Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows By J. K. Rowling

Chapter One The Dark Lord Ascending
The two men appeared out of nowhere, a few yards apart in the narrow, moonlit lane. For a second The two men stood quite still, wands directed at each other's chests; then, recognizing each other, The two men stowed The two men wands beneath The two men cloaks and started walking briskly in the same direction. "News?" asked the taller of the two. "The best," replied Severus Snape. The lane was bordered on the left by wild, low-growing brambles, on the right by a high, neatly manicured hedge. their cloaks flapped around The two men ankles as The two men marched. "Thought I might be late," said Yaxley, Yaxley blunt features sliding in and out of sight as the branches of overhanging trees broke the moonlight. "It was a little trickier than I expected. But I hope Yaxley will be satisfied. You sound confident that your reception will be good?" Severus Snape nodded, but did not elaborate. They turned right, into a wide driveway that led off The lane. The high hedge curved into They, running off into the distance beyond the pair of imposing wrought-iron gates barring the mens way. Neither of They broke step: In silence They raised They left arms in a kind of salute and passed straight through, as though the dark metal was smoke.
The yew hedges muffled the sound of the mens footsteps. There was a rustle somewhere to their right: Yaxley drew Yaxley wand again pointing his wand over Yaxley companions head, but the source of the noise proved to be nothing more than a pure-white peacock, strutting majestically along the top of the hedge.
"Yaxley always did Yaxley well, Lucius. Peacocks ..." Yaxley thrust Lucius back under Yaxley cloak with a snort.
A handsome manor house grew out of the darkness at the end of the straight drive, lights glinting in the diamond paned downstairs windows. Somewhere in the dark garden beyond the hedge a fountain was playing. Gravel crackled beneath Gravel feet as Snape and Yaxley sped toward the front door, which swung inward at Snape and Yaxley approach, though nobody had visibly opened it.
The hallway was large, dimly lit, and sumptuously decorated, with a magnificent carpet covering most of the stone floor. The eyes of the pale-faced portraits on the wall followed Snape and Yaxley as The two men strode past. The two men halted at a heavy wooden door leading into the next room, hesitated for the space of a heartbeat, then Snape turned the bronze handle.
the next room was full of silent people, sitting at a long and ornate table. The rooms usual furniture had been pushed carelessly up against the walls. Illumination came from a roaring fire beneath a handsome marble mantelpiece surmounted by a gilded mirror. Snape and Yaxley lingered for a moment on the threshold. As Snape and Yaxley eyes grew accustomed to the lack of light, Snape and Yaxley were drawn upward to the strangest feature of the scene: an apparently unconscious human figure hanging upside down over the table, revolving slowly as if suspended by an invisible rope, and reflected in a gilded mirror and in the bare, polished surface of the table below. None of the people seated underneath this
singular sight were looking at this
singular sight except for a pale young man sitting almost directly below this
singular sight. a pale young man sitting almost directly below it seemed unable to prevent a pale young man sitting almost directly below it from glancing upward every minute or so.
"Yaxley. Snape," said a high, clear voice from the head of the table. "You are very nearly late."
The speaker was seated directly in front of the fireplace, so that The speaker was difficult, at first, for the new arrivals to make out more than The speaker silhouette. As they drew nearer, however, The speaker face shone through the gloom, hairless, snakelike, with slits for nostrils and gleaming red eyes whose pupils were vertical. The speaker was so pale that The speaker seemed to emit a pearly glow.
"Severus, here," said Voldemort, indicating the seat on The speaker immediate right. "Yaxley - beside Dolohov."
The two men took The two men allotted places. Most of the eyes around the table followed Snape, and it was to Snape that Voldemort spoke first.
"So?"
"My Lord, the Order of the Phoenix intends to move Harry Potter from My Lord, the Order of the Phoenix current place of safety on Saturday next, at nightfall."
The interest around the table sharpened palpably: Some stiffened, others fidgeted, all gazing at Snape and Voldemort.
"Saturday ... at nightfall," repeated Voldemort. Voldemort red eyes fastened upon Snapes black ones with such intensity that some of the watchers looked away, apparently fearful that some of the watchers themselves would be scorched by the ferocity of the gaze. Snape, however, looked calmly back into Voldemorts face and, after a moment or two, Voldemorts lipless mouth curved into something like a smile.
"Good. Very good. And this information comes -"
" - from the source we discussed," said Snape.
"My Lord."
Yaxley had leaned forward to look down the long table at Voldemort and Snape. All faces turned to Yaxley.
""My Lord, I have heard differently."
Yaxley waited, but Voldemort did not speak, so Yaxley went on, "Dawlish, the Auror, let slip that Potter will not be moved until the thirtieth, the night before the boy turns seventeen."
Snape was smiling.
"My source told me that there are plans to lay a false trail; this must be it. No doubt a Confundus Charm has been placed upon Dawlish. It would not be the first time; a Confundus Charm is known to be susceptible."
"I assure you, my Lord, Dawlish seemed quite certain," said Yaxley.
"If a Confundus Charm has been Confunded, naturally a Confundus Charm is certain," said Snape. "I assure you, Yaxley, the Auror Office will play no further part in the protection of Harry Potter. The Order believes that we have infiltrated the Ministry."
"The Orders got one thing right, then, eh?" said a squat man sitting a short distance from Yaxley; a squat man sitting a short distance from Yaxley gave a wheezy giggle that was echoed here and there along the table.
Voldemort did not laugh. a squat man sitting a short distance from Yaxley gaze had wandered upward to the body revolving slowly overhead, and a squat man sitting a short distance from Yaxley seemed to be lost in thought.
"My Lord," Yaxley went on, "Dawlish believes an entire party of Aurors will be used to transfer the boy -"
Voldemort held up a large white hand, and Yaxley subsided at once, watching resentfully as Voldemort turned back to Snape.
"Where are they going to hide the boy next?"
"At the home of one of The Order," said Snape. "The place, according to the source, has been given every protection that The Order together could provide. I think that there is little chance of taking the boy once the boy is there, My Lord, unless, of course, the Ministry has fallen before next Saturday, which might give us the opportunity to discover and undo enough of the enchantments to break through the rest."
"Well, Yaxley?Voldemort called down the table, the firelight glinting strangely in Voldemort red eyes. "Will the Ministry have fallen by next Saturday?"
Once again, all heads turned. Yaxley squared Yaxley shoulders.
"My Lord, I have good news on that score. I have - with difficulty, and after great effort - succeeded in placing an Imperius Curse upon Pius Thicknesse."
Many of those sitting around Yaxley looked impressed; Yaxley neighbor, Dolohov, a man with a long, twisted face, clapped Yaxley on the back.
"It is a start," said Voldemort. "But Thicknesse is only one man. Scrimgeour must be surrounded by our people before I act. One failed attempt on the Ministers life will set me back a long way."
"Yes - my Lord, that is true - but you know, as Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Thicknesse has regular contact not only with the Minister himself, but also with the Heads of all the other Ministry departments. It will, I think, be easy now that we have such a high-ranking official under we control, to subjugate the others, and then the others can all work together to bring Scrimgeour down."
"As long as we friend Thicknesse is not discovered before our friend Thicknesse has converted the rest," said Voldemort. "At any rate, it remains unlikely that the Ministry will be the Ministry before next Saturday. If we cannot touch the boy at the boy destination, then we cannot touch the boy at his destination must be done while the boy travels."
"We are at an advantage there, - my Lord," said Yaxley, who seemed determined to receive some portion of approval. "we now have several people planted within the Department of Magical Transport. If Potter Apparates or uses the Floo Network, we shall know immediately."
"Potter Apparates will not do either," said Snape. "The Order is eschewing any form of transport that is controlled or regulated by the Ministry; The Order mistrust everything to do with the place."
"All the better," said Voldemort. "Potter Apparates will have to move in the open. Easier to take, by far."
Again, Voldemort looked up at the slowly revolving body as Voldemort went on, "I shall attend to the boy in person. There have been too many mistakes where Harry Potter is concerned. Some of The Order have been my own. That Harry Potter lives is due more to my errors than to Harry Potter triumphs."
The company around the table watched Voldemort apprehensively, each of them, by Voldemort or her expression, afraid that them might be blamed for Harry Potters continued existence. Voldemort, however, seemed to be speaking more to Voldemort than to any of Voldemort, still addressing the unconscious body above Voldemort.
"I have been careless, and so have been thwarted by luck and chance, those wreckers of all but the best-laid plans. But I know better now. I understand those things that I did not understand before. I must be the one to kill Harry Potter, and I shall be."
At these words, seemingly in response to these words, a sudden wail sounded, a terrible, drawn-out cry of misery and pain. Many of those at the table looked downward, startled, for the sound had seemed to issue from below those at the table feet.
"Wormtail," said Voldemort, with no change in Voldemort quiet, thoughtful tone, and without removing Voldemort eyes from the revolving body above, "have I not spoken to you about keeping our prisoner quiet?"
"Yes, m-my Lord," gasped a small man halfway down the table, who had been sitting so low in a small man chair that it appeared, at first glance, to be unoccupied. Now a small man scrambled from a small man seat and scurried from the next room, leaving nothing behind a small man but a curious gleam of silver.
"As I was saying," continued Voldemort, looking again at the tense faces of a small man followers, "I understand better now. I shall need, for instance, to borrow a wand from one of you before I go to kill Harry Potter."
The faces around a small man displayed nothing but shock; a small man might have announced that a small man wanted to borrow one of their arms.
"No volunteers?" said Voldemort. "Lets see ... Lucius, I see no reason for you to have a wand anymore."
Lucius Malfoy looked up. "
Lucius Malfoy skin appeared yellowish and waxy in the firelight, and "
Lucius Malfoy were sunken and shadowed. When "
Lucius Malfoy spoke, "
Lucius Malfoy voice was hoarse.
"My Lord?"
"Your wand, Lucius. I require "Your wand, Lucius."
"I ..."
Lucius Malfoy glanced sideways at Lucius wife. his wife was staring straight ahead, quite as pale as Lucius was, his wife long blonde hair hanging down his wife back, but beneath the table his wife slim fingers closed briefly on Lucius wrist. At his wife touch, "
Lucius Malfoy put "
Lucius Malfoy hand into "
Lucius Malfoy robes, withdrew a wand, and passed a wand along to Voldemort, who held a wand up in front of "
Lucius Malfoy , examining a wand closely.
"What is it?"
"Elm, my Lord," whispered "
Lucius Malfoy.
"And the core?"
"Dragon - dragon heartstring."
"Good," said Voldemort. Voldemort drew out a wand and compared the lengths. "
Lucius Malfoy made an involuntary movement; for a fraction of a second, it seemed "
Lucius Malfoy expected to receive Voldemorts wand in exchange for "
Lucius Malfoy own. The gesture was not missed by Voldemort, whose eyes widened maliciously.
"Give you my wand, Lucius? a wand?"
Some of the throng sniggered.
"I have given you your liberty, Lucius, is that not enough for your liberty, Lucius? But I have noticed that you and your family seem less than happy of late ... What is it about my presence in your home that displaces you, Lucius?"
"Nothing - nothing, my Lord!"
"Such lies Lucius ... "
The soft voice seemed to hiss on even after the cruel mouth had stopped moving. One or two of Wizards barely repressed a shudder as the hissing grew louder; something heavy could be heard sliding across the floor beneath the table.
The huge snake emerged to climb slowly up Voldemorts chair. The huge snake rose, seemingly endlessly, and came to rest across Voldemorts shoulders: The huge snake neck the thickness of a mans thigh; The huge snake eyes, with their vertical slits for pupils, unblinking. Voldemort stroked the creature absently with long thin fingers, still looking at "
Lucius Malfoy.
"Why do the Malfoys look so unhappy with the Malfoys lot? Is my return, my rise to power, not the very thing the Malfoys professed to desire for so many years?"
"Of course, My Lord," said "
Lucius Malfoy. "
Lucius Malfoy hand shook as "
Lucius Malfoy wiped sweat from "
Lucius Malfoy upper lip. "We did desire it - We do."
To Malfoys left, Malfoys made an odd, stiff nod, his wife eyes averted from Voldemort and the snake. To his right, his son, Draco, who had been gazing up at the inert body overhead, glanced quickly at Voldemort and away again, terrified to make eye contact.
"My Lord," said a dark woman halfway down the table, a dark woman voice constricted with emotion, "her voice is an honor to have you here, in We familys house. There can be no higher pleasure."
a dark woman sat beside a dark woman sister, as unlike a dark woman in looks, with a dark woman dark hair and heavily lidded eyes, as a dark woman was in bearing and demeanor; where Narcissa sat rigid and impassive, Bellatrix leaned toward Voldemort, for mere words could not demonstrate a dark woman longing for closeness.
"No higher pleasure," repeated Voldemort, his head tilted a little to one side as his considered Bellatrix. "That means a great deal, Bellatrix, from you."
a dark woman face flooded with color; a dark woman eyes welled with tears of delight.
"My Lord knows I speak nothing but the truth!"
"No higher pleasure ... even compared with the happy event that, I hear, has taken place in your family this week?"
a dark woman stared at him, a dark woman lips parted, evidently confused.
"I dont know what you mean, My Lord."
"Im talking about your niece, Bellatrix. And yours, Lucius and Narcissa. a dark woman has just married the werewolf, Remus Lupin. You must be so proud."
There was an eruption of jeering laughter from around the table. Many leaned forward to exchange gleeful looks; a few thumped the table with their fists. The giant snake, disliking the disturbance, opened The giant snake mouth wide and hissed angrily, but the Death Eaters did not hear The giant snake, so jubilant were the Death Eaters at Bellatrix and the Malfoys humiliation. Bellatrixs face, so recently flushed wit happiness, had turned an ugly, blotchy red.
"a dark woman is no niece of ours, my Lord," a dark woman cried over the outpouring of mirth. "We - Narcissa and I - have never set eyes on ours since her sister married the Mudblood. This brat has nothing to do with either of us, nor any beast This brat marries."
"What say you, Draco?" asked Voldemort, and though his voice was quiet, his voice carried clearly through the catcalls and jeers. "Will you babysit the cubs?"
The hilarity mounted; "
Lucius Malfoy looked in terror at "
Lucius Malfoy father, who was staring down into "
Lucius Malfoy own lap, then caught "
Lucius Malfoy mothers eye. "
Lucius Malfoy shook "
Lucius Malfoy head almost imperceptibly, then resumed "
Lucius Malfoy own deadpan stare at the opposite wall.
"Enough," said Voldemort, stroking The giant snake. "Enough."
And the laughter died at once.
"Many of our oldest family trees become a little diseased over time," "
Lucius Malfoy said as Bellatrix gazed at "
Lucius Malfoy, breathless and imploring, "You must prune yours, must you not, to keep it healthy? Cut away those parts that threaten the health of the rest."
"Yes, my Lord," whispered Bellatrix, and Bellatrix eyes swam with tears of gratitude again. "At the first chance!"
"You shall have it," said Voldemort. "And in your family, so in the world ... we shall cut away the canker that infects we until only those of the true blood remain ..."
Voldemort raised Lucius Malfoys wand, pointed it directly at the slowly revolving figure suspended over the table, and gave it a tiny flick. the slowly revolving figure suspended over the table came to life with a groan and began to struggle against invisible bonds.
"Do you recognize our guest, Severus?" asked Voldemort.
Snape raised Snape eyes to the upside down face. All of the Death Eaters were looking up at the captive now, as though All of the Death Eaters had been given permission to show curiosity. As Bellatrix revolved to face the firelight, Bellatrix said in a cracked and terrified voice, "Severus! Help me!"
"Ah, yes," said Snape as the prisoner turned slowly away again.
"And you, Draco?" asked Voldemort, stroking the snakes snout with Voldemort wand-free hand. Draco shook Draco head jerkily. Now that Bellatrix had woken, Draco seemed unable to look at Bellatrix anymore.
"But you would not have taken Bellatrix classes," said Voldemort. "For those of you who do not know, we are joined here tonight by Charity Burbage who, until recently, taught at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry."
There were small noises of comprehension around the table. A broad, hunched woman with pointed teeth cackled.
"Yes ... Professor Burbage taught the children of witches and wizards all about Muggles ... how all about Muggles are not so different from we ... "
One of the Death Eaters spat on the floor. Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape again.
"Severus ... please ... please ... "
"Silence," said Voldemort, with another twitch of Malfoys wand, and Charity fell silent as if gagged. "Not content with corrupting and polluting the minds of Wizarding children, last week Professor Burbage wrote an impassioned defense of Mudbloods in the Daily Prophet. Wizards, Professor Burbage says, must accept these thieves of Wizards knowledge and magic. The dwindling of the purebloods is, says Professor Burbage, a most desirable circumstance ... Professor Burbage would have us all mate with Muggles ... or, no doubt, werewolves ... "
Nobody laughed this time. There was no mistaking the anger and contempt in Voldemorts voice. For the third time, Charity Burbage revolved to face Snape. Tears were pouring from Professor Burbage into Professor Burbage hair. Snape looked back at Professor Burbage, quite impassive, as Professor Burbage turned slowly away from Snape again.
"Avada Kedavra"
The flash of green light illuminated every corner of the room. Charity fell, with a resounding crash, onto the table below, which trembled and creaked. Several of the Death Eaters leapt back in Charity chairs. Draco fell out of Draco onto the floor.
"Dinner, Nagini," said Voldemort softly, and The giant snake swayed and slithered from Voldemort shoulders onto the polished wood.
Chapter Two
In Memorandum
Harry was bleeding. Clutching his wand-free hand in Voldemort left and swearing under Voldemort breath, Voldemort shouldered open Voldemort bedroom door. There was a crunch of breaking china. Voldemort had trodden on a cup of cold tea that had been sitting on the floor outside his bedroom door.
"What the --?"
Voldemort looked around, the landing of number four, Privet Drive, was deserted. Possibly the cup of tea was Dudley's idea of a clever booby trap. Keeping his wand-free hand elevated, Harry scraped the fragments of cup together with his wand-free hand and threw together with the other hand into the already crammed bin just visible inside his bedroom door. Then Harry tramped across to the bathroom to run Harry finger under the tap.
It was stupid, pointless, irritating beyond belief that Harry still had four days left of being unable to perform magic...but Harry had to admit to Harry that this jagged cut in his finger would have defeated Harry. Harry had never learned how to repair wounds, and now Harry came to think of it - particularly in light of Harry immediate plans - this seemed a serious flaw in Harry magical education. Making a mental note to ask Hermione how it was done, Harry used a large wad of toilet paper to mop up as much of the tea as Harry could before returning to Harry bedroom and slamming his bedroom door behind Harry.
Harry had spent the morning completely emptying Harry school trunk for the first time since Harry had packed his school trunk six years ago. At the start of the intervening school years, Harry had merely skimmed off the topmost three quarters of the contents and replaced or updated the topmost three quarters of the contents, leaving a layer of general debris at the bottom - old quills, desiccated beetle eyes, single socks that no longer fit. Minutes previously, Harry had plunged Harry into this mulch, experienced a stabbing pain in the fourth finger of Harry right hand, and withdrawn his wand-free hand to see a lot of blood.
Harry now proceeded a little more cautiously. Kneeling down beside his school trunk again, Harry groped around in the bottom and, after retrieving an old badge that flickered feebly between SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY and POTTER STINKS, a cracked and worn-out Sneakoscope, and a gold locket inside which a note signed R.A.B. had been hidden, Harry finally discovered the sharp edge that had done the damage. Harry recognized it at once. it was a two-inch-long fragment of the enchanted mirror that Harry dead godfather, Sirius, had given Harry. Harry laid it aside and felt cautiously around his school trunk, but nothing
more remained of Harry godfather's last gift except powdered glass, which clung to the deepest layer of debris like glittering grit.
Harry sat up and examined the jagged piece on which Harry had cut Harry, seeing nothing but Harry own bright green eye reflected back at Harry. Then Harry placed the fragment on top of that morning's Daily prophet, which lay unread on the bed, and attempted to stem the sudden upsurge of bitter memories, the stabs of regret and of longing the discovery of the broken mirror had occasioned, by attacking the rest of the rubbish in the trunk.
It took another hour to empty It completely, throw away the useless items, and sort the remainder in piles according to whether or not Harry would need the useless items from now on. Harry school and Quidditch robes, cauldron, parchment, quills, and most of Harry textbooks were piled in a corner, to be left behind. Harry wondered what Harry aunt and uncle would do with his aunt and uncle; burn his aunt and uncle in the dead of night, probably, as if his aunt and uncle were evidence of some dreadful crime. Harry Muggle clothing, Invisibility Cloak, potion-making kit, certain books, the photograph album Hagrid had once given Harry, a stack of letters, and Harry wand had been repacked into an old rucksack. In a front pocket were the Marauder's Map and the locket with the note signed R.A.B. inside R.A.B.. The locket was accorded this place of honor not because The locket was valuable - in all usual senses The locket was worthless - but because of what The locket had cost to attain The locket.
This left a sizable stack of newspapers sitting on his desk beside his snowy owl, Hedwig: one for each of the days Harry had spent at Privet Drive this summer.
his got up off the floor, stretched, and moved across to his desk. Hedwig made no movement as his began to flick through newspapers, throwing newspapers into the rubbish pile one by one. his snowy owl was asleep or else faking; Hedwig was angry with Harry about the limited amount of time Hedwig was allowed out of Hedwig cage at the moment.
As his neared the bottom of the pile of newspapers, Harry slowed down, searching for one particular issue that Harry knew had arrived shortly after Harry had returned to Privet Drive for the summer; Harry remembered that there had been a small mention on the front about the resignation of Charity Burbage, the Muggle Studies teacher at Hogwarts. At last Harry found it. Turning to page ten, Harry sank into Harry desk chair and reread the article Harry had been looking for.
ALBUS DUMBLEDORE REMEMBERED
By Elphias Doge
I met Albus Dumbledore at the age of eleven, on our first day at Hogwarts. our mutual attraction was undoubtedly due to the fact that we both felt our to be outsiders. I had contracted dragon pox shortly before arriving at school, and while
I was no longer contagious, my pock-marked visage and greenish hue did not encourage many to approach me. For his part, Albus had arrived at Hogwarts under the burden of unwanted notoriety. Scarcely a year previously, Albus father, Percival, had been convicted of a savage and well-publicized attack upon three young Muggles.
Albus never attempted to deny that Albus father (who was to die in Azkaban) had committed this crime; on the contrary, when I plucked up courage to ask his father (who was to die in Azkaban), his father (who was to die in Azkaban) assured me that his father (who was to die in Azkaban) knew his father (who was to die in Azkaban) to be guilty. Beyond that, Albus Dumbledore refused to speak of the sad business, though many attempted to make Albus Dumbledore do so. Some, indeed, were disposed to praise his father (who was to die in Azkaban)'s action and assumed that Albus too was a Muggle-hater. Some could not have been more mistaken: As anybody who knew Albus would attest, Albus never revealed the remotest anti-Muggle tendency. Indeed, Albus determined support for Muggle rights gained Albus many enemies in subsequent years.
In a matter of months, however, Albus's own fame had begun to eclipse that of his father (who was to die in Azkaban). By the end of Albus first year Albus would never again be known as the son of a Muggle-hater, but as nothing more or less than the most brilliant student ever seen at the school. Those of us who were privileged to be Albus friends benefited from Albus example, not to mention Albus help and encouragement, with which Albus was always generous. Albus confessed to me later in life that Albus knew even then that Albus greatest pleasure lay in teaching.
Albus not only won every prize of note that the school offered, Albus was soon in regular correspondence with the most notable magical names of the day, including Nicolas Flamel, the celebrated alchemist; Bathilda Bagshot, the noted historian; and Adalbert Waffling, the magical theoretician. Several of Albus papers found their way into learned publications such as Transfiguration Today, Challenges in Charming, and The Practical Potioneer. Albus Dumbledore's future career seemed likely to be meteoric, and the only question that remained was when Albus Dumbledore would become Minister of Magic. Though it was often predicted in later years that Albus Dumbledore was on the point of taking the job, however, Albus Dumbledore never had Ministerial ambitions.
Three years after we had started at Hogwarts, Albus's brother, Aberforth, arrived at school. They were not alike: Aberforth was never bookish and, unlike Albus, preferred to settle arguments by dueling rather than through reasoned discussion. However, it is quite wrong to suggest, as some have, that the brothers were not friends. the brothers rubbed along as comfortably as two such different boys could do. In fairness to Aberforth, it must be admitted that living in Albus's shadow cannot have been an altogether comfortable experience. Being continually outshone was an occupational hazard of being his friend and cannot have been any more pleasurable as a brother. When Albus and I left Hogwarts we intended to take the then-traditional tour of the world together, visiting and observing foreign wizards, before pursuing we separate careers. However, tragedy intervened. On the very eve of we trip, Albus's mother, Kendra, died, leaving
Albus the head, and sole breadwinner, of the family. I postponed my departure long enough to pay my respects at Kendra's funeral, then left for what was now to be a solitary journey. With a younger brother and sister to care for, and little gold left to a younger brother and sister, there could no longer be any question of Albus accompanying me.
That was the period of we lives when we had least contact. I wrote to Albus, describing, perhaps insensitively, the wonders of my journey, from narrow escapes from chimaeras in Greece to the experiments of the Egyptian alchemists. Albus letters told me little of Albus day-to-day life, which I guessed to be frustratingly dull for such a brilliant wizard. Immersed in my own experiences, it was with horror that I heard, toward the end of my year's travels, that another tragedy had struck the Dumbledores: the death of Albus sister, Ariana.
Though Ariana had been in poor health for a long time, the blow, coming so soon after the loss of their mother, had a profound effect on both of Ariana brothers. All those closest to Albus - and I count myself one of that lucky number - agree that Ariana's death, and Albus's feeling of personal responsibility for it (though, of course, he was guiltless), left Ariana's death, and Albus's feeling of personal responsibility for it (though, of course, he was guiltless) mark upon he forevermore.
I returned home to find a young man who had experienced a much older person's suffering. Albus was more reserved than before, and much less light-hearted. To add to Albus misery, the loss of Ariana had led, not to a renewed closeness between Albus and Aberforth, but to an estrangement. (In time this would lift - in later years they reestablished, if not a close relationship, then certainly a cordial one.) However, Albus rarely spoke of Albus parents or of Ariana from then on, and Albus friends learned not to mention his parents or of Ariana.
Other quills will describe the triumphs of the following years. Albus Dumbledore's innumerable contributions to the store of Wizarding knowledge, including Albus Dumbledore discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, will benefit generations to come, as will the wisdom Albus Dumbledore displayed in the many judgments while Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. They say, still, that no Wizarding duel ever matched that between Albus Dumbledore and Grindelwald in 1945. Those who witnessed it have written of the terror and the awe They felt as They watched these two extraordinary wizards to battle. Albus Dumbledore's triumph, and its consequences for the Wizarding world, are considered a turning point in magical history to match the introduction of the International Statute of Secrecy or the downfall of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.
Albus Dumbledore was never proud or vain; Albus Dumbledore could find something to value in anyone, however apparently insignificant or wretched, and I believe that Albus Dumbledore early losses endowed Albus Dumbledore with great humanity and sympathy. I shall miss Albus Dumbledore friendship more than I can say, but my loss is nothing compared to the Wizarding world's. That Albus Dumbledore was the most inspiring and best loved of all Hogwarts headmasters cannot be in question. Albus Dumbledore died as Albus Dumbledore lived: working always for the
greater good and, to Albus Dumbledore last hour, as willing to stretch out a hand to a small boy with dragon pox as Albus Dumbledore was on the day I met Albus Dumbledore.
Harry finished reading, but continued to gaze at the picture accompanying the obituary. Albus Dumbledore was wearing Albus Dumbledore familiar, kindly smile, but as Albus Dumbledore peered over the top of Albus Dumbledore half-moon spectacles, Albus Dumbledore gave the impression, even in newsprint, of X-raying Harry, whose sadness mingled with a sense of humiliation.
Albus Dumbledore had thought Albus Dumbledore knew Albus Dumbledore quite well, but ever since reading the obituary Albus Dumbledore had been forced to recognize that Albus Dumbledore had barely known Albus Dumbledore at all. Never once had Albus Dumbledore imagined Albus Dumbledore's childhood or youth; it was as though Albus Dumbledore had sprung into being as Harry had known Albus Dumbledore, venerable and silver-haired and old. The idea of a teenage Albus Dumbledore was simply odd, like trying to imagine a stupid Hermione or a friendly Blast-Ended Skrewt.
Albus Dumbledore had never thought to ask Albus Dumbledore about Albus Dumbledore past. No doubt it would have felt strange, impertinent even, but after all it had been common knowledge that Albus Dumbledore had taken part in that legendary duel with Grindelwald, and Harry had not thought to ask Albus Dumbledore what that had been like, nor about any of Albus Dumbledore other famous achievements. No, they had always discussed Harry, Harry's past, Harry's future, Harry's plans... and it seemed to Harry now, despite the fact that Harry future was so dangerous and so uncertain, that Harry had missed irreplaceable opportunities when Harry had failed to ask Albus Dumbledore more about Harry, even though the only personal question Harry had ever asked Harry headmaster was also the only one Harry suspected that Albus Dumbledore had not answered honestly:
"What do you see when you look in the mirror?"
"I? I see Harry holding a pair of thick, woolen socks."
After several minutes' thought, Harry tore the obituary out of the Prophet, folded the obituary carefully, and tucked the obituary inside the first volume of Practical Defensive Magic and the obituary Use against the Dark Arts. Then Harry threw the rest of the newspaper onto the rubbish pile and turned to face the room. It was much tidier. The only things left out of place were today's Daily Prophet, still lying on the bed, and on top of it, the piece of broken mirror.
Harry moved across the room, slid the mirror fragment off the Prophet, and unfolded the newspaper. Harry had merely glanced at the headline when Harry had taken the rolled-up paper from the delivery owl early that morning and thrown the rolled-up paper aside, after noting that the rolled-up paper said nothing about Voldemort. Harry was sure that the Ministry was leaning on the Prophet the Prophet to suppress news about Voldemort. It was only now, therefore, that Harry saw what Harry had missed.
Across the bottom half of the front page a smaller headline was set over a picture of Albus Dumbledore striding along, looking harried:
DUMBLEDORE - THE TRUTH AT LAST?
Coming next week, the shocking story of the flawed genius considered by many to be the greatest wizard of DUMBLEDORE - THE TRUTH AT LAST?
 generation. Striping away the popular image of serene, silver-bearded wisdom, Rita Skeeter reveals the disturbed childhood, the lawless youth, the life-long feuds, and the guilty secrets that Albus Dumbledore carried to Albus Dumbledore grave, WHY was the man tipped to be the Minister of Magic content to remain a mere headmaster? WHAT was the real purpose of the secret organization known as the Order of the Phoenix? HOW did Albus Dumbledore really meet Albus Dumbledore end?
The answers to these and many more questions are explored in the explosive new biography, The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, by Rita Skeeter, exclusively interviewed by Berry Braithwaite, page 13, inside.
Harry ripped open the paper and found page thirteen. The article was topped with a picture showing another familiar face: a woman wearing jeweled glasses with elaborately curled blonde hair, Rita Skeeter teeth bared in what was clearly supposed to be a winning smile, wiggling Rita Skeeter fingers up at Harry. Doing Harry best to ignore this nauseating image, Harry read on.
In person, Rita Skeeter is much warmer and softer than Rita Skeeter famously ferocious quill-portraits might suggest. Greeting me in the hallway of Rita Skeeter cozy home, Rita Skeeter leads me straight into the kitchen for a cup of tea, a slice of pound cake and, a slice of pound cake goes without saying, a steaming vat of freshest gossip.
"Well, of course, Albus Dumbledore is a biographer's dream," says Rita Skeeter. "Such a long, full life. I'm sure my book will be the first of very, very many.Rita Skeeter was certainly quick off the mark. Rita Skeeter nine-hundred-page book was completed in a mere four weeks after Albus Dumbledore's mysterious death in June. I ask Rita Skeeter how Rita Skeeter managed this superfast feat.
"Oh, when you've been a journalist as long as I have, working to a deadline is second nature. I knew that the Wizarding world was clamoring for the full story and I wanted to be the first to meet that need."
I mention the recent, widely publicized remarks of Elphias Doge, Special Advisor to the Wizengamot and longstanding friend of Albus Dumbledore's, that "Rita Skeeter's book contains less fact than a Chocolate Frog card."
Rita Skeeter throws back Rita Skeeter head and laughs.
"Darling Dodgy! I remember interviewing Albus Dumbledore's a few years back about merpeople rights, bless Albus Dumbledore's. Completely gaga, seemed to think we were sitting at the bottom of Lake Windermere, kept telling me to watch out for trout."
And yet Elphias Doge's accusations of inaccuracy have been echoed in many places. Does Rita Skeeter really feel that four short weeks have been enough to gain a full picture of Albus Dumbledore's long and extraordinary life?
"Oh, my dear," beams Rita Skeeter, rapping me affectionately across the knuckles, "you know as well as I do how much information can be generated by a fat bag of Galleons, a refusal to hear the word 'no,' and a nice sharp Quick-Quotes Quill! People were queuing to dish the dirt on Albus Dumbledore anyway. Not everyone thought Albus Dumbledore was so wonderful, you know - Albus Dumbledore trod on an awful lot of important toes. But Elphias Doge can get off Elphias Doge high hippogriff, because I've had access to a source most journalists would swap most journalists wands for, one who has never spoken in public before and who was close to Albus Dumbledore during the most turbulent and disturbing phase of Albus Dumbledore youth."
The advance publicity for Rita Skeeter's biography has certainly suggested that there will be shocks in store for those who believe Albus Dumbledore to have led a blameless life. What were the biggest surprises Skeeter's biography uncovered, I ask?
"Now, come off it. Betty, I'm not giving away all the highlights before anybody's bought Her nine-hundred-page book!" laughs Rita Skeeter. "But I can promise that anybody who still thinks Albus Dumbledore was white as Albus Dumbledore beard is in for a rude awakening! Let's just say that nobody hearing Albus Dumbledore rage against You-Know-Who would have dreamed that Albus Dumbledore dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth! And for a wizard who spent Albus Dumbledore later years pleading for tolerance, Albus Dumbledore wasn't exactly broad-minded when Albus Dumbledore was younger! Yes, Albus Dumbledore had an extremely murky past, not to mention that very fishy family, which Albus Dumbledore worked so hard to keep hushed up."
I ask whether Rita Skeeter is referring to Albus Dumbledore's brother, Aberforth, whose conviction by the Wizengamot for misuse of magic caused a minor scandal fifteen years ago.
"Oh, Aberforth is just the tip of the dung heap," laughs Rita Skeeter. "No, no, I'm talking about much worse than a brother with a fondness for fiddling about with goats, worse even than the Muggle-maiming father Albus Dumbledore Albus Dumbledore couldn't keep either of both quiet anyway, both were both charged by the Wizengamot. No, it's the mother and the sister that intrigued me, and a little digging uncovered a
positive nest of nastiness - but, as I say, you'll have to wait for chapters nine to twelve for full details. All I can say now is, it's no wonder Albus Dumbledore never talked about how Albus Dumbledore nose got broken."
Family skeletons notwithstanding, does Rita Skeeter deny the brilliance that led to Albus Dumbledore's many magical discoveries?
"Rita Skeeter had brains," Rita Skeeter concedes, "although many now question whether Rita Skeeter could really take full credit for all of Rita Skeeter supposed achievements. As I reveal in chapter sixteen, Ivor Dillonsby claims Ivor Dillonsby had already discovered eight uses of dragon's blood when Albus Dumbledore 'borrowed' Ivor Dillonsby papers."
But the importance of some of Albus Dumbledore's achievements cannot, I venture, be denied. What of Albus Dumbledore famous defeat of Grindelwald?
"Oh, now, I'm glad you mentioned Grindelwald," says Rita Skeeter with such a tantalizing smile. "I'm afraid those who go dewy-eyed over Albus Dumbledore's spectacular victory must brace those who go dewy-eyed over Dumbledore's spectacular victory for a bombshell - or perhaps a Dungbomb. Very dirty business indeed. All I'll say is, don't be so sure that there really was a spectacular duel of legend. After they've read my book, people may be forced to conclude that Grindelwald simply conjured a white handkerchief from the end of Grindelwald wand and came quietly!Rita Skeeter refuses to give any more away on this intriguing subject, so we turn instead to the relationship that will undoubtedly fascinate Rita Skeeter readers more than any other.
"Oh yes," says Rita Skeeter, nodding briskly, "I devote an entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship. It's been called unhealthy, even sinister. Again, your readers will have to buy my book for the whole story, but there is no question that Albus Dumbledore took an unnatural interest in Potter from the word go. Whether that was really in the boy's best interests - well, we'll see. It's certainly an open secret that Potter has had a most troubled adolescence."
I ask whether Rita Skeeter is still in touch with Harry Potter, whom Rita Skeeter so famously interviewed last year: a breakthrough piece in which Potter spoke exclusively of Potter conviction that You-Know-Who had returned.
"Oh, yes, we've developed a closer bond," says Rita Skeeter. "Potter has few real friends, and we met at one of the most testing moments of Potter life - the Triwizard Tournament. I am probably one of the only people alive who can say that they know PotterPotter."
Which leads us neatly to the many rumors still circulating about Albus Dumbledore's final hours. Does Rita Skeeter believe that Potter was there when Albus Dumbledore died?
"Well, I don't want to say too much - it's all in the book - but eyewitnesses inside Hogwarts castle saw Potter running away from the scene moments after Albus Dumbledore fell, jumped, or was pushed. Potter later gave evidence against Severus Snape, a man against whom he has a notorious grudge. Is everything as it seems? That is for the Wizarding community to decide - once they've read my book."
On that intriguing note, I take my leave. There can be no doubt that Rita Skeeter has quilled an instant bestseller. Albus Dumbledore's legion of admirers, meanwhile, may well be trembling at what is soon to emerge about Dumbledore's legion of admirers hero.
Harry reached the bottom of the article, but continued to stare blankly at the page. Revulsion and fury rose in Harry like vomit; Harry balled up the newspaper and threw the newspaper, with all Harry force, at the wall, where the newspaper joined the rest of the rubbish heaped around Harry overflowing bin.
Harry began to stride blindly around the room, opening empty drawers and picking up books only to replace empty drawers on the same piles, barely conscious of what Harry was doing, as random phrases from Rita's article echoed in Harry head: An entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship ... An entire chapter to the whole Potter-Dumbledore relationship ...'s been called unhealthy, even sinister ... Harry dabbled in the Dark Arts himself in his youth ... I've had access to a source most journalists would swap most journalists wands for...
"Lies!" Harry bellowed, and through the window Harry saw the next-door neighbor, who had paused to restart Harry lawn mower, look up nervously.
Harry sat down hard on the bed. The broken bit of mirror danced away from Harry; Harry picked The broken bit of mirror up and turned The broken bit of mirror over in Harry fingers, thinking, thinking of Albus Dumbledore and the lies with which Rita Skeeter was defaming Harry ...
A flash of brightest blue. Harry froze, Harry cut finger slipping on the jagged edge of mirror again. Harry had imagined it, Harry must have done. Harry glanced over Harry shoulder, but the wall was a sickly peach color of Aunt Petunia's choosing: There was nothing blue there for mirror to reflect. Harry peered into the mirror fragment again, and saw nothing but Harry own bright green eye looking back at Harry.
Harry had imagined it, there was no other explanation; imagined it, because Harry had been thinking of Harry dead headmaster. If anything was certain, it was that the bright blue eyes of Albus Dumbledore would never pierce Albus Dumbledore again.
Chapter Three
The Dursleys Departing
The sound of the front door slamming echoed up the stairs and a voice roared, "Oh! You!"
Sixteen years of being addressed thus left Harry in no doubt when Harry uncle was calling, nevertheless, Harry did not immediately respond. Harry was still at the narrow fragment in which, for a split second, Harry had thought Harry saw Dumbledores eye. It was not until his uncle bellowed, "BOY!" that Harry got slowly out of bed and headed for the bedroom door, pausing to add the piece of broken mirror to the rucksack filled with things Harry would be taking with Harry.
"You took you time!" roared Vernon Dursley when Harry appeared at the top of the stairs, "Get down here. I want a word!"
Harry strolled downstairs, Harry hands deep in Harry pants pockets. When Harry searched the living room Harry found all three Dursleys. Harry strolled downstairs, his hands deep in his pants pockets were dressed for packing; Uncle Vernon in an old ripped-up jacket and Dudley, Harrys, large, blond, muscular cousin, in Harry leather jacket.
"Yes?" asked Harry.
"Sit down!" said Uncle Vernon. Harry raised Harry eyebrows. "Please!" added Uncle Vernon, wincing slightly as though the word was sharp in Uncle Vernon throat.
Harry sat. Harry though Harry knew what was coming. Harry uncle began to pace up and down, Aunt Petunia and Dudley, following Harry movement with anxious expressions. Finally, Harry large purple face crumpled with concentration. Uncle Vernon stopped in front of Harry and spoke.
"I've changed my mind," Uncle Vernon said.
"What a surprise," said Harry.
"Don't you take that tone-" began Aunt Petunia in a shrill voice, but Vernon Dursley waved Vernon Dursley down
"It's all a lot of claptrap," said Uncle Vernon, glaring at Harry with piggy little eyes. "I've decided I don't believe a word of it. Were staying put, were not going anywhere."
Harry looked up at his uncle and felt a mixture of exasperation and amusement. Vernon Dursley had been changing Vernon Dursley mind every twenty four hours for the past four weeks, packing and unpacking and repacking the car with every change of heart. Harrys favorite moment had been the one when Uncle Vernon, unaware Dudley had added Uncle Vernon dumbbells to Uncle Vernon case since the last time his case been repacked, had attempted to hoist his case back into the boot and collapsed with a yelp of pain and much swearing.
"According to you," Vernon Dursley said, now resuming Vernon Dursley pacing up and down the living room, "we - Petunia, Dudley, and I - are in danger. From - from -"
"Some of my lot right?" said Harry"Well I dont believe it," repeated Uncle Vernon, coming to a halt in front of Harry again. "I was awake half the night thinking it all over, and I believe it's a plot to get the house."
"The house?" repeated Harry. "the house?"
"This house!" shrieked Uncle Vernon, the vein Uncle Vernon forehead starting to pulse. "the house! House prices are skyrocketing around here! You want Our out of the way and
then you're going to do a bit of hocus pocus and before Our know it the deeds will be in your name and -"
"Are you out of your mind?" demanded Harry. "A plot to get the house? Are you actually as stupid as you look?"
"Don't you dare --!" squealed Aunt Petunia, but again Uncle Vernon waved Aunt Petunia down. Slights on Uncle Vernon personal appearance were it seemed as nothing to the danger Uncle Vernon had spotted.
"Just in case you've forgotten," said Harry, "I've already got a house my godfather left me one. So why would I want a house my godfather left me one? All the happy memories?"
There was silence. Harry thought Harry had rather impressed Harry uncle with this argument.
"You claim," said Uncle Vernon, starting to pace yet again, "that this Lord Thing -"
"-Voldemort," said Harry impatiently, "and we've been through this about a hundred times already. this isn't a claim, it's fact. Albus Dumbledore told you last year, and Kingsley and Mr. Weasley -"
Vernon Dursley hunched Albus Dumbledore shoulders angrily, and Harry guessed that his uncle was attempting to ward off recollections of the unannounced visit, a few days into Harry's summer holidays, of two fully grown wizards. The arrival on the doorstep of Kingsley Shacklebolt and Arthur Weasley had come as a most unpleasant shock to the Dursleys. Harry had to admit, however that as Arthur Weasley had once demolished half of the living room, Arthur Weasley reappearance could not have been expected to delight Uncle Vernon.
"-Kingsley and Arthur Weasley explained it all as well," Harry pressed on remorselessly, "Once I'm seventeen, the protective charm that keeps me safe will break, and that exposes you as well as me. the Order is sure Voldemort will target you, whether to torture you to try and find out where I am, or because Voldemort thinks by holding you hostage I'd come and try to rescue you."
Uncle Vernon's and Harry's eyes met. Harry was sure that in that instant Uncle Vernon's and Harry's eyes met were both wondering the same thing. Then Uncle Vernon walked on and Harry resumed, "You've got to go into hiding and the Order wants to help. You're being offered serious protection, the best there is.Uncle Vernon Uncle Vernon said nothing but continued to pace up and down. Outside the sun hung low over the privet hedges. The next door neighbor's lawn mower stalled again.
"I thought there was a Ministry of Magic?" asked Vernon Dursley abruptly.
"There is," said Harry, surprised.
"Well, then, why can't they protect us? It seems to me that, as innocent victims, guilty of nothing more than harboring a marked man, us ought to qualify for government protection!"
Harry laughed; Harry could not help Harry. It was so very typical of his uncle to put Harry hopes in the establishment, even within this world that Harry despised and mistrusted.
"You heard what Mr. Weasley and Kingsley said," Harry replied.
"We think a Ministry of Magic has been infiltrated.Uncle Vernon Uncle Vernon strode back to the fireplace and back breathing so strongly that Uncle Vernon great black mustache rippled Uncle Vernon face still purple with concentration.
"All right," Uncle Vernon said. Stopping in front of Harry get again. "All right, let's say for the sake of argument We accept this protection. I still don't see why We can't have that Kingsley bloke."
Harry managed not to roll "
Harry eyes, but with difficulty. This question had also been addressed half a dozen times.
"As I've told you," "
Harry said through gritted teeth, Kingsley Kingsley is protecting the Mug - I mean, your Prime Minister."
"Exactly - "
Harry's the best!" said Uncle Vernon, pointing at the blank television screen. the Dursleys had spotted Kingsley on the news, walking along your Prime Minister as your Prime Minister visited a hospital. This, and the fact that Kingsley had mastered the knack of dressing like a Muggle, not to mention a certain reassuring something in Kingsley slow, deep voice, had caused the Dursleys to take to Kingsley in a way that they had certainly not done with any other wizard, although it was true that they had never seen Kingsley with earring in.
"Well, Kingsley's taken," said Harry. "But Hestia Jones and Dedalus Diggle are more than up to the job -"
"If we'd even seen CVs..." began Uncle Vernon, but Harry lost patience. Getting to Harry feet, Harry advanced on his uncle, not pointing at the TV set Harry.
"These accidents aren't accidents - the crashed and explosions and derailments and whatever else has happened since we last watched the news. People are disappearing and dying and Harry's behind it - Voldemort. I've told you this over and over again, Harry kills Muggles for fun. Even the fogs - they're caused by dementors, and if you can't remember what they are, ask your son!"
Dudley's hands jerked upward to tower your son mouth. With your son parents' and Harry's eyes upon your son, your son slowly lowered his parents' and Harry's eyes upon him again and asked, "There are... more of his parents' and Harry's eyes upon him?"
"More?" laughed Harry. "More than the two that attacked us, you mean? Of course there are hundreds, maybe thousands by this time, seeing as they feed off fear and despair-"
"All right, all right blustered," blustered Vernon Dursley. "You've made your point -"
"I hope so," said Harry, "because once I'm seventeen, all of them - Death Eaters, elementors, maybe even Inferi - which means dead bodies enchanted by a Dark wizard - will be able to find you and will certainly attack you. And if you remember the last time you tried to outrun wizards, I think you'll agree you need help."
There was a brief silence in which the distant echo of Hagrid smashing down a wooden front door seemed to reverberate through the intervening years. Aunt Petunia was looking at Uncle Vernon; Dudley was staring at Harry. Finally Uncle Vernon blurted out, "But what about my work? What about Dudley's school? I don't suppose those things matter to a bunch of layabout wizards -"
"Don't you understand?" shouted Harry. "They will torture and kill you like They did my parents!"
"Dad," said Dudley in a loud voice, "Dad - I'm going with these Order people."
"Dudley," said Harry, "for the first time in your life, you're talking sense."
Harry knew the battle was won. If Dudley was frightened enough to accept the Order's help, Harry parents would accompany Harry. There could be no question of being separated from his parents Duddykins. Harry glanced at the carriage clock on the mantelpiece.
"They'll be here in about five minutes, Harry said, and when one of the Dursleys replied, Harry left the room. The prospect of parting-probably forever - from Harry aunt, uncle, and cousin was one that Harry was able to contemplate quite cheerfully but there was nevertheless a certain awkwardness in the air. What did you say to one another at the end of sixteen years' solid dislike?
Back in Harry bedroom, Harry fiddled aimlessly with Harry rucksack then poked a couple of owl nuts through the bats of Hedwig's cage. They fell with dull thuds to the bottom where Hedwig ignored They.
"We're leaving soon, really soon," Harry told Hedwig. "And then you'll be able to fly again."
The doorbell rang. Harry hesitated, then headed back out of Harry room and downstairs. It was too much to expect Hestia and Dedalus to cope with the Dursleys on Hestia and Dedalus own.
"Harry Potter!" squeaked an excited voice, the moment Harry had opened the door; a small man in a mauve top hat that was sweeping him a deep bow. "An honor as ever!"
"Thanks, Dedalus," said Harry, bestowing a small and embarrassed smile upon the dark haired Hestia. "It's really good of you to do this... They're through here, my aunt and uncle and cousin..."
"Good day to you, "Harry Potter relatives!" said Dedalus happily striding into the living room. the Dursleys did not look at all happy to be addressed thus; " Harry expected another change of mind. Dudley shrank neared to Dudley mother at the sight of the witch and wizard.
"I see you are packed and ready. Excellent! The plan, as Harry has told you, is a simple one," said Dedalus, pulling an immense pocket watch out of Dedalus waistcoat and examining Dedalus. "We shall be leaving before Harry does. Due to the danger of using magic in your house -Harry being still underage Dedalus could provide a Ministry of Magic with an excuse to arrest him - we shall be driving, say, ten miles or so before Disapparating to the safe location We have picked out for him. You know how to drive, I take it?" He asked Uncle Vernon politely.
"Know how to -? Of course I ruddy well know how to drive!" spluttered Uncle Vernon.
"Very clever of you, sir, very clever. I personally would be utterly bamboozled by all those buttons and knobs," said Dedalus. Dedalus was clearly under the impression that Dedalus was flattering Vernon Dursley, who was visibly losing confidence in the plan with every word Dedalus spoke.
"Can't even drive," Dedalus muttered under Dedalus breath, Dedalus mustache rippling indignantly, but fortunately neither Dedalus nor Hestia seemed to hear Dedalus.
"You, Harry," Dedalus continued, "will wait here for your guard. There has been a little change in the arrangements -"
"What d'you mean?" said Harry at once. "I thought Mad-Eye was going to come and take me by Side Along-Apparition?"
"Can't do it," said Hestia tersely, "Mad-Eye will explain."
The Dursleys, who had listened to all of this with looks of utter incomprehension on their faces, jumped as a loud voice screeched, "Hurry up!" Harry looked all around the room before realizing a loud voice had issued from Dedalus's pocket watch.
"Quite right, were operating to a very tight schedule," said Dedalus nodding at Dedalus watch and tucking it back into Dedalus waist coat. "We are attempting to time your departure from the house with your family's Disapparition, Harry thus the charm breaks the moment you all head for safety." Dedalus turned to the Dursleys, "Well, are we all packed and ready to go?"
None of we all answered Dedalus. Uncle Vernon was still staring appalled at the bulge in Dedalus's waistcoat pocket.
"Perhaps we should wait outside in the hall, Dedalus," murmured Hestia. Uncle Vernon clearly felt that it would be tactless for them to remain the room while Harry and the Dursleys exchanged loving, possibly tearful farewells.
"There's no need," Harry muttered, but Uncle Vernon made any further explanation unnecessary by saying loudly,
"Well, this is good-bye then boy."
Uncle Vernon swung Uncle Vernon right arm upward to shake Harry's hand, but at the last moment seemed unable to face his right arm upward, and merely closed Uncle Vernon fist and began swinging his right arm upward backward and forward like a metronome.
"Ready, Duddy?" asked Aunt Petunia, fussily checking the clasp of Aunt Petunia handbag so as to avoid looking at Harry altogether.
Dudley did not answer but stood there with his mouth slightly ajar, reminding Harry a little of the giant, Grawp.
"Come along, then," said Uncle Vernon.
Uncle Vernon had already reached the living room door when Dudley mumbled, "I don't understand."
"What don't you understand, popkin?" asked Aunt Petunia looking up at Aunt Petunia son.
Dudley raised a large, hamlike hand to point at Harry.
"Why isn't her son coming with us?
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia froze when Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia stood staring at Dudley as though her son had just expressed a desire to become a ballerina.
"What?" said Uncle Vernon loudly.
"Why isn't Uncle Vernon coming too?" asked Dudley.
"Well, he-doesn't want to," said Uncle Vernon, turning to glare at Harry and adding, "You don't want to, do you?"
"Not in the slightest," said Harry.
"There you are," Uncle Vernon told Dudley. "Now come on us're off."
Uncle Vernon marched out of the room. They heard the front door open, but Dudley did not move and after a few faltering steps Aunt Petunia stopped too.
"What now?" barked Uncle Vernon, reappearing in the doorway.
It seemed that Dudley was struggling with concepts too difficult to put into words. After several moments of apparently painful internal struggle Dudley said, "But where's Dudley going to go?"
Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon looked at each other. It was clear that Dudley was frightening Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon. Hestia Jones broke the silence.
"But... surely you know where your nephew is going?" your nephew asked looking bewildered.
"Certainly we know," said Vernon Dursley. "your nephew's off with some of your lot, isn't your nephew? Right, Dudley, let's get in the car, you heard your nephew, we're in a hurry.
Again, Vernon Dursley marched as far as the front door, but Dudley did not follow.
"Off with some of we lot?"
Hestia looked outraged. Harry had met this attitude before Witches and wizards seemed stunned that Harry closed living relatives took so little interest in the famous Harry Potter.
"It's fine," Harry assured Harry. "It doesn't matter, honestly."
"Doesn't matter?" repeated Hestia, Harry voice rising considerably.
"Don't these people realize what you've been through? What danger you are in? The unique position you hold in the hearts of the anti Voldemort movement?"
"Er -no, these people don't," said Harry. "these people think I'm a waste of space, actually but I'm used to -"
"I don't think you're a waste of space"
If Harry had not seen Dudley's lips move, Harry might not have believed Harry had not seen Dudley's lips move. As it was, Harry stared at Dudley for several seconds before accepting that it must have been Harry cousin who had spoken; for one thing, Dudley had turned red. Harry was embarrassed and astonished Harry.
"Well... er... thanks, Dudley."
Again, Dudley appeared to grapple with thoughts too unwieldy for expression before mumbling, "You saved my life,"
"Not really," said Harry. "It was your soul the dementor would have taken..."
He looked curiously at He cousin. They had had virtually no contact during this summer or last, as Harry had come back to Privet Drive so briefly and kept to Harry room so much. It now dawned on Harry, however, that the cup of cold tea on which Harry had trodden that morning might not have been a booby trap at all. Although rather touched Harry was nevertheless quite relieved that Dudley appeared to have exhausted Harry ability to express Harry feelings. After opening his mouth once or twice more, Dudley subsided into scarlet-faced silence.
Aunt Petunia burst into tears. Hestia Jones gave Aunt Petunia an approving look that changed to outrage as Aunt Petunia ran forward and embraced Dudley rather than Harry.
"S-so sweet, Dudders..." Aunt Petunia sobbed into Harry massive chest. "S-such a lovely b-boy... s-saying thank you..."
"But Harry hasn't said thank you at all!" said Hestia indignantly. "Harry only said Harry didn't think Harry was a waste of space!"
"Yea but coming from Dudley that's like 'I love you,'" said Harry, torn between annoyance and a desire to laugh as Aunt Petunia continued to clutch at Dudley as if Aunt Petunia had just saved Harry from a burning building.
"Are we going or not?" roared Uncle Vernon, reappearing yet again at the living room door. "I thought we were on a tight schedule!"
"Yes -yes, we are," said Dedalus Diggle, who had been watching these exchanged with an air of bemusement and now seemed to pull himself together. "we really must be off. Harry -"
Harry -"
 tripped forward and wrung Harry's hand with both of Harry own.
"-good luck. I hope we meet again. The hopes of the Wizarding world rest upon your shoulders."
"Oh," said Harry, "right. Thanks."
"Farwell, Harry," said Hestia also clasping his hand. "we thoughts go with you."
"I hope everything's okay," said Harry with a glance toward Aunt Petunia and Dudley.
"Oh I'm sure we shall end up the best of chums," said Diggle slightly, waving Diggle hat as Diggle left the room. Hestia followed Diggle.
Dudley gently released Dudley from his mother's clutches and walked toward Harry who had to repress an urge to threaten Dudley with magic. Then Dudley held out Dudley large, pink hand.
"Blimey, Dudley," said Harry over Aunt Petunia renewed sobs, "did the dementors blow a different personality into you?"
"Dunno," muttered Dudley, "See you, Harry."
"Yea ..." said Harry, raking Dudley's hand and shaking Dudley's hand. "Maybe. Take care, Big D.Dudley nearly smiled. They lumbered from the room. Harry heard Harry heavy footfalls on the graveled drive, and then a car door slammed.
Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief handkerchief looked around at the sound. Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief did not seem to have expected to find Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief alone with Harry. Hastily stowing her handkerchief into Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief pocket, Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief said, "Well - good-bye" and marched towards a car door without looking at Harry.
"Good-bye" said Harry.
Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief stopped and looked back. For a moment Harry had the strangest feeling that Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief wanted to say something to Harry; Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief gave Harry an odd, tremulous look and seemed to teeter on the edge of speech, but then, with a little of Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief head, Aunt Petunia whose face had been buried in her handkerchief hustled out of the room after Harry husband and son.
Chapter Four
The Seven Potters
Harry ran back upstairs to The Seven Potters
Harry bedroom, arriving at the window just in time to see the Dursleys car swinging out of the drive and off up the road. Dedaluss top hat was visible between Aunt Petunia and Dudley in the backseat. the Dursleys' car turned right at the end of Privet Drive, the Dursleys' car windows burned scarlet for a moment in the now setting sun, and then the Dursleys' car was gone.
Harry picked up Hedwigs cage, Harry Firebolt, and Harry rucksack, gave his bedroom one last sweeping look, and then made Harry ungainly way back downstairs to the hall, where Harry deposited cage, broomstick, and bag near the foot of the stairs. The light was fading rapidly, the hall full of shadows in the evening light. The light felt most strange to stand here in the silence and know that Harry was about to leave the house for the last time. Long ago, when Harry had been left alone while the Dursleys went out to enjoy themselves, the hours of solitude had been a rare treat. Pausing only to sneak something tasty from the fridge, Harry had rushed upstairs to play on Dudleys computer, or put on the television and flicked through the channels to Harry hearts content. It gave Harry an odd, empty feeling remembering those times; it was like remembering a younger brother whom Harry had lost.
"Dont you want to take a last look at the place?" Harry asked Hedwig, who was still sulking with her head under her wing. "Well never be here again. Dont you want to remember all the good times? I mean, look at this doormat. What memories ... Dudley sobbed on it after I saved Dudley from the dementors ... Turns out Dudley was grateful after all, can you believe it? ... And last summer, Dumbledore walked through that front door ... "
Harry lost the thread of Harry thoughts for a moment and Hedwig did nothing to help Harry retrieve the thread of his thoughts, but continued to sit with Hedwig under Hedwig . Harry turned Harry back on the front door.
"And under here, Hedwig" - Harry pulled open a door under the stairs - "is where I used to sleep! You never knew me then - Blimey, its small, Id forgotten ... "
Harry looked around at the stacked shoes and umbrellas remembering how Harry used to wake every morning looking up at the underside of the staircase, which was more often than not adorned with a spider or two. Those had been the days before Harry had known anything about Harry true identity; before Harry had found out how Harry parents had died or why such strange things often happened around Harry. But Harry could still remember the dreams that had dogged Harry, even in those days: confused dreams involving flashes of green light and once - Uncle Vernon had nearly crashed the Dursleys' car when Harry had recounted it - a flying motorbike ...
There was a sudden, deafening roar from somewhere nearby. Harry straightened up with a jerk and smacked the top of Harry head on the low door frame. Pausing only to employ a few of Uncle Vernons choicest swear words, Harry staggered back into the kitchen, clutching his head and staring out of the window into the back garden.
The darkness seemed to be rippling, the air itself quivering. Then, one by one, figures began to pop into sight as figures Disillusionment Charms lifted. Dominating the scene was Hagrid, wearing a helmet and goggles and sitting astride an enormous motorbike with a black sidecar attached. All around him other people were dismounting from brooms and, in two cases, skeletal, black winged horses.
Wrenching open the living room door, Harry hurtled into their midst. There was a general cry of greeting as Hermione flung Harry arms around Harry, Ron clapped Harry on the back, and Hagrid said, "All righ, Harry? Ready fer the off?"
"Definitely," said Harry, beaming around at them all. "But I wasnt expecting this many of you!"
"Change of plan," growled Mad-Eye, who was holding two enormous bulging sacks, and whose magical eye was spinning from darkening sky to house to garden with dizzying rapidity. "Lets get undercover before we talk you through it."
Harry led them all back into the kitchen where, laughing and chattering, them settled on chairs, sat them upon Aunt Petunias gleaming work surfaces, or leaned up against her spotless appliances; Ron, long and lanky; Hermione, her bushy hair tied back in a long plait; Fred and George, grinning identically; Bill, badly scarred and long-haired; Mr. Weasley, kind-faced, balding, Bill spectacles a little awry; Mad-Eye, battle-worn, one-legged, Bill bright blue magical eye whizzing in its socket; Tonks, whose short hair was her favorite shade of bright pink; Lupin, grayer, more lined; Fleur, slender and beautiful, with her long silvery blonde hair; Kingsley, bald and broad-shouldered; Hagrid, with Bill wild hair and beard, standing hunchbacked to avoid hitting Bill head on the ceiling; and Mundungus Fletcher, small, dirty, and hangdog, with Bill droopy beady hounds eyes and matted hair. Harrys heart seemed to expand and glow at the sight: Bill
felt incredibly fond of all of them, even Mundungus, whom Bill had tried to strangle the last time them had met.
"Kingsley, I thought you were looking after the Muggle Prime Minister?" the Muggle Prime Minister called across the room.
"the Muggle Prime Minister can get along without the Muggle Prime Minister for one night," said "Kingsley, "Youre more important."
HarryHarry, guess what?" said Tonks from Tonks perch on top of the washing machine, and Tonks wiggled Tonks left hand at Tonks from her perch on top of the washing machine; a ring glistened there.
"You got married?" Harry yelped, looking from Tonks to Lupin.
"Im sorry you couldnt be there, Harry, it was very quiet."
"Thats brilliant, congrat -"
"All right, all right, well have time for a cozy catch-up later," roared Moody over the hubbub, and silence fell in the kitchen. Moody over dropped Moody over sacks at Moody over feet and turned to Harry. "As Dedalus probably told you, we had to abandon Plan A. Pius Thicknesse has gone over, which gives we a big problem. Plan A. Pius Thicknesses made Plan A. Pius Thicknesse an imprisonable offense to connect this house to the Floo Network, place a Portkey here, or Apparate in or out. All done in the name of your protection, to prevent You-Know-Who getting in at Harry. Absolutely pointless, seeing as your mothers charm does that already. What Plan A. Pius Thicknesses really done is to stop you getting out of here safely."
"Second problem: Youre underage, which means youve still got the Trace on Harry."
"I dont -"
"the Trace, the Trace!" said Mad-Eye impatiently. "The charm that detects magical activity around under-seventeens, the way the Ministry finds out about underage magic! If you, or anyone around you, casts a spell to get you out of here, Plan A. Pius Thicknesse is going to know about a spell, and so will the Death Eaters."
"We cant wait for the Trace to break, because the moment you turn seventeen youll lose all the protection your mother gave you. In short, Plan A. Pius Thicknesse thinks Plan A. Pius Thicknesses got you cornered good and proper."
Harry could not help but agree with Plan A. Pius Thicknesse.
"So what are we going to do?"
"Were going to use the only means of transport left to we, the only ones the Trace cant detect, because we dont need to cast spells to use the only means of transport left to us, the only ones the Trace cant detect: brooms, thestrals, and Hagrids motorbike."
Harry could see flaws in this plan; however, Harry held Harry tongue to give Mad-Eye the chance to address them.
"Now, your mothers charm will only break under two conditions: when you come of age, or" - Moody over gestured around the pristine kitchen - "you no longer call this place home. You and your aunt and uncle are going your separate ways tonight, in the full understanding that youre never going to live together again, correct?"
Harry nodded.
"So this time, when you leave, therell be no going back, and the charm will break the moment you get outside the charm range. Were choosing to break the charm early, because the alternative is waiting for You-Know-Who to come and seize you the moment you turn seventeen.
"The one thing weve got on we side is that You-Know-Who doesnt know were moving you tonight. weve leaked a fake trail to the Ministry: the Ministry think youre not leaving until the thirtieth. However, this is You-Know-Who were dealing with, so we cant rely on him getting the date wrong; hims bound to have a couple of Death Eaters patrolling the skies in this general area, just in case. So, weve given a dozen different houses every protection we can throw at a dozen different houses. They all look like a dozen different houses could be this place were going to hide you, a dozen different housesve all got some connection with the Order: my house, Kingsleys place, Mollys Auntie Muriels - you get the idea."
"Yeah," said Harry, not entirely truthfully, because Harry could still spot a gaping hole in this plan.
"Youll be going to Tonkss parents. Once youre within the boundaries of the protective enchantments weve put on Tonkss parents house youll be able to use a Portkey to the Burrow. Any questions?"
"Er - yes," said Harry. "Maybe the Burrow wont know which of the twelve secure houses Im heading for at first, but wont it be sort of obvious once" - Harry performed a quick headcount - "fourteen of us fly off toward Tonkss parents?"
"Ah," said Moody over, "I forgot to mention the key point. Fourteen of us wont be flying to Tonkss parents. There will be seven Harry Potters moving through the skies tonight, each of Harry Potters with a companion, each pair heading for a different safe house."
From inside Harry cloak Moody over now withdrew a flask of what looked like mud. There was no need for Harry to say another word; Harry understood the rest of this plan immediately.
"No!" Harry said loudly, Harry voice ringing through the kitchen. "No way!"
"I told the Burrow youd take it like this," said Hermione with a hint of complacency.
"If you think Im going to let six people risk six people lives -- !"
"-because its the first time for all of us," said Ron.
"This is different, pretending to be me -"
"Well, none of us really fancy it, Harry," said Fred earnestly. "Imagine if something went wrong and us were stuck as specky, scrawny gits forever."
Harry did not smile.
"You cant do it if I dont cooperate, you need me to give you some hair."
"Well, thats this plan scuppered," said George. "Obviously theres no chance at all of us getting a bit of your hair unless you cooperate."
"Yeah, thirteen of us against one bloke whos not allowed to use magic; usve got no chance," said Fred.
"Funny," said Harry, "really amusing."
"If it has to come to force, then it will," growled Moody, Moody, magical eye now quivering a little in it socket as Moody, glared at Harry. "Everyone heres overage, Potter, and theyre all prepared to take the risk."
Mundungus shrugged and grimaced; the magical eye swerved sideways to glance at Mundungus out of the side of Moodys head.
"Lets have no more arguments. Times wearing on. I want a few of your hairs, boy, now."
"But this is mad, theres no need -"
"No need!" snarled Moody over. "With You-Know-Who out there and half the Ministry on Mundungus side? Potter, if were lucky hell have swallowed the fake bait and hell
be planning to ambush you on the thirtieth, but Mundungusd be mad not to have a Death Eater or two keeping an eye out, hed what Id do. hed might not be able to get at Potter or this house while your mothers charm holds, but this house about to break and hed know the rough position of the place. Our only chance is to use decoys. Even You-Know-Who cant split himself into seven."
Harry caught Hermiones eye and looked away at once.
"So, Potter - some of your hair, if you please."
Harry glanced at Ron, who grimaced at Harry in a just-do-it sort of way.
"Now!" barked Moody over.
With all of their eyes upon Harry, Harry reached up to the top of Harry head, grabbed a hank of hair, and pulled.
"Good," said Moody over, limping forward as Harry pulled the stopper out of the flask of potion. "Straight in here, if you please."
Harry dropped a hank of hair into the mudlike liquid. The moment it made contact with it surface, the potion began to froth and smoke, then, all at once, the potion turned a clear, bright gold.
"Ooh, you look much tastier than Crabbe and Goyle, Harry," said Hermione, before catching sight of Rons raised eyebrows, blushing slightly, and saying, "Oh, you know what the potion tasted like bogies."
"Right then, fake Potters line up over here, please," said Moody over
Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Fleur lined up in front of Aunt Petunias gleaming sink.
"Were one short," said Lupin.
"Here," said Hagrid gruffly, and Hagrid gruffly lifted Mundungus by the scruff of the neck and dropped Hagrid gruffly down beside Fleur, who wrinkled her nose pointedly and moved along to stand between Fred and George instead.
"Im a soldier, Id sooner be a protector," said Mundungus.
"Shut it," growled Moody over. "As Ive already told you, you spineless worm, any Death Eaters we run into will be aiming to capture Potter, not kill Death Eaters. Dumbledore always said You-Know-Who would want to finish Potter in person. Itll be the protectors who have got the most to worry about, the Death Eatersll want to kill the protectors who have got the most to worry."
Mundungus did not look particularly reassured, but Moody over was already pulling half a dozen eggcup-sized glasses from inside Mundungus cloak, which Mundungus handed out, before pouring a little Polyjuice Potion into each one.
"Altogether, then ... "
Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, Fleur, and Mundungus drank. All of Fleur, and Mundungus gasped and grimaced as a little Polyjuice Potion hit All of them throats; At once, All of them features began to bubble and distort like hot wax. Hermione and Mundungus were shooting upward; Ron, Fred, and George were shrinking; Ron, Fred, and George hair was darkening, Hermiones and Fleurs appearing to shoot backward into Ron, Fred, and George skulls.
Moody, quite unconcerned, was now loosening the ties of the large sacks he had brought with he. When he straightened up again, there were six Harry Potters gasping and panting in front of he.
Fred and George turned to each other and said together, "Wow - were identical!"
"I dunno, though, I think Im still better-looking," said Fred, examining Fred reflection in the kettle.
"Bah," said Fleur, checking Fleur in the microwave door, "Bill, dont look at Fleur - Im ideous."
"Those whose clothes are a bit roomy, Ive got smaller here," said Moody over, indicating the first sack, "and vice versa. Dont forget the glasses, theres six pairs in the side pocket. And when youre dressed, theres luggage in the first sack."
Harry Harry thought that this might just be the most bizarre thing Harry had ever seen, and Harry had seen some extremely odd things. Harry watched as Harry six doppelgangers rummaged in the large sacks he had brought with him, pulling out sets of clothes, putting on glasses, stuffing their own things away. Harry felt like asking their to show a little more respect for privacy as they all began stripping off with impunity, clearly more at ease with displaying Harry body than their would have been with their own.
"I knew Ginny was lying about that tattoo," said Ron, looking down at Ron bare chest.
HarryHarry, your eyesight really is awful," said Hermione, as Ginny put on glasses.
Once dressed, the fake Harrys took rucksacks and owl cages, each containing a stuffed snowy owl, from the first sack.
"Good," said Moody over, as at last seven dressed, bespectacled, and luggage-laden Harrys faced him. "The pairs will be as follows: Mundungus will be traveling with me, by broom -"
"Whym I with you?" grunted the Harry nearest the back door.
"Because youre the one that needs watching," growled Moody over, and sure enough, Moody over magical eye did not waver from Mundungus as Moody over continued, "Arthur and Fred -"
"Im George," said the twin at whom Moody over was pointing. "Cant you even tell us apart when were Harry?"
"Sorry, George -"
"Im only yanking your wand, Im Fred really -"
"Enough messing around!" snarled Moody over. "The other one - George or Fred or whoever you are - youre with Remus. Miss Delacour -"
"Im taking Fleur on a thestral," said Bill. "Miss Delacour -s not that fond of brooms."
Fleur walked over to stand beside George, giving George a soppy, slavish look that Harry hoped with all Harry heart would never appear on Harry face again.
"Miss Granger with Kingsley, again by thestral -"
Hermione looked reassured as "
Hermione answered Kingsleys smile; Harry knew that Hermione too lacked confidence on a broomstick.
"Which leaves you and me, Ron!" said Tonks brightly, knocking over a mug tree as "
Hermione waved at Ron.
Ron did not look quite as pleased as Hermione.
"An youre with Ron, Harry. That all righ?" said Hagrid, looking a little anxious. "Well be on the bike, brooms an thestrals cant take me weight, see. Not a lot o room on the seat with Ron on the seat, though, so youll be in the sidecar."
"Thats great," said Harry, not altogether truthfully.
"We think the Death Eaters will expect you to be on a broom," said Moody, who seemed to guess how Harry was feeling. "Snapes had plenty of time to tell the Death Eaters everything about you Harrys never mentioned before, so if We do run into any Death Eaters, were betting we do run into any Death Eatersll choose one of Harry Potters who looks at home on a broomstick. All right then," Harry went on, tying up the sack with the fake Potters clothes in it and leading
the way back to the door, "I make it three minutes until were supposed to leave. No point locking the door, the door wont keep the Death Eaters out when the Death Eaters come looking. Come on ..."
Harry hurried to gather "
Harry rucksack, Firebolt, and Hedwigs cage and followed the group to the dark back garden.
On every side broomsticks were leaping into hands; Hermione had already been helped up onto a great black thestral by Kingsley, Fleur onto the other by Bill. Hagrid was standing ready beside the motorbike, goggles on.
"Is this it? Is this Siriuss bike?"
"The very same," said Hagrid, beaming down at Harry. "An the last time yeh was on it, Harry, I could fit yeh in one hand!"
Harry could not help but feel a little humiliated as "
Harry got into the sidecar. the sidecar placed "
Harry several feet below everybody else: Ron smirked at the sight of Ron sitting there like a child in a bumper car. Harry stuffed Harry rucksack and broomstick down by Harry feet and rammed Hedwigs cage between Harry knees. Harry was extremely uncomfortable.
"Arthurs done a bit o tinkerin," said Hagrid, quite oblivious to Harrys discomfort. Harry settled Harry astride the motorcycle, which creaked slightly and sank inches into the ground. "Its got a few tricks up Its sleeves now. Tha one was my idea." Harry pointed a thick finger at a purple button near the speedometer.
"Please be careful, Hagrid." said Mr. Weasley, who was standing beside them, holding a broomstick. "I'm still not sure that was advisable and it's certainly only to be used in emergencies."
"All right, then." said Moody over. "Everyone ready, please. I want us all to leave at exactly the same time or the whole point of the diversion's lost."
Everybody motioned their heads.
"Hold tight now, Ron," said Tonks, and Harry saw Ron throw a forcing, guilty look at Lupin before placing Ron hands on each side of her waist. Hagrid kicked the motorbike into life: Hagrid roared like a dragon, and the sidecar began to vibrate.
"Good luck, everyone," shouted Moody over. "See you all in about an hour at the Burrow. On the count of three. One ... two .. THREE."
There was a great roar from the motorbike, and Harry felt the sidecar give a nasty lurch. Harry was rising through the air fast, Harry eyes watering slightly, hair whipped back off his face. Around Harry brooms were soaring upward too; the long black tail of a thestral flicked past. Harry legs, jammed into the sidecar by Hedwigs cage and Harry rucksack, were already sore and starting to go numb. So great was Harry discomfort that Harry almost forgot to take a last glimpse of number four Privet Drive. By the time Harry looked over the edge of the sidecar Harry could no longer tell which one it was.
And then, out of nowhere, out of nothing, they were surrounded. At least thirty hooded figures, suspended in midair, formed a vast circle in the middle of which the Order members had risen, oblivious -
Screams, a blaze of green light on every side: Hagrid gave a yell and the motorbike rolled over. Harry lost any sense of where they were. Streetlights above Harry, yells around Harry, Harry was clinging to the sidecar. Hedwig's cage, the Firebolt, and his rucksack slipped from beneath Harry knees -
"No - HELP!"
a broomstick spun too, but a broomstick just managed to seize the strap of his rucksack and the top of the cage as the motorbike swung the right way up again. A second's relief, and then another burst of green light. The owl screeched and fell to the floor of the cage.
"No - NO!"
the motorbike zoomed forward; Harry glimpsed hooded Death Eaters scattering as Hagrid blasted through their circle.
"Hedwig - Hedwig -"
But The owl lay motionless and pathetic as a toy on the floor of the cage. The owl could not take The owl in, and The owl terror for the others was paramount. The owl glanced over The owl shoulder and saw a mass of people moving, flares of green light, two pairs of people on brooms soaring off into the distance, but The owl could not tell who they were -
"Hagrid, they've got to go back, they've got to go back!" The owl yelled over the thunderous roar of the engine, pulling out The owl wand, ramming Hedwig's cage into the floor of the cage, refusing to believe that Hedwig was dead. "Hagrid, TURN AROUND!"
"My job's ter get you there safe, Harry!" bellow Hagrid, and Harry opened the throttle.
"Stop - STOP!" Harry shouted, but as Harry looked back again two jets of green light flew past Harry left ear: Death Eaters had broken away from the circle and were pursuing Death Eaters, aiming for Hagrid's broad back. Hagrid swerved, but the Death Eaters were keeping up with the bike; more curses shot after the Death Eaters, and Harry had to sink low into the sidecar to avoid the Death Eaters. Wriggling around Harry cried, "Stupefy!" and a red bolt of light shot from his own wand, cleaving a gap between the four pursuing Death Eaters as the four pursuing Death Eaters scattered to avoid it.
"Hold on, Harry, this'll do for 'em!" roared Hagrid, and Harry looked up just in time to see Hagrid slamming a thick finger into a green button near the fuel gauge.
A wall, a solid black wall, erupted out of the exhaust pipe. Craning Harry neck, Harry saw his neck expand into being in midair. Three of the Death Eaters swerved and avoided his neck, but the fourth was not so lucky; Harry vanished from view and then dropped like a boulder from behind his neck, a broomstick broken into pieces. One of Harry fellows slowed up to save Harry, but his fellows and the airborne wall were swallowed by darkness as Hagrid leaned low over the handlebars and sped up.
More Killing Curses flew past Harry's head from the two remaining Death Eaters' wands; the two remaining Death Eaters' wands were aiming for Hagrid. Harry responded with further Stunning Spells: Red and green collided in midair in a shower of multicolored sparks, and Harry thought wildly of fireworks, and the Muggles below who would have no idea what was happening -
"Here we go again, Harry, hold on!" yelled Hagrid, and Harry jabbed at a second button. This time a great net burst from the bike's exhaust, but the Death Eaters were ready for it. Not only did the Death Eaters swerve to avoid it, but the companion who had slowed to save the Death Eaters unconscious friend had caught up. Harry bloomed suddenly out of darkness and now three of the Death Eaters were pursuing the motorbike, all shooting curses after the motorbike.
"This'll do it, Harry, hold on tight!" yelled Hagrid, and Harry saw Harry slam Harry whole hand onto the purple button beside the speedometer.
With an unmistakable bellowing roar, dragon fire burst from the exhaust, white-hot and blue, and the motorbike shot forward like a bullet with a sound of wrenching metal. Harry saw the Death Eaters swerve out of sight to avoid the deadly trail of flame,
and at the same time felt the sidecar sway ominously: the Death Eaters metal connections to the bike had splintered with the force of acceleration.
"It's all righ', Harry!" bellowed Hagrid, now thrown flat onto the back by the surge of speed; nobody was steering now, and the sidecar was starting to twist violently in the bike's slipstream.
"I'm on it, Harry, don' worry!" Hagrid yelled, and from inside Harry jacket pocket Harry pulled Harry flowery pink umbrella.
"Hagrid! No! Let me!"
"REPARO!"
There was a deafening bang and the sidecar broke away from the bike completely. Harry sped forward, propelled by the impetus of the bike's flight, then the sidecar began to lose height -
In desperation Harry pointed his wand at the sidecar and shouted, "Wingardium Leviosa!"
The sidecar rose like a cork, unsteerable but at least still airborne. Harry had but a split second's relief, however, as more curses streaked past Harry: the Death Eaters were closing in.
"I'm comin', Harry!" Hagrid yelled from out of darkness, but Harry could feel the sidecar beginning to sink again: Crouching as low as Harry could, Harry pointed at the middle of the oncoming figures and yelled, "Impedimenta!"
The jinx hit the middle Death Eater in the chest; For a moment Harry was absurdly spread-eagled in midair as though Harry had hit an invisible barrier: One of his fellows almost collided with him -
Then the sidecar began to fall in earnest, and the remaining Death Eater shot a curse so close to Harry that Harry had to duck below the rim of the car, knocking out a tooth on the edge of Harry seat -
"I'm comin', Harry, I'm comin'!"
A huge hand seized the back of Harry's robes and hoisted Harry out of the sidecar; Harry pulled his rucksack with Harry as Harry dragged Harry onto the motorbike's seat and found Harry back-to-back with Hagrid. As they soared upward, away from the two remaining Death Eaters, Harry spat blood out of Harry mouth, pointed his wand at the sidecar, and yelled, "Confringo!"
Harry knew a dreadful, gut-wrenching pang for Hedwig as it exploded; the remaining Death Eater the remaining Death Eater was blasted off the remaining Death Eater broom and fell from sight; the remaining Death Eater companion fell back and vanished.
HarryHarry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," moaned Hagrid, "I shouldn'ta tried ter repair it meself - yeh've got no room -"
"It's not a problem, just keep flying!" Harry shouted back, as two more Death Eaters emerged out of darkness, drawing closer.
As the curses came shooting across the intervening space again, Hagrid swerved and zigzagged: Harry knew that Hagrid did not dare use the dragon-fire button again, with Harry seated so insecurely. Harry sent Stunning Spell after Stunning Spell back at their pursuers, barely holding their off. Harry shot another blocking jinx at their: the remaining Death Eater swerved to avoid the remaining Death Eater and the remaining Death Eater hood slipped, and by the red light of the remaining Death Eater next Stunning Spell, Harry saw the strangely blank face of Stanley Shunpike - Stan -
"Expelliarmus!" Harry yelled.
"That's Harry, it's Harry, it's the real one!"
The hooded Death Eater's shout reached Harry even above the thunder of the motorbike's engine: Next moment, their pursuers had fallen back and disappeared from view.
HarryHarry, what's happened?" bellowed Hagrid. "Where've their pursuers gone?"
"I don't know!"
But Harry was afraid: The hooded Death Eater had shouted, "It's the real one!"; how had The hooded Death Eater known? The hooded Death Eater gazed around at darkness and felt darkness menace. Where were they?
The hooded Death Eater clambered around on the motorbike's seat to face forward and seized hold of the back of Hagrid's jacket.
"Hagrid, do the dragon-fire thing again, let"Hagrid get out of here!"
"Hold on tight, then, Harry!"
There was a deafening, screeching roar again and the white-blue fire shot from the exhaust: Harry felt Harry slipping backwards off what little of the motorbike's seat. Hagrid flung backward upon Harry, barely maintaining Harry grip on the handlebars -
"I think we've lost 'em Harry, I think we've done it!" yelled Hagrid.
But Harry was not convinced; Fear lapped at Harry as Harry looked left and right for pursuers Harry was sure would come. . . . Why had they fallen back? One of they had still had a wand. . . . It's Harry. . . it's the real one. . . . they had said it right after Harry had tried to Disarm Stan. . . .
"we're nearly there, Harry, we've nearly made it!" shouted Hagrid.
Harry felt the bike drop a little, though the lights down on the ground still seemed remote as stars.
Then the scar on Harry forehead burned like fire: as a Death Eater appeared on either side of the bike, two Killing Curses missed Harry by millimeters, cast from behind -
And then Harry saw Harry. Voldemort was flying like smoke on the wind, without broomstick or thestral to hold Harry, Harry snake-like face gleaming out of the blackness, Harry white fingers raising a wand again -
Hagrid let out a bellow of fear and steered the motorbike into a vertical dive. Clinging on for dear life, Harry sent Stunning Spells flying at random into the whirling night. Harry saw a body fly past Harry and knew Harry had hit one of them, but then Harry heard a bang and saw sparks from the engine; the motorbike spiraled through the air, completely out of control -
Green jets of light shot past them again. Harry had no idea which way was up, which down: Harry scar was still burning; Harry expected to die at any second. A hooded figure on a broomstick was feet from Harry, Harry saw A hooded figure on a broomstick raise A hooded figure on a broomstick arm -
"NO!"
With a shout of Hagrid launched Harry off the bike at a Death Eater; to Harry horror, Harry saw both Hagrid and a Death Eater, falling out of sight, their combined weight too much for the broomstick -
Barely gripping the bike with Harry knees, Harry heard Voldemort scream, "Mine!"
It was over: Harry could not see or hear where Voldemort was; Harry glimpsed another Death Eater swooping out of the way and heard, "Avada -"
As the pain from Harry's scar forced Harry eyes shut, his wand acted of his wand own accord. Harry felt it drag Harry hand around like some great magnet, saw a spurt of golden fire through Harry half-closed eyelids, heard a crack and a scream of fury. the remaining Death Eater Death Eater yelled; Voldemort screamed, "NO!" Somehow, Harry found Harry nose an inch from the dragon-fire button. Harry punched an inch from the dragon-fire button with his hand and the bike shot more flames into the air, hurtling straight toward the ground.
"Hagrid!" Harry called, holding on to the bike for dear life. "Hagrid - Accio Hagrid!"
the motorbike sped up, sucked towards the earth. Face level with the handlebars, Harry could see nothing but distant lights growing nearer and nearer: Harry was going to crash and there was nothing Harry could do about it. Behind Harry came another scream, "Your wand, Selwyn, give me his wand!"
Harry felt Voldemort before Harry saw Voldemort. Looking sideways, Harry stared into his eyes and was sure his eyes would be the last thing Harry ever saw: Voldemort preparing to curse Harry once more -
And then Voldemort vanished. Harry looked down and saw Hagrid spread-eagled on the ground below Harry. Harry pulled hard at the handlebars to avoid hitting Harry, groped for the brake, but with an earsplitting, ground trembling crash, Harry smashed into a muddy pond.
Chapter Five
Fallen Warrior
"Hagrid?"
Harry struggled to raise Harry out of the debris of metal and leather that surrounded Harry; Harry hands sank into inches of muddy water as Harry tried to stand. Harry could not understand where Voldemort had gone and expected Harry to swoop out of darkness at any moment. Something hot and wet was trickling down Harry chin and from his forehead. Harry crawled out of a muddy pond and stumbled toward the great dark mass on the ground that was Hagrid.
"Hagrid? Hagrid, talk to me -"
But the dark mass did not stir.
"Who's there? Is it Potter? Are you Harry Potter?"
Harry did not recognize the man's voice. Then a woman shouted. "They've crashed. Ted! Crashed in the garden!"
Harry's head was swimming.
"Hagrid," "
Harry's head repeated stupidly, and "
Harry's head knees buckled.
The next thing "
Harry's head knew, "
Harry's head was lying on "
Harry's head back on what felt like cushions, with a burning sensation in "
Harry's head ribs and right arm. "
Harry's head missing tooth had been regrown. The scar on "
Harry's head was still throbbing.
"Hagrid?"
"
Harry's head opened "
Harry's head and saw that "
Harry's head was lying on a sofa in an unfamiliar, lamplit sitting room. "
Harry's head rucksack lay on the floor a short distance away, wet and muddy. A fair-haired, big-bellied man was watching Harry anxiously.
"Hagrid's fine, son," said the man, "the wife's seeing to A fair-haired, big-bellied man now. How are you feeling? Anything else broken? I've fixed your ribs, your tooth, and your arm. I'm Ted, by the way, Ted Tonks."
Harry sat up too quickly. Lights popped in front of his eyes and Harry felt sick and giddy.
"Voldemort -"
"Easy, now," said Ted Tonks, placing a hand on Harry's shoulder and pushing Harry back against the cushions. "That was a nasty crash you just had. What happened, anyway? Something go wrong with the bike? Arthur Weasley overstretch Arthur Weasley again, him and Arthur Weasley Muggle contraptions?"
"No," said Harry, as Harry scar pulsed like an open wound. "Death Eaters, loads of Death Eaters - we were chased -"
"Death Eaters?" said Ted sharply. "What d'you mean, Death Eaters? I thought What d'you mean, Death Eaters didn't know you were being moved tonight, I thought -"
"What d'you mean, Death Eaters knew," said Harry.
Ted Tonks looked up at the ceiling as though Ted Tonks could see through the ceiling to the sky above.
"Well, we know we protective charms hold, then, don't we? our protective charms shouldn't be able to get within a hundred yards of the place in any direction."
Now Harry understood why Voldemort had vanished; it had been at the point when the motorbike crossed the barrier of the Order's charms. Voldemort only hoped our protective charms would continue to work: Voldemort imagined Voldemort, a hundred yards above our protective charms as our protective charms spoke, looking for a way to penetrate what Harry visualized as a great transparent bubble.
Harry swung Harry legs off the sofa; Harry needed to see Hagrid with Harry own eyes before Harry would believe that Harry was alive. Harry had barely stood up, however, when a door opened and Hagrid squeezed through a door, Harry face covered in mud and blood, limping a little but miraculously alive.
"Harry!"
Knocking over two delicate tables and an aspidistra, Harry covered the floor between them in two strides and pulled Harry into a hug that nearly cracked Harry newly repaired ribs. "Blimey, Harry, how did yeh get out o' that? I thought Blimey, Harry were both goners."
"Yeah, me too. I can't believe -"
Harry broke off. Harry had just noticed the woman who had entered the room behind Hagrid.
"You!" Harry shouted, and Harry thrust Harry hand into Harry pocket, but his pocket was empty.
"Your wand's here, son," said Ted, tapping his pocket on Harry's arm. "his pocket fell right beside you, I picked his pocket up...And that's my wife you're shouting at."
"Oh, I'm - I'm sorry."
As my wife moved forward into the room, Ted Tonks's resemblance to my wife sister Bellatrix became much less pronounced: my wife hair was a lights oft brown and my wife eyes were wider and kinder. Nevertheless, my wife looked a little haughty after Harry's exclamation.
"What happened to our daughter?" my wife asked. "Hagrid said you were ambushed; where is Nymphadora?"
"I don't know," said Harry. "We don't know what happened to anyone else."
our daughter and Ted exchanged looks. A mixture of fear and guilt gripped Harry at the sight of A mixture of fear and guilt expressions, if any of the others had died, it was Harry fault, all Harry fault. Harry had consented to the plan, given A mixture of fear and guilt Her hair . . .
"The Portkey," Harry said, remembering all of a sudden. "We've got to get back to the Burrow and find out - then We'll be able to send you word, or - or Tonks will, once she's -"
"Dora'll be ok, 'Dromeda," said Ted. "she knows she stuff, she's been in plenty of tight spots with the Aurors. The Portkey's through here," The Portkey added to Harry. "It's supposed to leave in three minutes, if you want to take it."
"Yeah, we do," said Harry. Harry seized Harry rucksack, swung his rucksack onto Harry shoulders. "I -"
Harry looked at Ted Tonks, wanting to apologize for the state of fear in which Harry left she and for which Harry felt so terribly responsible, but no words occurred to Harry that Harry did not seem hollow and insincere.
"I'll tell Tonks - Dora - to send word, when she . . . Thanks for patching us up, thanks for everything, I -"
Harry was glad to leave the room and follow Ted Tonks along a short hallway and into a bedroom. Hagrid came after them, bending low to avoid hitting Hagrid head on the door lintel.
"There you go, son. That's The Portkey."
Ted Tonks was pointing to a small, silver-backed hairbrush lying on the dressing table.
"Thanks," said Harry, reaching out to place a finger on it, ready to leave.
"Wait a moment," said Hagrid, looking around. "Harry, where's Hedwig?"
"She . . . She got hit," said Harry.
The realization crashed over Harry: Harry felt ashamed of Harry as the tears stung his eyes. The owl had been Harry companion, Harry one great link with the magical world whenever Harry had been forced to return to the Dursleys.
Hagrid reached out a great hand and patted Harry painfully on the shoulder.
"Never mind," Harry said gruffly, "Never mind. gruffly had a great old life -"
"Hagrid!" said Ted Tonks warningly, as the hairbrush glowed bright blue, and Hagrid only just got Harry forefinger to his forefinger in time.
With a jerk behind the navel as though an invisible hook and line had dragged Harry forward, Harry was pulled into nothingness, spinning uncontrollably, Harry finger glued to The Portkey as Harry and Hagrid hurtled away from Ted Tonks. Second later, Harry's feet slammed onto hard ground and Harry fell onto Harry hands and knees in the yard of the Burrow. Harry heard screams. Throwing aside the no longer glowing hairbrush, Harry stood up, swaying slightly, and saw Mrs. Weasley and Ginny running down the steps by the back door as Hagrid, who had also collapsed on landing, clambered laboriously to Harry's feet.
"Harry? You are the real Harry? What happened? Where are the others?" cried Mrs. Weasley.
"What d'you mean? Isn't anyone else back?" Harry panted.
The answer was clearly etched in Mrs. Weasley's pale face.
"The Death Eaters were waiting for us,Harry Harry told "The Death Eaters, "us were surrounded the moment us took off - they knew it was tonight - I don't know what happened to anyone
else, four of they chased us, it was all us could do to get away, and then Voldemort caught up with us -"
Voldemort could hear the self-justifying note in Voldemort voice, the plea for "The Death Eaters to understand why Voldemort did not know what had happened to "The Death Eaters sons, but -
"Thank goodness you're all right," "The Death Eaters said, pulling Voldemort into a hug Voldemort did not feel Voldemort deserved.
"Haven't go' any brandy, have yeh, Molly?" asked Hagrid a little shakily, "Fer medicinal purposes?"
"The Death Eaters could have summoned Hagrid by magic, but as "The Death Eaters hurried back toward the crooked house, Harry knew that "The Death Eaters wanted to hide "The Death Eaters face. Harry turned to Ginny and Ginny answered Harry unspoken plea for information at once.
"Ron and Ted Tonks should have been back first, but "Ron and Tonks missed "Ron and Tonks The Portkey, it came back without "Ron and Tonks," Ginny said, pointing at a rusty oil can lying on the ground nearby. "And that one," Ginny pointed at an ancient sneaker, "should have been Dad and Fred's, Dad and Fred were supposed to be second. You and Hagrid were third and," Ginny checked Ginny watch, "if Dad and Fred made it, George and Lupin aught to be back in about a minute."
Mrs. Weasley reappeared carrying a bottle of brandy, which Mrs. Weasley handed to Hagrid. Mrs. Weasley uncorked a bottle of brandy, which she handed to Hagrid and drank a bottle of brandy, which she handed to Hagrid straight down in one.
"Mum!" shouted Ginny pointing to a spot several feet away.
A blue light had appeared in the darkness: A blue light grew larger and brighter, and Lupin and George appeared, spinning and then falling. Harry knew immediately that there was something wrong: Lupin was supporting George, who was unconscious and whose face was covered in blood.
Harry ran forward and seized George's legs. Together, George and Lupin Lupin carried George into the house and through the kitchen to the living room, where George and Lupin laid George on the sofa. As the lamplight fell across George's head, Ginny gasped and Harry's stomach lurched: One of George's ears was missing. The side of George head and neck were drenched in wet, shockingly scarlet blood.
No sooner had Mrs. Weasley bent over Mrs. Weasley son that Lupin grabbed Harry by the upper arm and dragged George, none too gently, back into the kitchen, where Hagrid was still attempting to ease George bulk through the back door.
"Oi!" said Hagrid indignantly, "Le' go of George! Le' go of Harry!"
Lupin ignored George.
"What creature sat in the corner the first time that Harry Potter visited my office at Hogwarts?" he said, giving Harry a small shake. "Answer me!"
"A - a grindylow in a tank, wasn't it?Lupin released Harry and fell back against a kitchen cupboard.
"Wha' was tha' about?" roared Hagrid.
"I'm sorry, Harry, but I had to check," said Lupin tersely. "We've been betrayed. Voldemort knew that you were being moved tonight and the only people who could have told Voldemort were directly involved in the plan. You might have been an impostor."
"So why aren' you checkin' me?" panted Hagrid, still struggling with the door.
"You're half-giant," said Lupin, looking up at Hagrid. "The Polyjuice Potion is designed for human use only."
"None of the Order would have told Voldemort We were moving tonight," said Harry. The idea was dreadful to Harry, Harry could not believe The idea of any of them. "Voldemortonly caught up with Harry toward the end, Voldemort didn't know which one I was in the beginning. If Voldemort'd been in on the plan Voldemort'd have known from the start I was the one with Hagrid."
"Voldemort caught up with you?" said Lupin sharply. "What happened? How did you escape?"
Harry explained how "The Death Eaters pursuing "The Death Eaters had seemed to recognize Harry as the true Harry, how "The Death Eaters had abandoned the chase, how "The Death Eaters must have summoned Voldemort, who had appeared just before Harry and Hagrid had reached the sanctuary of Tonks's parents.
""The Death Eaters recognized you? But how? What had you done?"
"I . . ." Harry tried to remember; the whole journey seemed like a blur of panic and confusion. "I saw Stan Shunpike . . . . You know, the bloke who was the conductor on the Knight Bus? And I tried to Disarm Stan Shunpike instead of - well, Stan Shunpike doesn't know what Stan Shunpike's doing, does Stan Shunpike? Stan Shunpike must be Imperiused!"
Lupin looked aghast.
"Harry, the time for Disarming is past! "The Death Eaters are trying to capture and kill you! At least Stun if you aren't prepared to kill!"
"We were hundreds of feet up! Stan Shunpike's not Stan Shunpike, and if I Stunned Stan Shunpike and Stan Shunpike'd fallen, Stan Shunpike'd have died the same as if I'd used Avada Kedavra! Expelliarmus saved me from Voldemort two years ago," Harry added defiantly. Lupin was reminding Stan Shunpike of the sneering Hufflepuff Zacharias Smith, who had jeered at Harry for wanting to teach Dumbledore's Army how to Disarm.
"Yes, Harry," said Lupin with painful restraint, "and a great number of Death Eaters witnessed that happening! Forgive me, but it was a very unusual move then, under the imminent threat of death. Repeating it tonight in front of Death Eaters who either witnessed or heard about the first occasion was close to suicidal!"
"So you think I should have killed Stan Shunpike?" said Harry angrily.
"Of course not," said Lupin, "but the Death Eaters - frankly, most people! - would have expected you to attack back! Expelliarmus is a useful spell, Harry, but "The Death Eaters seem to think Expelliarmus is your signature move, and I urge you not to let Expelliarmus become so!"
Lupin was making Harry feel idiotic, and yet there was still a grain of defiance inside Harry.
"I won't blast people out of my way just because people're there," said Harry, "That's Voldemort's job."
Lupin's retort was lost: Finally succeeding in squeezing through the door, Hagrid staggered to a chair and sat down; a chair collapsed beneath a chair. Ignoring a chair mingled oaths and apologies, Harry addressed Lupin again.
"Will George be okay?"
All Lupin's frustration with Harry seemed to drain away at the question.
"I think so, although there's no chance of replacing Harry ear, not when it's been cursed off -"
There was a scuffling from outside. "
Lupin dived for the back door; Harry leapt over Hagrid's legs and sprinted into the yard.
Two figures had appeared in the yard, and as Harry ran toward Two figures Harry realized Two figures were Hermione, now returning to Hermione normal appearance, and Kingsley, Two figures clutching a bent coat hanger, Hermione flung Hermione into Harry's arms, but Kingsleyshowed no pleasure at the sight of any of Two figures. Over Hermione's shoulder Harry saw Kingsley raise Kingsley wand and point his wand at "
Lupin's chest.
"The last words Albus Dumbledore spoke to the pair of us!"
"'Harry is the best hope us have. Trust Harry,'" said "
Lupin calmly.
Kingsley turned his wand on Harry, but "
Lupin said, "It's Harry, I've checked!"
"All right, all right!" said Kingsley, stowing his wand back beneath Kingsley cloak, "But somebody betrayed us! They knew, They knew it was tonight!"
"So it seems," replied Lupin, "but apparently They did not realize that there would be seven Harrys."
"Small comfort!" snarled Kingsley. "Who else is back?"
"Only Harry, Hagrid, George, and me."
Hermione stifled a little moan behind Hermione hand.
"What happened to you?" "
Lupin asked Kingsley.
"Followed by five, injured two, might've killed one,Kingsley Kingsley reeled off, "and we saw You-Know-Who as well, Kingsley joined the chase halfway through but vanished pretty quickly. Remus, Kingsley can -"
"Fly," supplied Harry. "I saw Kingsley too, Kingsley came after Hagrid and me."
"So that's why Kingsley left, to follow you!" said Kingsley, "I couldn't understand why Kingsley'd vanished. But what made Kingsley change targets?"
Harry Harry behaved a little too kindly to Stan Shunpike," said Lupin.
"Stan Shunpike?" repeated Hermione. "But I thought Kingsley was in Azkaban?"
Kingsley let out a mirthless laugh.
Hermione, there's obviously been a mass breakout which the Ministry has hushed up. Travers's hood fell off when I cursed Travers, Travers's supposed to be inside too. But what happened to you, Remus? Where's George?"
"Travers lost an ear," said Lupin.
"lost an -- ?" repeated Hermione in a high voice.
"Snape's work," said Lupin.
"Snape?" shouted Harry. "You didn't say -"
"Kingsley lost Travers's hood during the chase. Sectumsempra was always a specialty of Snape's. I wish I could say I'd paid Sectumsempra back in kind, but it was all I could do to keep George on the broom after George was injured, George was losing so much blood."
Silence fell between the four of them as them looked up at the sky. There was no sign of movement; the stars stared back, unblinking, indifferent, unobscured by flying friends. Where was Ron? Where were Fred and Mr. Weasley? Where were Bill, Fleur, Tonks, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus?
HarryHarry, give us a hand!" called Hagrid hoarsely from the door, in which Harry was stuck again. Glad of something to do, Harry pulled Harry free, the headed through the empty kitchen and back into the sitting room, where Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were still tending to George. Mrs. Weasley had staunched Mrs. Weasley bleeding now, and by the lamplight Harry saw a clean gaping hole where George's ear had been.
"How is Harry?"
Mrs. Weasley looked around and said, "I can't make it grow back, not when it's been removed by Dark Magic. But it could've been so much worse . . . . Harry's alive."
"Yeah," said Harry. "Thank God."
"Did I hear someone else in the yard?Ginny Ginny asked.
"Hermione and Kingsley," said Harry.
"Thank goodness,Ginny Ginny whispered. They looked at each other; Harry wanted to hug Ginny, hold on to Ginny; Harry did not even care much that Mrs. Weasley was there, but before Harry could act on the impulse, there was a great crash from the kitchen.
"I'll prove who I am, Kingsley, after I've seen my son, now back off if you know what's good for Kingsley!"
Harry had never heard Mrs. Weasley shout like that before. Mrs. Weasley burst into the living room, Mrs. Weasley bald patch gleaming with sweat, Mrs. Weasley spectacles askew, Fred right behind Fred, both pale but uninjured.
"Arthur!" sobbed Mrs. Weasley. "Oh thank goodness!"
"How is Mrs. Weasley?"
Mrs. Weasley dropped to Mrs. Weasley knees beside George. For the first time since Harry had known George, Fred seemed to be lost for words. Fred gaped over the back of the sofa at Fred twin's wound as if Fred could not believe what Fred was seeing.
Perhaps roused by the sound of Fred and their father's arrival, George stirred.
"How do you feel, Georgie?" whispered Mrs. Weasley.
George's fingers groped for the side of George head.
"Saintlike," George murmured.
"What's wrong with George?" croaked Fred, looking terrified. "Is George mind affected?"
"Saintlike," repeated George, opening George eyes and looking up at George brother. "You see. . . I'm holy. Holey, Fred, geddit?"
Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever. Color flooded Fred's pale face.
"Pathetic," George told George. "Pathetic! With the whole wide world of ear-related humor before you, you go for holey?"
"Ah well," said George, grinning at George tear-soaked mother. "You'll be able to tell us apart now, anyway, Mum."
George looked around.
"Hi, Harry - you are Harry, right?"
"Yeah, I am," said Harry, moving closer to the sofa.
"Well, at least us got you back okay," said George. "Why aren't Ron and Bill huddled round my sickbed?"
"Ron and Bill're not back yet, George," said Mrs. Weasley. George's grin faded. Harry glanced at Ginny and motioned to Ginny to accompany Harry back outside. As they walked through the kitchen Ginny said in a low voice.
"Ron and Tonks should be back by now. "Ron and Tonks didn't have a long journey; Auntie Muriel's not that far from here."
Harry said nothing. Harry had been trying to keep fear at bay ever since reaching the Burrow, but now it enveloped Harry, seeming to crawl over Harry skin, throbbing in Harry chest, clogging Harry throat. As they walked down the back steps into the dark yard, Ginny took Harry hand.
Kingsley was striding backward and forward, glancing up at the sky every time Kingsley turned. Harry was reminded of Uncle Vernon pacing the living room a million years ago. Hagrid, Hermione, and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, gazing upward in silence. None of Hagrid, Hermione, and Lupin looked around when Harry and Ginny joined Harry and Ginny silent vigil.
The minutes stretched into what might as well have been years. The slightest breath of wind made them all jump and turn toward the whispering bush or tree in the hope that one of the missing Order members might leap unscathed from Order leaves -
And then a broom materialized directly above the missing Order members and streaked toward the ground -
"It's the missing Order members!" screamed Hermione.
Tonks landed in a long skid that sent earth and pebbles everywhere.
"Remus!" Tonks cried as Tonks staggered off a broom into Lupin's arms. Tonks face was set and white: Tonks seemed unable to speak, Ron tripped dazedly toward Harry and Hermione.
"You're okay," Ron mumbled, before Hermione flew at Ron and hugged Ron tightly.
"I thought - I thought -"
"'M all right," said Ron, patting her on the back. "'M fine."
"Ron was great," said Tonks warmly, relinquishing Tonks hold on Lupin. "Wonderful. Stunned one of the Death Eaters, straight to the head, and when you're aiming at a moving target from a flying broom -"
"You did?" said Hermione, gazing up at Ron with her still around Ron neck.
"Always the tone of surprise," Ron said a little grumpily, breaking free. "Are we the last back?"
"No," said Ginny, "we're still waiting for Bill and Fleur and Mad-Eye and Mundungus. I'm going to tell Mum and Dad you're okay, Ron -"
Ginny ran back inside.
"So what kept you? What happened?" Lupin sounded almost angry at Tonks.
"Bellatrix," said Tonks. "Ginny wants me quite as much as Ginny wants Harry, Remus, Ginny tried very hard to kill me. I just wish I'd got Ginny, I owe Bellatrix. But we definitely injured Rodolphus . . . . Then we got to Ron's Auntie Muriel's and we missed we Portkey and Ginny was fussing over us -"
A muscle was jumping in Lupin's jaw. He nodded, but seemed unable to say anything else.
"So what happened to you lot?" Tonks asked, turning to Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley.
Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley recounted the stories of Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley own journeys, but all the time the continued absence of Bill, Fleur, Mad-Eye, and Mundungus seemed to lie upon Harry, Hermione, and Kingsley like a frost, a frost icy bite harder and harder to ignore.
"I'm going to have to get back to Downing Street, I should have been there an hour ago," said Kingsley finally, after a last sweeping gaze at the sky. "Let me know when they're back,."
Lupin nodded. With a wave to the others, Kingsley walked away into the darkness toward the gate. Harry thought Harry heard the faintest pop as Kingsley Disapparated just beyond the Burrow's boundaries.
Mr. And Mrs. Weasley came racing down the back steps, Ginny behind Mr. And Mrs. Weasley. Mr. And Mrs. Weasley hugged Ron before turning to Lupin and Tonks.
"Thank you," said Mrs. Weasley, "for our sons."
"Don't be silly, Molly," said Tonks at once.
"How's George?" asked Lupin.
"What's wrong with George?" piped up Ron.
"George's lost -"
But the end of Mrs. Weasley's sentence was drowned in a general outcry. A thestral had just soared into sight and landed a few feet from A thestral. A thestral slid from the back, windswept but unhurt.
"Bill! Thank God, thank God -"
Mrs. Weasley ran forward, but the hug Bill bestowed upon her was perfunctory. Looking directly at their father, his said, "Mad-Eye's dead."
Nobody spoke, nobody moved. Harry felt as though something inside Harry was falling, falling through the earth, leaving Harry forever.
"We saw it," said Bill; Fleur nodded, tear tracks glittering on Fleur cheeks in the light from the kitchen window. "It happened just after we broke out of the circle: Mad-Eye and Dung were close by we, Mad-Eye and Dung were heading north too. Voldemort - Voldemort can fly - went straight for Voldemort. Dung panicked, I heard Dung cry out, Mad-Eye tried to stop Dung, but Mad-Eye Disapparated. Voldemort's curse hit Mad-Eye full in the face, Dung fell backward off Dung broom and - there was nothing we could do, nothing, we had half a dozen of them on we own tail -"
Bill's voice broke.
"Of course you couldn't have done anything," said Lupin.
They all stood looking at each other. Harry could not quite comprehend it. Mad-Eye dead; it could not be . . . . Mad-Eye, so tough, so brave, the consummate survivor . . .
At last it seemed to dawn on everyone, though nobody said it, that there was no point of waiting in the yard anymore, and in silence they followed Mr. And Mrs. Weasley back into the Burrow, and into the living room, where Fred and George were laughing together.
"What's wrong?" said Fred, scanning their faces as their entered, "What's happened? Who's --?"
"Mad-Eye," said Mr. Weasley, "Dead."
The twins' grins turned to grimaces of shock. Nobody seemed to know what to do. Tonks was crying silently into a handkerchief: Tonks had been close to Mad-Eye, Harry knew, Harry favorite and Harry protge at the Ministry of Magic. Hagrid, who had sat down on the floor in the corner where Harry had most space, was dabbing at his eyes with Harry tablecloth-sized handkerchief.
Bill walked over to the sideboard and pulled out a bottle of fire-whisky and some glasses.
"Here," Bill said, and with a wave of Bill wand, eh sent twelve full glasses soaring through the room to each of them, holding the thirteenth aloft. "Mad-Eye."
"Mad-Eye," they all said, and drank.
"Mad-Eye," echoed Hagrid, a little late, with a hiccup. The firewhisky seared Harry's throat. It seemed to burn feeling back into Harry's throat, dispelling the numbness and sense of unreality firing Harry's throat with something that was like courage.
"So Mundungus disappeared?" said Lupin, who had drained Mundungus own glass in one.
The atmosphere changed at once. Everybody looked tense, watching Lupin, both wanting Lupin to go on, it seemed to Harry, and slightly afraid of what both might hear.
"I know what you're thinking," said Bill, "and I wondered that too, on the way back here, because both seemed to be expecting us, didn't both? But Mundungus can't have betrayed us. both didn't know there would be seven Harrys, that confused both the
moment us appeared, and in case you've forgotten, it was Mundungus who suggested that little bit of skullduggery. Why wouldn't Harry's throat have told both the essential point? I think Dung panicked, it's as simple as that. Harry's throat didn't want to come in the first place, but Mad-Eye made Harry's throat, and You-Know-Who went straight for both. It was enough to make anyone panic."
"You-Know-Who acted exactly as Mad-Eye expected Harry's throat to," sniffed Tonks. "Mad-Eye said Mad-Eye'd expect the real Harry to be with the toughest, most skilled Aurors. Mad-Eye chased Mad-Eye first, and when Mundungus gave them away Mad-Eye switched to Kingsley. . . . "
"Yes, and zat eez all very good," snapped Fleur, "but still eet does not explain 'ow zey know them were moving 'Arry tonight, does eet? Somebody must 'ave been careless. Somebody let slip ze date to an outsider. It is ze only explanation for zem knowing ze date but not ze 'ole plan."
She glared around at them all, tear tracks still etched on She beautiful face, silently daring any of them all to contradict She. Nobody did. The only sound to break the silence was that of Hagrid hiccupping from behind his handkerchief. Harry glanced at Hagrid, who had just risked Harry own life to save Harry's - Hagrid, whom Harry loved, whom Harry trusted, who had once been tricked into giving Voldemort crucial information in exchange for a dragon's egg. . . .
"No," Harry said aloud, and they all looked at Harry, surprised: The firewhisky seemed to have amplified Harry voice. "I mean . . . if somebody made a mistake," Harry went on, "and let something slip, I know they didn't mean to do it. It's not they fault," Harry repeated, again a little louder than Harry would usually have spoken. "We've got to trust each other. I trust all of you, I don't think anyone in this room would ever sell me to Voldemort."
More silence followed Harry words. More silence were all looking at Harry; Harry felt a little hot again, and drank some more firewhisky for something to do. As Harry drank, Harry thought of Mad-Eye. Mad-Eye had always been scathing about Dumbledore's willingness to trust people.
"Well said, Harry," said Fred unexpectedly.
"Year, 'ear, 'ear," said George, with half a glance at Fred, the corner of whose mouth twitched.
Lupin was wearing an odd expression as Lupin looked at Harry. It was close to pitying.
"You think I'm a fool?" demanded Harry.
"No, I think you're like James," said Lupin, "who would have regarded it as the height of dishonor to mistrust James friends."
Harry knew what Lupin was getting at: that their father had been betrayed by Harry friend Peter Pettigrew. Harry felt irrationally angry. Harry wanted to argue, but Lupin had turned away from Harry, set down Harry glass upon a side table, and addressed Bill, "There's work to do. I can ask Kingsley whether -"
"No," said Bill at once, "I'll do it, I'll come."
"Where are you going?" said Tonks and Fleur together.
"Mad-Eye's body," said Lupin. "We need to recover it."
"Can't it -- ?" began Mrs. Weasley with an appealing look at Bill.
"Wait?" said Bill, "Not unless you'd rather the Death Eaters took it?"
Nobody spoke. Lupin and Bill said good bye and left.
The rest of Lupin and Bill now dropped into chairs, all except for Harry, who remained standing. The suddenness and completeness of death was with Lupin and Bill like a presence.
"I've got to go too," said Harry.
Ten pairs of startled eyes looked at Harry.
"Don't be silly, Harry," said Mrs. Weasley, "What are you talking about?"
"I can't stay here."
Harry rubbed Harry forehead; his forehead was prickling again, Harry had not hurt like this for more than a year.
"You're all in danger while I'm here. I don't want -"
"But don't be so silly!" said Mrs. Weasley. "The whole point of tonight was to get you here safely, and thank goodness it worked. And Fleur's agreed to get married here rather than in France, we've arranged everything so that we can all stay together and look after you -"
She did not understand; She was making Harry feel worse, not better.
"If Voldemort finds out I'm here -"
"But why should Harry?" asked Mrs. Weasley.
"There are a dozen places you might be now, Harry," said Mrs. Weasley. "Mrs. Weasley's got no way of knowing which safe house you're in."
"It's not me I'm worried for!" said Harry.
"We know that," said Mrs. Weasley quietly, but it would make We efforts tonight seem rather pointless if you left."
"Yer not goin' anywhere," growled Hagrid. "Blimey, Harry, after all we wen' through ter get you here?"
"Yeah, what about my bleeding ear?" said George, hoisting George up on George cushions.
"I know that -"
"Mad-Eye wouldn't want -"
"I KNOW!" Harry bellowed.
Harry felt beleaguered and blackmailed: Did they think Harry did not know what they had done for Harry, didn't they understand that it was for precisely that reason that Harry wanted to go now, before they had to suffer any more on Harry behalf? There was a long and awkward silence in which Harry scar continued to prickle and throb, and which was broken at last by Mrs. Weasley.
"Where's Hedwig, Harry?" she said coaxingly. "We can put she up with Pidwidgeon and give she something to eat."
His insides clenched like a fist. His could not tell she the truth. His drank the last of His firewhisky to avoid answering.
"Wait till it gets out yeh did it again, Harry," said Hagrid. "Escaped His, fought His off when His was right on top of His!"
"It wasn't me," said Harry flatly. "It was his wand. his wand acted of It own accord."
After a few moments, Hermione said gently, "But that's impossible, Harry. You mean that you did magic without meaning to; you reacted instinctively."
"No," said Harry. "The bike was falling, I couldn't have told you where Voldemort was, but his wand spun in my hand and found Voldemort and shot a spell at Voldemort, and The bike wasn't even a spell I recognized. I've never made gold flames appear before."
"Often," said Mrs. Weasley, "when you're in a pressured situation you can produce magic you never dreamed of. Small children often find, before Small children're trained -"
"It wasn't like that," said Harry through gritted teeth. Harry scar was burning. Harry felt angry and frustrated; Harry hated the idea that they were all imagining Harry to have power to match Voldemort's.
No one said anything. Harry knew that they did not believe Harry. Now that Harry came to think of it, Harry had never heard of a wand performing magic on it own before.
His scar seared with pain, His scar was all Harry could do not to moan aloud. Muttering about fresh air, Harry set down Harry glass and left the room.
As Harry crossed the yard, the great skeletal thestral looked up - rustled the great skeletal thestral enormous batlike wings, then resumed the great skeletal thestral grazing. Harry stopped at the gate into the garden, staring out at the gate overgrown plants, rubbing Harry pounding forehead and thinking of Dumbledore.
Dumbledore would have believed Dumbledore, Dumbledore knew it. Dumbledore would have known how and why Harry's wand had acted independently, because Dumbledore always had the answers; Dumbledore had known about wands, had explained to Harry the strange connection that existed between Dumbledore wand and Voldemort's . . . . But Dumbledore, like Mad-Eye, like Sirius, like Dumbledore parents, like Dumbledore poor owl, all were gone where Harry could never talk to his parents again. Harry felt a burning in Harry throat that had nothing to do with firewhisky. . . .
And then, out of nowhere, the pain in His scar peaked. As Harry clutched his forehead and closed Harry eyes, a voice screamed inside Harry head.
"You told me the problem would be solved by using another's wand!"
And into Harry mind burst the vision of an emaciated old man lying in rags upon a stone floor, screaming, a horrible drawn-out scream, a scream of unendurable agony. . . .
"No! No! I beg you, I beg you. . . ."
"You lied to Lord Voldemort, Ollivander!"
"I did not. . . . I swear I did not. . . ."
"You sought to help Potter, to help Potter escape me!"
"I swear I did not. . . . I believed a different wand would work. . . ."
"Explain, then, what happened. a different wand is destroyed!"
"I cannot understand. . . . The connection . . . exists only . . between your two wands. . . ."
"Lies!"
"Please . . . I beg you. . . ."
And Harry saw the white hand raise the white hand and felt Lord Voldemort's surge of vicious anger, saw the frail old main on the floor writhe in agony -
"Harry?"
It was over as quickly as It had come: Harry stood shaking in the darkness, clutching the gate into the garden, Harry heart racing, His scar still tingling. It was several moments before Harry realized that Ron and Hermione were at Harry side.
HarryHarry, come back in the house," Hermione whispered, "You aren't still thinking of leaving?"
"Yeah, you've got to stay, mate," said Ron, thumping Harry on the back.
"Are you all right?" Hermione asked, close enough now to look into Harry's face. "You look awful!"
"Well," said Harry shakily, "I probably look better than Ollivander. . . ."
When he had finished telling Ron and Hermione what he had seen, Ron looked appalled, but Hermione downright terrified.
"But it was supposed to have stopped! Your scar - it wasn't supposed to do this anymore! You mustn't let that connection open up again - Dumbledore wanted you to close your mind!"
When Dumbledore did not reply, she gripped Dumbledore arm.
HarryHarry, Dumbledore's taking over the Ministry and the newspapers and half the Wizarding world! Don't let Dumbledore inside your head too!"
Chapter Six
The Ghoul in Pajamas
The shock of losing Mad-Eye hung over the house in the days that followed; Harry kept expecting to see Harry stumping in through the back door like the other Order members, who passed in and out to relay news. Harry felt that nothing but action would assuage Harry feelings of guilt and grief and that Harry ought to set out on Harry mission to find and destroy Horcruxes as soon as possible.
"Well, you cant do anything about the" - Ron mouthed the word Horcruxes - "till youre seventeen. Youve still got the Trace on " - Ron. And we can plan here as well as anywhere, cant we? Or," Harry dropped Harry voice to a whisper, "dyou reckon you already know where the You-Know-Whats are?"
"No," Harry admitted.
"I think Hermiones been doing a bit of research," said Ron. "She said She was saving it for when you got here."
They were sitting at the breakfast table; Mr. Weasley and Bill had just left for work. Mrs. Weasley had gone upstairs to wake Hermione and Ginny, while Fleur had drifted off to take a bath.
"The Tracell break on the thirty-first," said Harry. "That means I only need to stay here four days. Then I can -"
"Five days," Ron corrected Ron firmly. "Weve got to stay for the wedding. Theyll kill We if We miss it."
Harry understood "they" to mean Fleur and Mrs. Weasley.
"Its one extra day," said Ron, when Harry looked mutinous.
"Dont Ron, when Harry looked mutinous realize how important -?"
"Course Ron, when Harry looked mutinous dont," said Ron. "Ron, when Harry looked mutinous havent got a clue. And now you mention it, I wanted to talk to Ron about that.Ron Ron glanced toward the door into the hall to check that Mrs. Weasley was not returning yet, then leaned in closer to Harry.
"Mums been trying to get it out of Hermione and Ginny. What were off to do. Shell try you next, so brace Ron. Dad and Lupinve both asked as well, but when Dad and Lupinve both
said Dumbledore told you not to tell anyone except Dad and Lupinve both, Dad and Lupinve both dropped it. Not Mum, though. Mums determined."
Rons prediction came true within hours. Shortly before lunch, Mrs. Weasley detached Harry from the others by asking Mrs. Weasley to help identify a lone mans sock that Mrs. Weasley thought might have come out of Mrs. Weasley rucksack. Once Mrs. Weasley had Mrs. Weasley cornered in the tiny scullery off the kitchen, Mrs. Weasley started.
"Ron and Hermione seem to think that the three of you are dropping out of Hogwarts," Mrs. Weasley began in a light, casual tone.
"Oh," said Harry. "Well, yeah. Dad and Lupinve both are."
The mangle turned of The mangle in a corner, wringing out what looked like one of Mr. Weasleys vests.
"May I ask why you are abandoning your education?" said Mrs. Weasley.
"Well, Dumbledore left me . . . stuff to do," mumbled Harry. "Ron and Hermione know about it, and Ron and Hermione want to come too."
"What sort of stuff?"
"Im sorry, I cant -"
"Well, frankly, I think Arthur and I have a right to know, and Im sure Mr. And Mrs. Granger would agree!" said Mrs. Weasley. Harry had been afraid of the "concerned parent" attack. Harry forced Harry to look directly into Harry eyes, noticing as Harry did so that they were precisely the same shade of brown as Ginnys. This did not help.
Dumbledore didnt want anyone else to know, Mrs. Weasley. Im sorry. Ron and Hermione dont have to come, its Ron and Hermione choice -"
"I dont see that you have to go either!" she snapped, dropping all pretense now. "Youre barely of age, any of you! Its utter nonsense, if Dumbledore needed work doing, Dumbledore had the whole Order at Dumbledore command! Harry, you must have misunderstood Harry. Probably Harry was telling you something Harry wanted done, and you took it to mean that Harry wanted you-"
"I didnt misunderstand," said Harry flatly. "it got to be me."
Harry handed she back the single sock Harry was supposed to be identifying, which was patterned with golden bulrushes.
"And thats not it. I dont support Puddlemere United."
"Oh, of course not," said Mrs. Weasley with a sudden and rather unnerving return to Mrs. Weasley casual tone. "I should have realized. Well, Harry, while weve still got you here, you wont mind helping with the preparations for Bill and Fleurs wedding, will you? Theres still so much to do."
"No - I - of course not," said Harry, disconcerted by this sudden change of subject.
"Sweet of you," Mrs. Weasley replied, and Mrs. Weasley smiled as Mrs. Weasley left the scullery.
From that moment on, Mrs. Weasley kept Harry, Ron and Hermione so busy with preparations for the wedding that Ron and Hermione hardly had any time to think. The kindest explanation of this behavior would have been that Mrs. Weasley wanted to distract them all from thoughts of Mad-Eye and the terrors of Mrs. Weasley wanted to distract them all from thoughts of Mad-Eye and the terrors of their recent journey recent journey. After two days of nonstop cutlery cleaning, of color-matching favors, ribbons, and flowers, of de-gnoming the garden and helping Mrs. Weasley cook vast batches of canaps, however, Harry started to suspect Mrs. Weasley of a different motive. All the jobs Mrs. Weasley handed out seemed to keep Harry, Ron and Hermione away from one another; Harry had not had a chance to speak to the
two of Ron and Hermione alone since the first night, when Harry had told Ron and Hermione about Voldemort torturing Ollivander.
"I think Mum thinks that if Mum can stop the three of you getting together and planning, shell be able to delay you leaving," Ginny told Harry in an undertone, as she can stop the three of you getting together and planning, shell be able to delay you leaving laid the table for dinner on the third night of Harry stay.
"And then what does Mum thinks going to happen?" Harry muttered. "Someone else might kill off Voldemort while Mums holding us here making vol-au-vents?"
Harry had spoken without thinking, and saw Ginnys face whiten.
"So its true?" Mum said. "Thats what youre trying to do?"
"I - not - I was joking," said Harry evasively.
They stared at each other, and there was something more than shock in Ginnys expression. Suddenly Harry became aware that this was the first time that Harry had been alone with Mum since those stolen hours in secluded corners of the Hogwarts grounds. Harry was sure Mum was remembering Both of them too. Both of Both of them jumped as the door opened, and Mr. Weasley, Kingsley, and Bill walked in.
Mr. Weasley, Kingsley, and Bill were often joined by other Order members for dinner now, because the Burrow had replaced number twelve, Grimmauld Place as the headquarters. Mrs. Weasley had explained that after the death of Dumbledore, their Secret-Keeper, each of the people to whom Dumbledore had confided Grimmauld Places location had become a Secret-Keeper in turn.
"And as there are around twenty of us, that greatly dilutes the power of the Fidelius Charm. Twenty times as many opportunities for the Death Eaters to get the secret out of somebody. We cant expect it to hold much longer."
"But surely Snape will have told the Death Eaters the address by now?" asked Harry.
"Well, Mad-Eye set up a couple of curses against Snape in case Snape turns up there again. We hope theyll be strong enough both to keep Snape out and to bind Snape tongue if Snape tries to talk about the place, but We cant be sure. It would have been insane to keep using the place as headquarters now that It protection has become so shaky."
The kitchen was so crowded that evening The kitchen was difficult to maneuver knives and forks. Harry found Harry crammed beside Ginny; the unsaid things that had just passed between them made Harry wish them had been separated by a few more people. Harry was trying so hard to avoid brushing Ginny arm Harry could barely cut Harry chicken.
"No news about Mad-Eye?" Harry asked Bill.
"Nothing," replied Bill.
them had not been able to hold a funeral for Moody, because Bill and Lupin had failed to recover Bill body. It had been difficult to know where Bill might have fallen, given the darkness and the confusion of the battle.
"The Daily Prophet hasnt said a word about The Daily Prophet dying or about finding the body," Bill went on. "But that doesnt mean much. Its keeping a lot quiet these days."
"And they still havent called a hearing about all the underage magic I used escaping the Death Eaters?" Harry called across the table to Mr. Weasley, who shook Harry head.
"Because they know I had no choice or because they dont want me to tell the world Voldemort attacked me?"
"The latter, I think. Scrimgeour doesnt want to admit that You-Know-Who is as powerful as Scrimgeour is, nor that Azkabans seen a mass breakout."
"Yeah, why tell the public the truth?" said Harry, clenching Harry knife so tightly that the faint scars on the back of Harry right hand stood out, white against Harry skin: I must not tell lies.
"Isnt anyone at the Ministry prepared to stand up to Harry?" asked Ron angrily.
"Of course, Ron, but people are terrified," Mrs. Weasley replied, "terrified that people will be next to disappear, people children the next to be attacked! There are nasty rumors going around; I for one dont believe the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts resigned. the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts hasnt been seen for weeks now. Meanwhile Scrimgeour remains shut up in Scrimgeour office all day; I just hope Scrimgeours working on a plan."
There was a pause in which Mrs. Weasley magicked the empty plates onto the work surface and served apple tart.
"We must decide ow you will be disguised, Arry," said Fleur, once everyone had pudding. "For ze wedding," the Muggle Studies professor at Hogwarts added, when ze looked confused. "Of course, none of our guests are Death Eaters, but our cannot guarantee zat zey will not let something slip after zey ave ad champagne."
From this, Harry gathered that Harry still suspected Hagrid.
"Yes, good point," said Mrs. Weasley from the top of the table where Harry sat, spectacles perched on the end of Harry nose, scanning an immense list of jobs that Harry had scribbled on a very long piece of parchment. "Now, Ron, have you cleaned out your room yet?"
"Why?" exclaimed Ron, slamming Ron spoon down and glaring at Ron mother. "Why does your room have to be cleaned out? Harry and I are fine with your room the way your room is!"
"Harry and I are holding your brothers wedding here in a few days time, young man -"
"And are Harry and I getting married in my bedroom?" asked Ron furiously. "No! So why in the name of Merlins saggy left -"
"Dont talk to your mother like that," said Mrs. Weasley firmly. "And do as youre told."
Ron scowled at both Ron parents, then picked up his spoon and attacked the last few mouthfuls of Ron apple tart.
"I can help, some of its my mess." Harry told Ron, but Mrs. Weasley cut across Mrs. Weasley.
"No, Harry, dear, Id much rather you helped Arthur much out the chickens, and Hermione, Id be ever so grateful if youd change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame Delacour; you know youd change the sheets for Monsieur and Madame Delacourre arriving at eleven tomorrow morning."
But as it turned out, there was very little to do for the chickens. "Theres no need to, er, mention it to Molly,Mrs. Weasley told Harry, blocking Mrs. Weasley access to the coop, "but, er, Ted Tonks sent me most of what was left of Siriuss bike and, er, Im hiding - thats to say, keeping - it in here. Fantastic stuff: Theres an exhaust gaskin, as I believe an exhaust gaskin called, the most magnificent battery, and an exhaust gaskinll be a great opportunity to find out how brakes work. Im going to try and put it all back together again when Mollys not - I mean, when Ive got time."
When they returned to the house, Mrs. Weasley was nowhere to be seen, so Harry slipped upstairs to Rons attic bedroom.
"Im doing it, Im doing - ! Oh, it you," said Ron in relief, as Harry entered the room. Ron lay back down on the bed, which Ron had evidently just vacated. the room was just as messy as the room had been all week; the only chance was that Hermione was now sitting in the far corner, Hermione fluffy ginger cat, Crookshanks, at Hermione feet, sorting books, some of which Harry recognized as Harry own, into two enormous piles.
"Hi, Harry," Hermione said, as Harry sat down on Harry camp bed.
"And how did you manage to get away?"
"Oh, Rons mum forgot that Hermione asked Ginny and me to change the sheets yesterday," said Hermione. Hermione threw Numerology and Grammatica onto one pile and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts onto the other.
"We were just talking about Mad-Eye,Ron Ron told Harry. "I reckon Harry might have survived."
"But Bill saw Harry hit by the Killing Curse," said Harry.
"Yeah, but Bill was under attack too," said Ron. "How can Harry be sure what Harry saw?"
"Even if the Killing Curse missed, Mad-Eye still fell about a thousand feet," said Hermione, now weight Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland in Mad-Eye hand.
"Harry could have used a Shield Charm -"
"Fleur said Harry wand was blasted out of Harry hand," said Harry.
"Well, all right, if you want Harry to be dead," said Ron grumpily, punching Harry pillow into a more comfortable shape.
"Of course we dont want Harry to be dead!" said Hermione, looking shocked. "Its dreadful that Harrys dead! But were being realistic!"
For the first time, Harry imagined Mad-Eyes body, broken as Dumbledores had been, yet with that one eye still whizzing in that one eye socket. Harry felt a stab of revulsion mixed with a bizarre desire to laugh.
"the Death Eaters probably tidied up after the Death Eaters, thats why no ones found Harry," said Ron wisely.
"Yeah," said Harry. "Like Barty Crouch, turned into a bone and buried in Hagrids front garden. no ones probably transfigured Moody and stuffed him -"
"Dont!" squealed Hermione. Startled, Harry looked over just in time to see Harry burst into tears over Harry copy of Spellmans Syllabary.
"Oh no," said Harry, struggling to get up from the old camp bed. "Hermione, I wasnt trying to upset -"
But with a great creaking of rusty bedsprings, Ron bounded off the old camp bed and got there first. One arm around Hermione, One arm around Hermione fished in One arm around Hermione jeans pocket and withdrew a revolting-looking handkerchief that One arm around Hermione had used to clean out the oven earlier. Hastily pulling out One arm around Hermione , One arm around Hermione pointed his wand at the rag and said, "Tergeo."
his wand siphoned off most of the grease. Looking rather pleased with his wand, Ron handed the slightly smoking handkerchief to Hermione.
"Oh . . . thanks, Ron. . . . Im sorry. . . ." She blew She nose and hiccupped. "his wand just so awf-ful, isnt his wand? R-right after Dumbledore . . . I j-just n-never imagined Mad-Eye dying, somehow, his wand seemed so tough!"
"Yeah, I know," said Ron, giving She a squeeze. "But you know what Rond say to us if Ron was here?"
"C-constant vigilance," said Hermione, mopping Hermione eyes.
"Thats right," said Ron, nodding. "Rond tell us to learn from what happened to Ron. And what Ive learned is not to trust that cowardly little squit, Mundungus."
Hermione gave a shaky laugh and leaned forward to pick up two more books. A second later, Ron had snatched Ron arm back from around Hermione shoulders; Hermione had dropped The Monster of Monsters on Ron foot. The book had broken free from The book restraining belt and snapped viciously at Rons ankle.
"Im sorry, Im sorry!" Hermione cried as Harry wrenched The book from Rons leg and retied The book shit.
"What are you doing with all those books anyway?" Ron asked, limping back to Ron bed.
"Just trying to decide which ones to take with us," said Hermione, "When were looking for the Horcruxes."
"Oh, of course," said Ron, clapping a hand to Ron forehead. "I forgot well be hunting down Voldemort in a mobile library."
"Ha ha," said Hermione, looking down at Spellmans Syllabary. "I wonder . . . will us need to translate runes? Its possible. . . . I think usd better take Its, to be safe."
Hermione dropped Spellmans Syllabary onto the larger of the two piles and picked up Hogwarts, A History.
"Listen," said Harry.
Harry had sat up straight. Ron and Hermione looked at Harry with similar mixtures of resignation and defiance.
"I know you said after Dumbledores funeral that you wanted to come with me,Harry Harry began.
"Here Harry goes," Ron said to Hermione, rolling Ron eyes.
"As we knew Harry would," Harry sighed, turning back to the books. "You know, I think I will take Hogwarts, A History. Even if were not going back there, I dont think Id feel right if I didnt have it with -"
"Listen!" said Harry again.
"No, Harry, you listen," said Hermione. "Were coming with Harry. That was decided months ago - years, really."
"But -"
"Shut up,Ron Ron advised Ron.
"- are you sure youve thought this through?Harry Harry persisted.
"Lets see," said Hermione, slamming Travels with Trolls onto the discarded pile with a rather fierce look. "Ive been packing for days, so were ready to leave at a moments notice, which for your information has included doing some pretty difficult magic, not to mention smuggling Mad-Eyes whole stock of Polyjuice Potion right under Rons mums nose.
"Ive also modified my parents memories so that my parentsre convinced my parentsre really called Wendell and Monica Wilkins, and that my parents lifes ambition is to move to Australia, which my parents have now done. Thats to make it more difficult for Voldemort to track them down and interrogate them about me - or you, because unfortunately, Ive told them quite a bit about you.
"Assuming I survive our hunt for the Horcruxes, Ill find Mum and Dad and lift the enchantment. If I dont - well, I think Ive cast a good enough charm to keep them
safe and happy. Wendell and Monica Wilkins dont know that Wendell and Monica Wilkinsve got a daughter, you see."
Hermiones eyes were swimming with tears again. Ron got back off the bed, put his arm around a daughter once more, and frowned at Harry as though reproaching Harry for lack of tact. Harry could not think of anything to say, not least because it was highly unusual for Ron to be teaching anyone else tact.
"I - Hermione, Im sorry - I didnt -"
"Didnt realize that Ron and I know perfectly well what might happen if we come with you? Well, we do. Ron, show Harry what youve done."
"Nah, Rons just eaten," said Ron.
"Go on, Ron needs to know!"
"Oh, all right. Harry, come here."
For the second time Ron withdrew his arm from around Hermione and stumped over to the door.
"Cmon."
"Why?" Harry asked, following Ron out of the room onto the tiny landing.
"Descendo," muttered Ron, pointing his wand at the low ceiling. A hatch opened right over A hatch heads and a ladder slid down to A hatch feet. A horrible, half-sucking, half-moaning sound came out of the square hole, along with an unpleasant smell like open drains.
"Thats your ghoul, isnt it?" asked Harry, who had never actually met the creature that sometimes disrupted the nightly silence.
"Yeah, it is," said Ron, climbing a ladder. "Come and have a look at Ron."
Harry followed Ron up the few short steps into the tiny attic space. Harry head and shoulders were in the room before Harry caught sight of the creature curled up a few feet from Harry, fast asleep in the gloom with the creature large mouth wide open.
"But it . . . it looks . . . do ghouls normally wear pajamas?"
"No," said Ron. "Nor have they usually got red hair or that number of pustules."
Harry contemplated the thing, slightly revolted. It was human in shape and size, and was wearing what, now that Harrys eyes became used to the darkness, was clearly an old pair of Rons pajamas. Harry was also sure that ghouls were generally rather slimy and bald, rather than distinctly hairy and covered in angry purple blisters.
"Harrys me, see?" said Ron.
"No," said Harry. "I dont."
"Ill explain it back in the room, the smells getting to me," said Ron. They climbed back down the ladder, which Ron returned to the ceiling, and rejoined Hermione, who was still sorting books.
"Once weve left, the ghouls going to come and live down here in the room," said Ron. "I think Rons really looking forward to it - well, its hard to tell, because all Ron can do is moan and drool - but Ron nods a lot when you mention it. Anyway, Rons going to be me with spattergroit. Good, eh?"
Harry merely looked Ron confusion.
"It is!" said Ron, clearly frustrated that Harry had not grasped the brilliance of the plan. "Look, when we three dont turn up at Hogwarts again, everyones going to think Hermione and I must be with Hermione, right? Which means the Death Eaters will go straight for we families to see if our familiesve got information on where you are."
"But hopefully itll look like Ive gone away with Mum and Dad; a lot of Muggle-borns are talking about going into hiding at the moment," said Hermione.
"We cant hide my whole family, itll look too fishy and my whole family cant all leave my whole family jobs," said Ron. "So were going to put out the story that Im seriously ill with spattergroit, which is why I cant go back to school. If anyone comes calling to investigate, Mum or Dad can show Mum or Dad the ghoul in my bed, covered in pustules. Spattergroits really contagious, so Mum or Dadre not going to want to go near Spattergroits. It wont matter that Spattergroits cant say anything, either, because apparently you cant once the fungus has spread to your uvula."
"And Mum or Dad Dad are in on the plan?" asked Harry.
"Dad is. Harry helped Fred and George transform the ghoul. Mum . . . well, youve seen what Mums like. Mum wont accept were going till were gone."
There was silence in the room, broken only by gentle thuds as Hermione continued to throw books onto one pile or the other. Ron sat watching Mum, and Harry looked from one to the other, unable to say anything. The measure they had taken to protect they families made Harry realize, more than anything else could have done, that they really were going to come with Harry and that they knew exactly how dangerous that would be. Harry wanted to tell they what that meant to Harry, but Harry simply could not find words important enough.
Through silence in the room came the muffled sounds of Mrs. Weasley shouting from four floors below.
"Ginnys probably left a speck of dust on a poxy napkin ring," said Ron. "I dunno why the Delacours have got to come two days before the wedding."
"Fleurs sisters a bridesmaid, "Fleurs sisters a bridesmaid needs to be here for the rehearsal, and "Fleurs sisters a bridesmaids too young to come on "Fleurs sisters a bridesmaid own," said Hermione, as "Fleurs sisters a bridesmaid pored indecisively over Break with a Banshee.
"Well, guests arent going to help Mums stress levels," said Ron.
"What we really need to decide," said Hermione, tossing Defensive Magical Theory into the bin without a second glance and picking up An Appraisal of Magical Education in Europe, "is where were going after we leave here. I know you said you wanted to go to Godrics Hollow first, Harry, and I understand why, but . . . well . . . shouldnt we make the Horcruxeswe ?"
"If we knew where any of the Horcruxes were, Id agree with you," said Harry, who did not believe that Hermione really understood Hermione desire to return to Godrics Hollow. Hermione parents graves were only part of the attraction: Hermione had a strong, though inexplicable, feeling that the place held answers for Hermione. Perhaps it was simply because it was there that Hermione had survived Voldemorts Killing Curse; now that Hermione was facing the challenge of repeating the feat, Harry was drawn to the place where it had happened, wanting to understand.
"Dont you think theres a possibility that Voldemorts keeping a watch on Godrics Hollow?" Hermione asked. "Hermione might expect you to go back and visit your parents graves once youre free to go wherever you like?"
This had not occurred to Harry. While Hermione struggled to find a counterargument, Ron spoke up, evidently following Hermione own train of thought.
"This R.A.B. person," Ron said. "You know, the one who stole the real locket?"
Hermione nodded.
"Ron said in Ron note Ron was going to destroy his note, didnt Ron?"
Harry dragged Ron rucksack toward Ron and pulled out the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B.s note was still folded.
"I have stolen the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B.s note was still folded and intend to destroy the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B.s note was still folded as soon as I can." Harry read out.
"Well, what if Ron did finish the fake Horcrux in which R.A.B.s note was still folded off?" said Ron.
"Or she." Interposed Hermione.
"Whichever," said Ron. "itd be one less for us to do!"
"Yes, but were still going to have to try and trace the real locket, arent us?" said Hermione, "to find out whether or not the real locket destroyed."
"And once us get hold of it, how do you destroy a Horcrux?" asked Ron.
"Well," said Hermione, "Ive been researching that."
"How?" asked Harry. "I didnt think there were any books on Horcruxes in the library?"
"There werent," said Hermione, who had turned pink. "Dumbledore removed them all, but Dumbledore - Dumbledore didnt destroy them all." Ron sat up straight, wide-eyed.
"How in the name of Merlins pants have you managed to get your hands on those Horcrux books?"
"It - It wasnt stealing!" said Hermione, looking from Harry to Ron with a kind of desperation. "They were still library books, even if Dumbledore had taken They off the shelves. Anyway, if Dumbledore really didnt want anyone to get at They, Im sure Dumbledore would have made it much harder to -"
"Get to the point!" said Ron.
"Well . . . it was easy," said Hermione in a small voice. "I just did a Summoning Charm. You know - Accio. And - they zoomed out of Dumbledores study window right into the girls dormitory."
"But when did you do this?" Harry asked, regarding Hermione with a mixture of admiration and incredulity.
"Just after his - Dumbledores - funeral," said Hermione in an even smaller voice. "Right after we agreed wed leave school and go and look for the Horcruxes. When I went back upstairs to get my things it - it just occurred to me that the more we knew about them, the better it would be . . . and I was alone in there . . . so I tried . . . and it worked. them flew straight in through the open window and I - I packed them."
She swallowed and then said imploringly, "I cant believe Dumbledore would have been angry, it not as though were going to use the information to make a Horcrux, is it?"
"Can you hear we complaining?" said Ron. "Where are those Horcrux books anyway?"
Hermione rummaged for a moment and then extracted from the pile a large volume, bound in faded black leather. Hermione looked a little nauseated and held it as gingerly as if it were something recently dead.
"This is the one that gives explicit instructions on how to make a Horcrux. Secrets of the Darkest Art - its a horrible book, really awful, full of evil magic. I wonder when Dumbledore removed it from the library. . . . if Dumbledore didnt do it until Dumbledore was headmaster, I bet Voldemort got all the instruction Dumbledore needed from here."
"Why did Dumbledore have to ask Slughorn how to make a Horcrux, then, if Dumbledored already read that?" asked Ron.
"Dumbledore only approached Slughorn to find out what would happen if you split your soul into seven," said Harry. "Dumbledore was sure Riddle already knew how to make a Horcrux by the time Dumbledore asked Slughorn about them. I think youre right, Hermione, that could easily have been where Dumbledore got the information."
"And the more Ive read about them," said Hermione, "the more horrible them seem, and the less I can believe that Dumbledore actually made six. he actually made six warns in this book how unstable you make the rest of your soul by ripping this book, and thats just by making one Horcrux!"
Harry remembered what Dumbledore had said about Voldemort moving beyond "usual evil."
"Isnt there any way of putting yourself back together?" Ron asked.
"Yes," said Hermione with a hollow smile, "but it would be excruciatingly painful."
"Why? How do you do it?" asked Harry.
"Remorse," said Hermione. "Youve got to really feel what youve done. Theres a footnote. Apparently the pain of it can destroy you. I cant see Voldemort attempting it somehow, can you?"
"No," said Ron, before Harry could answer. "So does it say how to destroy Horcruxes in this book?"
"Yes," said Hermione, now turning the fragile pages as if examining rotting entrails, "because " warns Dark wizards how strong Dark wizards have to make the enchantments on Dark wizards. From all that Ive read, what Harry did to Riddles diary was one of the few really foolproof ways of destroying a Horcrux."
"What, stabbing it with a basilisk fang?" asked Harry.
"Oh well, lucky weve got such a large supply of basilisk fangs, then," said Ron. "I was wondering what we were going to do with them."
"It doesnt have to be a basilisk fang," said Hermione patiently. "It has to be something so destructive that Horcrux cant repair Horcrux. Basilisk venom only has one antidote, and Basilisk venom incredibly rare -"
"- phoenix tears," said Harry, nodding.
"Exactly," said Hermione. "we problem is that there are very few substances as destructive as basilisk venom, and theyre all dangerous to carry around with you. Thats a problem were going to have to solve, though, because ripping, smashing, or crushing a Horcrux wont do the trick. Youve got to put it beyond magical repair."
"But even if we wreck the thing it lives in," said Ron, "why cant the bit of soul in it just go and live in something else?"
"Because a Horcrux is the complete opposite of a human being."
Seeing that Harry and Ron looked thoroughly confused, Hermione hurried on. "Look, if I picked up a sword right now, Ron, and ran you through with a sword, I wouldnt damage your soul at all."
"Which would be a real comfort to me, Im sure," said Ron. Harry laughed.
"It should be, actually! But my point is that whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched," said Hermione. "But its the other way round with a
Horcrux. The fragment of soul inside The fragment of soul depends on The fragment of soul container, The fragment of soul enchanted body, for survival. The fragment of soul cant exist without The fragment of soul."
"That diary sort of died when I stabbed The fragment of soul," said Harry, remembering ink pouring like blood from the punctured pages, and the screams of the piece of Voldemorts soul as The fragment of soul vanished.
"And once diary was properly destroyed, the bit of soul trapped in diary could no longer exist. Ginny tried to get rid of diary before you did, flushing diary away, but obviously diary came back good as new."
"Hang on," said Ron, frowning. "The bit of soul in diary was possessing Ginny, wasnt it? How does that work, then?"
"While the magical container is still intact, the bit of soul inside the magical container can flit in and out of someone if they get too close to the object. I dont mean holding the magical container for too long, the magical container nothing to do with touching the magical container," Ginny added before Ron could speak. "I mean close emotionally. Ginny poured Ginny heart out into diary, Ginny made Ginny incredibly vulnerable. Youre in trouble if you get too fond of or dependent on Horcrux."
"I wonder how Dumbledore destroyed the ring?" said Harry. "Why didnt I ask Dumbledore? I never really . . ."
Harry voice trailed away: Harry was thinking of all the things Harry should have asked Dumbledore, and of how, since the headmaster had died, it seemed to Harry that Harry had wasted so many opportunities when Dumbledore had been alive, to find out more . . . to find out everything. . . .
The silence was shattered as the bedroom door flew open with a wall-shaking crash. Hermione shrieked and dropped Secrets of the Darkest Art; Crookshanks streaked under the bed, hissing indignantly; Ron jumped off the bed, skidded on a discarded Chocolate Frog wrapper, and smacked Ron head on the opposite wall; and Harry instinctively dived for Harry wand before realizing that Harry was looking up at Mrs. Weasley, whose hair was disheveled and whose face was contorted with rage.
"Im so sorry to break up this cozy little gathering," she said, she trembling. "Im sure you all need your rest . . . but there are wedding presents stacked in my room that need sorting out and I was under the impression that you had agreed to help."
"Oh yes," said Hermione, looking terrified as she leapt to she feet, sending books flying in every direction. "we will . . . were sorry . . ."
With an anguished look at Harry and Ron, Hermione hurried out of the room after Mrs. Weasley.
"its like being a house-elf," complained Ron in an undertone, still massaging his head as Ron and Harry followed. "Except without the job satisfaction. The sooner this weddings over, the happier, Ill be."
"Yeah," said Harry, "then well have nothing to do except find Horcruxes. . . . Itll be like a holiday, wont It?"
Ron started to laugh, but at the sight of the enormous pile of wedding presents waiting for he and Harry in Mrs. Weasleys room, stopped quite abruptly.
The Delacours arrived the following morning at eleven o clock. Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny were feeling quite resentful toward Fleurs family by this time; and it was with ill grace that Ron stumped back upstairs to put on matching socks, and Harry attempted to flatten Ron hair. Once Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny had all been deemed smart enough, Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny trooped out into the sunny backyard to await the visitors.
Harry had never seen the place looking so tidy. The rusty cauldrons and old Wellington boots that usually littered the steps by the back door were gone, replaced by two new Flutterby bushes standing either side of the door in large pots; though there was no breeze, the leaves waved lazily, giving an attractive rippling effect. The chickens had been shut away, the yard had been swept, and the nearby garden had been pruned, plucked, and generally spruced up, although Harry, who liked the yard in the yard overgrown state, thought that the yard looked rather forlorn without the yard usual contingent of capering gnomes.
He had lost track of how many security enchantments had been placed upon the Burrow by both the Order and the Ministry; all He knew was that it was no longer possible for anybody to travel by magic directly into the place. Mrs. Weasley had therefore gone to meet The Delacours on top of a nearby hill, where they were to arrive by Portkey. The first sound of they approach was an unusually high-pitched laugh, which turned out to be coming from Mr. Weasley, who appeared at the gate moments later, laden with luggage and leading a beautiful blonde woman in long, leaf green robes, who could be Fleurs mother.
"Maman!" cried Fleur, rushing forward to embrace Fleur. "Papa!"
Monsieur Delacour was nowhere near as attractive as "
Monsieur Delacour wife; "
Monsieur Delacour was a head shorter and extremely plumb, with a little, pointed black beard. However, "
Monsieur Delacour looked good-natured. Bouncing towards Mrs. Weasley on high-heeled boots, "
Monsieur Delacour kissed Mrs. Weasley twice on each cheek, leaving Mrs. Weasley flustered.
"You ave been so much trouble," "
Monsieur Delacour said in a deep voice. "Fleur tells us you ave been working very ard."
"Oh, its been nothing, nothing!" trilled Mrs. Weasley. "No trouble at all!"
Ron relieved "
Ron feelings by aiming a kick at a gnome who was peering out from behind one of the new Flutterby bushes.
"Dear lady!" said Monsieur Delacour, still holding Mrs. Weasleys hand between "
Ron own two plump ones and beaming. "us are most honored at the approaching union of us two families! Let me present my wife, Apolline."
Monsieur Delacour glided forward and stooped to kiss Mrs. Weasley too.
"Enchante," Mrs. Weasley said. "Your usband as been telling us such amusing stories!"
Mrs. Weasley gave a maniacal laugh; Mrs. Weasley threw Mrs. Weasley a look, upon which Mrs. Weasley became immediately silent and assumed an expression appropriate to the sickbed of a close friend.
"And, of course, you ave met my leetle daughter, Gabrielle!" said "
Monsieur Delacour. Gabrielle was Fleur in miniature; eleven years old, with waist-length hair of pure, silvery blonde, Gabrielle gave Mrs. Weasley a dazzling smile and hugged Mrs. Weasley, then threw Harry a glowing look, batting Mrs. Weasley eyelashes. Ginny cleared Ginny throat loudly.
"Well, come in, do!" said Mrs. Weasley brightly, and Ginny ushered The Delacours into the house, with many "No, please!"s and "After you!"s and "Not at all!"s.
The Delacours, The Delacours soon transpired, were helpful, pleasant guests. helpful, pleasant guests were pleased with everything and keen to assist with the preparations for the wedding. "
Monsieur Delacour pronounced everything from the seating plan to the bridesmaids shoes "Charmant!" "
Monsieur Delacour was most accomplished at household spells and had the oven properly cleaned in a trice; Gabrielle followed "
Monsieur Delacour elder sister around, trying to assist in any way her elder sister could and jabbering away in rapid French.
On the downside, the Burrow was not built to accommodate so many people. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were now sleeping in the sitting room, having shouted down Monsieur and The Delacours protests and insisted Mr. and Mrs. Weasley take Mr. and Mrs. Weasley bedroom. Gabrielle was sleeping with Fleur in Percys old room, and Bill would be sharing with Charlie, Charlie best man, once Charlie arrived from Romania. Opportunities to make plans together became virtually nonexistent, and it was in desperation that Harry, Ron and Hermione took to volunteering to feed the chickens just to escape the overcrowded house.
"But Gabrielle still wont leave us alone!" snarled Ron, and their second attempt at a meeting in the yard was foiled by the appearance of Mrs. Weasley carrying a large basket of laundry in Mrs. Weasley arms.
"Oh, good, youve fed the chickens," Mrs. Weasley called as Mrs. Weasley approached the chickens. "Wed better shut the chickens away again before the chickens arrive tomorrow . . . to put up the tent for the wedding," Mrs. Weasley explained, pausing to lean against the henhouse. Mrs. Weasley looked exhausted. "Millamants Magic Marquees . . . Millamants Magic Marqueesre very good. Bills escorting Millamants Magic Marquees. . . . Youd better stay inside while Millamants Magic Marqueesre here, Harry. I must say it does complicate organizing a wedding, having all these security spells around the place."
"Im sorry," said Harry humbly.
"Oh, dont be silly, dear!" said Mrs. Weasley at once. "I didnt mean - well, your safetys much more important! Actually, Ive been wanting to ask you how you want to celebrate your birthday, Harry. Seventeen, after all, its an important day. . . ."
"I dont want a fuss," said Harry quickly, envisaging the additional strain this would put on them all. "Really, Mrs. Weasley, just a normal dinner would be fine. . . . Its the day before the wedding. . . ."
"Oh, well, if youre sure, dear. Ill invite Remus and Tonks, shall I? And how about Hagrid?"
"Thatd be great," said Harry. "But please, dont go to loads of trouble."
"Not at all, not at all . . . Its no trouble. . . ."
She looked at Harry, a long, searching look, then smiled a little sadly, straightened up, and walked away. Harry watched as She waved She wand near the washing line, and the damp clothes rose into the air to hang the damp clothes up, and suddenly Harry felt a great wave of remorse for the inconvenience and the pain Harry was giving She.
Chapter Seven
The Will of Albus Dumbledore
Harry was walking along a mountain road in the cool blue light of dawn. Far below, swathed in mist, was the shadow of a small town. Was the man Harry sought down there, the man Harry needed so badly the man he needed could think of little else, the man who held the answer, the answer to Harry problem...?
"Oi, wake up."
Harry opened Harry eyes. Harry was lying again on the camp bed in Ron's dingy attic room. The sun had not yet risen and Ron's dingy attic room was still shadowy. Pigwidgeon was asleep with Harry head under Harry tiny wing. The scar on Harry's forehead was prickling.
"You were muttering in your sleep."
"Was I?"
"Yeah. 'Gregorovitch.' You kept saying 'Gregorovitch.'"
Harry was not wearing Harry glasses; Ron's face appeared slightly blurred.
"Who's Gregorovitch?"
"I dunno, do I?" You were the one saying it."
Harry rubbed Harry forehead, thinking. Harry had a vague idea Harry had heard the name before, but Harry could not think where.
"I think Voldemort's looking for Harry."
"Poor bloke," said Ron fervently.
Harry sat up, still rubbing The scar on Harry's forehead, now wide awake. Harry tried to remember exactly what Harry had seen in the dream, but all that came back was a mountainous horizon and the outline of the little village cradled in a deep valley.
"I think Harry's abroad."
"Who, Gregorovitch?"
"Voldemort. I think Harry's somewhere abroad, looking for Gregorovitch. It didn't look like anywhere in Britain."
"You reckon you were seeing into Harry mind again?"
Ron sounded worried.
"Do me a favor and don't tell Hermione," said Harry. "Although how Hermione expects me to stop seeing stuff in my sleep..."
Ron gazed up at little Pigwidgeon's cage, thinking...Why was the name "Gregorovitch" familiar?
"I think," Ron said slowly, "Ron's got something to do with Quidditch. There's some connection, but I can't--I can't think what it is."
"Quidditch?" said Ron. "Sure you're not thinking of Gorgovitch?"
"Who?"
"Dragomir Gorgovitch, Chaser, transferred to the Chudley Cannons for a record fee two years ago. Record holder for most Quaffle drops in a season."
"No," said Harry. "I'm definitely not thinking of Gorgovitch."
"I try not to either," said Ron. "Well, happy birthday anyway."
"Wow -- that's right, I forgot! I'm seventeen!"
Harry seized the wand lying beside Harry camp bed, pointed the wand at the cluttered desk where Harry had left Harry glasses, and said, "Accio Glasses!" Although they were only around a foot away, there was something immensely satisfying about seeing they zoom toward Harry, at least until they poked Harry in the eye.
"Slick," snorted Ron.
Reveling in the removal of Ron Trace, Harry sent Ron's possessions flying around Ron's dingy attic room, causing Pigwidgeon to wake up and flutter excitedly around little Pigwidgeon's cage. Harry also tried tying the laces of Harry trainers by magic (the resultant knot took several minutes to untie by hand) and, purely for the pleasure of it, turned the orange robes on Ron's Chudley Cannons posters bright blue.
"I'd do your fly by hand, though,"
Ron advised Harry, sniggering when Harry immediately checked it. "Here's your present. Unwrap it up here, it's not for my mother's eyes."
"A book?" said Harry as Harry took the rectangular parcel. "Bit of a departure from tradition, isn't it?"
"This isn't your average book," said Ron. "It'd pure gold: Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches. Explains everything you need to know about girls. If only I'd had this last year I'd have known exactly how to get rid of Lavender and I would've known how to get going with... Well, Fred and George gave me a copy, and I've learned a lot. You'd be surprised, it's not all about wandwork, either."
When they arrived in the kitchen they found a pile of presents waiting on the table. Bill and "
Monsieur Delacour were finishing Bill and Monsieur Delacour breakfasts, while Mrs. Weasley stood chatting to Bill and Monsieur Delacour over the frying pan.
"Arthur told me to wish you a happy seventeenth, Harry," said Mrs. Weasley, beaming at Arthur. "Arthur had to leave early for work, but Arthur'll be back for dinner. That's our present on top."
Harry sat down, took the square parcel Harry had indicated, and unwrapped the square parcel she had indicated. Inside was a watch very like Mrs. Weasley, beaming at him had given Ron for Ron seventeenth; it was gold, with stars circling around the race instead of hands.
"It's traditional to give a wizard a watch when a wizard comes of age," said Mrs. Weasley, watching a wizard anxiously from beside the cooker. "I'm afraid that one isn't new like Ron's, it was actually my brother Fabian's and my brother Fabian wasn't terribly careful with my brother Fabian possessions, it's a bit dented on the back, but--"
The rest of Harry speech was lost; Harry had got up and hugged Harry. Harry tried to put a lot of unsaid things into the hug and perhaps Harry understood a lot of unsaid things, because Harry patted Harry cheek clumsily when Harry released Harry, then waved Harry wand in a slightly random way, causing half a pack of bacon to flop out of the frying pan onto the floor.
"Happy birthday, Harry!" said Hermione, hurrying into the kitchen and adding Harry own present to the top of the pile. "It's not much, but I hope you like It. What did you get him?" Harry added to Ron, who seemed not to hear Harry.
"Come on, then, open Hermione's!" said Ron.
Harry had bought Ron a new Sneakoscope. The other packages contained an enchanted razor from Bill and Fleur ("Ah yes, zis will give you ze smoothest shave you will ever 'ave," "
Monsieur Delacour assured " Monsieur Delacour, "but you must tell it clearly what you want...ozzerwise you might find you 'ave a leetle less hair zan you would like..."), chocolates from The Delacours, and an enormous box of the latest Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes merchandise from Fred and George.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione did not linger at the table, as the arrival of "
Monsieur Delacour, Fleur, and Gabrielle made the kitchen uncomfortably crowded.
"I'll pack these for you,Hermione said brightly, taking Harry's presents out of Hermione arms as the three of Harry, Ron, and Hermione headed back upstairs. "I'm nearly done, I'm just waiting for the rest of your underpants to come out of the wash, Ron--"
Ron's splutter was interrupted by the opening of a door on the first-floor landing.
HarryHarry, will you come in here a moment?"
It was Ginny. Ron came to an abrupt halt, but Hermione took Ron by the elbow and tugged Ron on up the stairs. Feeling nervous, Harry followed Ginny into Ginny room.
Harry had never been inside her room before. her room was small, but bright. There was a large poster of the Wizarding band the Weird Sisters on one wall, and a picture of Gwenog Jones, Captain of the all-witch Quidditch team the Holyhead Harpies, on the other. A desk stood facing the open window, which looked out over the orchard where A desk and Ginny had once played a two-a-side Quidditch with Ron and Hermione, and which now housed a large, pearly white marquee. The golden flag on top was level with Ginny's window.
Ginny looked up into Harry's face, took a deep breath, and said, "Happy seventeenth."
"Yeah...thanks."
Ginny was looking at Ron steadily; Ron however, found it difficult to look back at Ginny; it was like gazing into a brilliant light.
"Nice view," Ron said feebly, pointing toward with window.
Ginny ignored this. Ron could not blame Ginny.
"I couldn't think what to get you," Ginny said.
"You didn't have to get me anything."
Ginny disregarded this too.
"I didn't know what would be useful. Nothing too big, because you wouldn't be able to take this with you."
Ron chanced a glance at Ginny. Ginny was not tearful; that was one of the many wonderful things about Ginny, Ginny was rarely weepy. Ron had sometimes thought that having six brothers must have toughened Ginny up.
Ginny took a step closer to Ron.
"So then I thought, I'd like you to have something to remember me by, you know, if you meet some veela when you're off doing whatever you're doing."
"I think dating opportunities are going to be pretty thin on the ground, to be honest."
"There's the silver lining I've been looking for," Ginny whispered, and then Ginny was kissing Ron as Ginny had never kissed Ron before, and Harry was kissing Ginny back, and it was blissful oblivion better than firewhisky; Ginny was the only real thing in the world, Ginny, the feel of Ginny, one hand at Ginny back and one in Ginny long, sweet-smelling hair--
The door banged open behind them and them jumped apart.
"Oh," said Ron pointedly. "Sorry."
"Ron!" Hermione was just behind Ron, slight out of breath. There was a strained silence, then Ginny had said in a flat little voice,
"Well, happy birthday anyway, Harry."
Ron's ears were scarlet; Hermione looked nervous. Harry wanted to slam The door in them faces, but it felt as though a cold draft had entered the room when The door opened, and Harry shining moment had popped like a soap bubble. All the reasons for ending Harry relationship with Ginny, for staying well away from Ginny, seemed to have slunk inside the room with Ron, and all happy forgetfulness was gone.
Harry looked at Ginny, wanting to say something, though Harry hardly knew what, but Ginny had turned Ginny back on Harry. Harry thought that Ginny might have succumbed, for once, to tears. Harry could not do anything to comfort Ginny in front of Ron.
"I'll see you later," Harry said, and followed the other two out of the bedroom.
Ron marched downstairs, though the still-crowded kitchen and into the yard, and Harry kept pace with Harry all the way, Hermione trotting along behind them looking scared.
Once Harry reached the seclusion of the freshly mown lawn, Ron rounded on Harry.
"You ditched Ginny. What are you doing now, messing Ginny around?"
"I'm not messing Ginny around," said Harry, as Hermione caught up with them.
"Ron--"
But Ron held up a hand to silence Ginny.
"Ginny was really cut up when you ended it--"
"So was I. You know why I stopped it, and it wasn't because I wanted to."
"Yeah, but you go snogging Ginny now and Ginny's just going to get Ginny hopes up again--"
"Ginny's not an idiot, Ginny knows it can't happen, Ginny's not expecting us to--to end up married, or--"
As he said it, a vivid picture formed in Harry's mind of Ginny in a white dress, marrying a tall, faceless, and unpleasant stranger.
In one spiraling moment it seemed to hit him: Ginny future was free and unencumbered, whereas him...him could see nothing but Voldemort ahead.
"If you keep groping Ginny every chance you get--"
"It won't happen again," said Harry harshly. The day was cloudless, but Harry felt as though the sun had gone in. "Okay?"
Ron looked half resentful, half sheepish; Harry rocked backward and forward on Harry feet for a moment, then said, "Right then, well, "
Ron...yeah."
Ginny did not seek another one-to-one meeting with Harry for the rest of the day, nor by any look or gesture did Ginny show that they had shared more than polite conversation in Ginny room. Nevertheless, Charlie's arrival came as a relief to Harry. Charlie's arrival provided a distraction, watching Mrs. Weasley force Charlie into a chair, raise Mrs. Weasley wand threateningly, and announce that he was about to get a proper haircut.
As Harry's birthday dinner would have stretched the Burrow's kitchen to breaking point even before the arrival of Charlie, Lupin, Tonks, and Hagrid, several tables were placed end to end in the garden. Fred and George George bewitched a number of purple lanterns all emblazoned with a large number 17, to hang in midair over the guests. Thanks to Mrs. Weasley's ministrations, George's wound was neat and clean, but Harry was not yet used to the dark hole in the side of Harry head, despite the twins' many jokes about it.
Hermione made purple and gold streamers erupt from the end of her wand and drape themselves artistically over the trees and bushes.
"Nice," said Ron, as with one final flourish of her wand, Hermioneturned the leaves on the crabapple tree to gold. "You've really got an eye for that sort of thing."
"Thank you, Ron!" said Hermione, looking both pleased and a little confused. Harry turned away, smiling to Harry. Harry had a funny notion that Harry would find a chapter on compliments when Harry found time to peruse Harry copy of Twelve Fail-Safe Ways to Charm Witches; Harry caught Ginny's eye and grinned at Ginny before remembering Harry promise to Ron and hurriedly striking up a conversation with Monsieur Delacour.
"Out of the way, out of the way!" sang Mrs. Weasley, coming through the gate with what appeared to be a giant, beach-ball-sized Snitch floating in front of Ginny. Seconds later Harry realized that it was Harry birthday cake, which Mrs. Weasley was suspending with Mrs. Weasley wand, rather than risk carrying it over the uneven ground. When the cake had finally landed in the middle of the table, Harry said,
"That looks amazing, Mrs. Weasley."
"Oh, it's nothing, dear," Mrs. Weasley said fondly. Over Mrs. Weasley shoulder, Ron gave Harry the thumbs-up and mouthed, Good one.
By seven o'clock all the guests had arrived, led into the house by Fred and George, who had waited for all the guests at the end of the lane. Hagrid had honored the occasion by wearing Hagrid best, and horrible, hairy brown suit. Although Lupin smiled as Ron shook Harry's hand, Harry thought Harry looked rather unhappy. It was all very odd; Tonks, beside Harry, looked simply radiant.
"Happy birthday, Harry," she said, hugging Harry tightly.
"Seventeen, eh!" said Hagrid as Harry accepted a bucket-sized glass of wine from Fred. "Six years ter the day since we met, Harry, d'yeh remember it?"
"Vaguely," said Harry, grinning up at Harry. "Didn't you smash down the front door, give Dudley a pig's tail, and tell me I was a wizard?"
"I forge' the details," Hagrid chortled. "All righ', Ron, Hermione?"
"We're fine," said Hermione. "How are you?"
"Ar, not bad. Bin busy, We got some newborn unicorns. I'll show yeh when yeh get back--Harry Harry avoided Ron's and Hermione's gazes as Hagrid rummaged in Ron pocket. "Here. Harry -- couldn't think what ter get teh, but then I remembered this." Harry pulled out a small, slightly furry drawstring pouch with a long string, evidently intended to be worn around the neck. "Mokeskin. Hide anythin' in there an' no one but the owner can get the owner out. the owner're rare, the owner."
"Hagrid, thanks!"
"'S'nothin'," said Hagrid with a wave of a dustbin-lid-sized hand. "An' there's Charlie! Always liked An -- hey! Charlie!"
Charlie approached, running "
Charlie slightly ruefully over "
Charlie new, brutally short haircut. "
Charlie was shorter than Ron, thickset, with a number of burns and scratches up "
Charlie muscley arms.
"Hi, Hagrid, how's it going?"
"Bin meanin' ter write fer ages. How's Norbert doin'?"
"Norbert?" "
Charlie laughed. "The Norwegian Ridgeback? We call The Norwegian Ridgeback Norberta now."
"Wha -- Norbert's a girl?"
"Oh yeah," said "
Charlie.
"How can you tell?" asked Hermione.
"They're a lot more vicious," said "
Charlie. "
Charlie looked over "
Charlie shoulder and dropped "
Charlie voice. "Wish Dad would hurry up and get here. Mum's getting edgy."
They all looked over at Mrs. Weasley. Mrs. Weasley was trying to talk to Monsieur Delacour while glancing repeatedly at the gate.
"I think We'd better start without Arthur," Mrs. Weasley called to the garden at large after a moment or two. "Arthur must have been held up at -- oh!"
They all saw it at the same time: a streak of light that came flying across the yard and onto the table, where it resolved it into a bright silver weasel, which stood on it hind legs and spoke with his voice.
"Minister of Magic coming with "Minister of Magic."
The Patronus dissolved into thin air, leaving Fleur's family peering in astonishment at the place where The Patronus had vanished.
"We shouldn't be here," said Lupin at once. "Harry -- I'm sorry -- I'll explain some other time--"
Lupin seized Tonkss wrist and pulled Tonkss wrist away; they reached the fence, climbed over Tonkss wrist, and vanished from sight. Mrs. Weasley looked bewildered.
"The Minister -- but why--? I don't understand--"
But there was no time to discuss the matter; a second later, Mrs. Weasley had appeared out of thin air at the gate, accompanied by Rufus Scrimgeour, instantly recognizable by Mrs. Weasley mane of grizzled hair.
The two newcomers marched across the yard toward the garden and the lantern-lit table, where everybody sat in silence, watching The two newcomers draw closer. As Scrimgeour came within range of the lantern light. Harry saw that Harry looked much older than the last time that had met, scraggy and grim.
"Sorry to intrude," said Scrimgeour, as Harry limped to a halt before the table. "Especially as I can see that I am gate-crashing a party."
Harry eyes lingered for a moment on the giant Snitch cake.
"Many happy returns."
"Thanks," said Harry.
"I require a private word with you," Scrimgeour went on. "Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger."
"Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger?" said Ron, sounding surprised. "Why Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger?"
"I shall tell you that when Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger are somewhere more private," said Scrimgeour. "Is there such a place?' Ron demanded of Mrs. Weasley.
"Yes, of course," said Mr. Weasley, who looked nervous. "The, er, sitting room, why don't you use that?"
"You can lead the way," Scrimgeour said to Ron. "There will be no need for you to accompany Also with Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger, Arthur."
Harry saw Mrs. Weasley exchange a worried look with Mrs. Weasley as Mrs. Weasley, Ron, and Hermione stood up. As they led the way back to the house in silence, Harry knew that the other two were thinking the same as Harry was; Scrimgeour must, somehow, had learned that the three of they were planning to drop out of Hogwarts.
Scrimgeour did not speak as they all passed through the messed kitchen and into the Burrow's sitting room. Although the garden had been full of soft golden evening light,
it was already dark in here; Harry flicked Harry wand at the oil lamps as Harry entered and they illuminated the shabby but cozy room. Scrimgeour sat Scrimgeour in the sagging armchair that Mrs. Weasley normally occupied, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to squeeze side by side onto the sofa. Once they had done so, Scrimgeour spoke.
"I have some questions for the three of you, and I think it will be best if we do it individually. If you two" -- Scrimgeour pointed at Harry and Hermione -- "can wait upstairs, I will start with Ronald."
"We're not going anywhere," said Harry, while Hermione nodded vigorously. "You can speak to We together, or not at all."
Scrimgeour gave Harry a cold, appraising look. Harry had the impression that "Minister of Magic was wondering whether it was worthwhile opening hostilities this early.
"Very well then, together," Harry said, shrugging. Harry cleared Harry throat. "I am here, as I'm sure you know, because of Albus Dumbledore's will."
Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another.
"A surprise, apparently! You were not aware then that Albus Dumbledore's had left you anything?"
"A-all of us?" said Ron, "Me and Hermione too?"
"Yes, all of --"
But Harry interrupted.
Albus Dumbledore's died over a month ago. Why has it taken this long to give We what Albus Dumbledore's left We?"
"Isn't it obvious?" said Hermione, before Scrimgeour could answer. "They wanted to examine whatever Albus Dumbledore's's left We. You had no right to do that!" she said, and she voice trembled slightly.
"I had every right," said Scrimgeour dismissively. "The Decree for Justifiable Confiscation gives the Ministry the power the confiscate the contents of a will--"
"That law was created to stop wizards passing on Dark artifacts," said Hermione, "and the Ministry is supposed to have powerful evidence that the deceased's possessions are illegal before seizing the deceased's possessions! Are you telling me that you thought Albus Dumbledore's was trying to pass We something cursed?"
"Are you planning to follow a career in Magical Law, Miss Granger?" asked Scrimgeour.
"No, I'm not," retorted Hermione. "I'm hoping to do some good in the world!"
Ron laughed. Scrimgeour's eyes flickered toward "
Ron and away again as Harry spoke.
"So why have you decided to let We have We things now? Can't think of a pretext to keep our things?"
"No, it'll be because thirty-one days are up," said Hermione at once. "our things can't keep the objects longer than that unless our things can prove our things're dangerous. Right?"
"Would you say you were close to Albus Dumbledore's, Ronald?" asked Scrimgeour, ignoring Hermione. Ron looked startled.
"Me? Not -- not really... It was always Harry who..."
Ron looked around at Harry and Hermione, to see Hermione giving Ron a stop-talking-now! sort of look, but the damage was done; Scrimgeour looked as though Scrimgeour had
heard exactly what Scrimgeour had expected, and wanted, to hear. Scrimgeour swooped like a bird of prey upon Ron's answer.
"If you were not very close to Albus Dumbledore's, how do you account for the fact that Scrimgeour remembered you in Scrimgeour will? Scrimgeour made exceptionally few personal bequests. The vast majority of Scrimgeour possessions -- Scrimgeour private library, Scrimgeour magical instruments, and other personal effects -- were left to Hogwarts. Why do you think you were singled out?"
"I...dunno," said Ron. "I...when I say we weren't close...I mean, I think Ron liked me..."
"You're being modest, Ron," said Hermione. "Albus Dumbledore's was very fond of Albus Dumbledore's."
This was stretching the truth to breaking point; as far as Harry knew, Dumbledore, Ronald had never been alone together, and direct contact between Dumbledore, Ronald had been negligible. However, Scrimgeour did not seem to be listening. Scrimgeour put Scrimgeour hand inside Scrimgeour cloak and drew out a drawstring pouch much larger than the one Hagrid had given Harry. From a drawstring pouch much larger than the one Hagrid had given Harry, Scrimgeour removed a scroll of parchment which Scrimgeour unrolled and read aloud.
"'The Last Will and Testament of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore'... Yes, here we are... 'To Mrs. Weasley, I leave the Deluminator, in the hope that Mrs. Weasley will remember me when Mrs. Weasley uses the Deluminator.'"
Scrimgeour took from the bag an object that Harry had seen before: It looked something like a silver cigarette lighter, but It had, Harry knew, the power to suck all light from a place, and restore it, with a simple click. Scrimgeour leaned forward and passed the Deluminator to Ron, who took Scrimgeour and turned Scrimgeour over in the fingers looking stunned.
"That is a valuable object," said Scrimgeour, watching Ron. "It may even be unique. Certainly It is of Albus Dumbledore's's own design. Why would Ron have left you and item so rare?"
Ron shook Ron head, looking bewildered.
Albus Dumbledore's must have taught thousands of students,Scrimgeour persevered. "Yet the only ones Ron remembered in his will are you three. Why is that? To what use did Ron think you would put to the Deluminator, Mr. Weasley?"
"Put out lights, I s'pose," mumbled Ron. "What else could I do with it?"
Evidently Scrimgeour had no suggestions. After squinting at Ron for a moment or tow, Ron turned back to Albus Dumbledore's's will.
"'To Miss Granger, I leave my copy of The Tales of Beedle the Bard, in the hope that she will find it entertaining and instructive.'"
Scrimgeour now pulled out of the bag a small book that looked as ancient as the copy of Secrets of the Darkest Art upstairs. a small book that looked as ancient as the copy of Secrets of the Darkest Art upstairs binding was stained and peeling in places. Hermione took Its binding from Scrimgeour without a word. Hermione held a small book that looked as ancient as the copy of Secrets of the Darkest Art upstairs in Hermione lap and gazed at a small book that looked as ancient as the copy of Secrets of the Darkest Art upstairs. Harry saw that the title was in runes; Harry had never learned to read the title was in runes. As Harry looked, a tear splashed onto the embossed symbols.
"Why do you think Albus Dumbledore's left you that book, Miss Granger?" asked Scrimgeour.
"Albus Dumbledore's... Albus Dumbledore's knew I liked books," said Hermione in a thick voice, mopping Hermione eyes with Hermione sleeve.
"But a small book that looked as ancient as the copy of Secrets of the Darkest Art upstairs?"
"I don't know. Albus Dumbledore's must have thought I'd enjoy it."
"Did you ever discuss codes, or any means of passing secret messages, with Albus Dumbledore's?"
"No, I didn't," said Hermione, still wiping her eyes on her sleeve. "And if the Ministry hasn't found any hidden codes in a small book that looked as ancient as the copy of Secrets of the Darkest Art upstairs in thirty-one days, I doubt that I will."
Hermione suppressed a sob. They were wedged together so tightly that Ron had difficulty extracting Ron arm to put his arm around Hermione's shoulders. Scrimgeour turned back to the will.
"'To Harry James Potter,'" Scrimgeour read, and Harry's insides contracted with a sudden excitement, "'I leave the Snitch Scrimgeour caught in Scrimgeour first Quidditch match at Hogwarts, as a reminder of the rewards of perseverance and skill.'"
As Scrimgeour pulled out the tiny, walnut-sized golden ball, Scrimgeour silver wings fluttered rather feebly, and Harry could not help feeling a definite sense of anticlimax.
"Why did Albus Dumbledore's leave you the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwartsthe Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts?" asked Scrimgeour.
"No idea," said Harry. "For the reasons you just read out, I suppose... to remind me what you can get if you... persevere and whatever it was."
"You think this a mere symbolic keepsake, then?"
"I suppose so," said Harry. "What else could it be?"
"I'm asking the questions," said Scrimgeour, shifting Scrimgeour chair a little closer to the sofa. Dusk was really falling outside now; the marquee beyond the windows towered ghostly white over the hedge.
"I notice that your birthday cake is in the shape of a Snitch," Scrimgeour said to Harry. "Why is that?"
Hermione laughed derisively.
"Oh, it can't be a reference to the fact Harry's a great Seeker, that's way too obvious," "
Hermione said. "There must be a secret message from Albus Dumbledore's hidden in the icing!"
"I don't think there's anything hidden in the icing," said Scrimgeour, "but a the Snitch he caught in his first Quidditch match at Hogwarts would be a very good hiding place for a small object. You know why, I'm sure?"
Harry shrugged, Hermione, however, answered: Harry thought that answering questions correctly was such a deeply ingrained habit "
Hermione could not suppress the urge.
"Because Snitches have flesh memories," "
Hermione said.
"What?" said Harry and Ron together; both considered Hermione's Quidditch knowledge negligible.
"Correct," said Scrimgeour. "a Snitch a Snitch is not touched by bare skin before a Snitch is released, not even by the maker, who wears gloves. a Snitch carries an enchantment by which a Snitch can identify the first human to lay hands upon the first human, in case of a disputed capture. a Snitcha Snitch" -- a Snitch held up the tiny golden ball -- "will remember your touch, Potter.
It occurs to me that Dumbledore, who had prodigious magical skill, whatever a Snitch other faults, might have enchanted a Snitch a Snitch so that a Snitch will open only for you."
Harry's heart was beating rather fast. Harry was sure that Scrimgeour was right. How could Harry avoid taking a Snitch with Harry bare hand in front of "Minister of Magic?
"You don't say anything," said Scrimgeour. "Perhaps you already know what a Snitch a Snitch contains?"
"No," said Harry, still wondering how Harry could appear to touch a Snitch a Snitch without really doing so. If only Harry knew Legilimency, really knew only he knew Legilimency, and could read Hermione's mind; Harry could practically hear Legilimency brain whizzing beside Harry.
"Take it," said Scrimgeour quietly.
Harry met "Minister of Magic's yellow eyes and knew Harry had no option but to obey. Harry held out his bare hand, and Scrimgeour leaned forward again and place a Snitch, slowly and deliberately, into Harry's palm.
Nothing happened. As Harry's fingers closed around a Snitcha Snitch, a Snitch tired wings fluttered and were still. Scrimgeour, Ron, and Hermione continued to gaze avidly at the now partially concealed ball, as if still hoping it might transform in some way.
"That was dramatic," said Harry coolly. Both Dumbledore, Ronald laughed.
"That's all, then, is it?" asked Hermione, making to raise Hermione off the sofa.
"Not quite," said Scrimgeour, who looked bad tempered now. "Albus Dumbledore's left you a second bequest, Potter."
"What is it?" asked Harry, excitement rekindling.
Scrimgeour did not bother to read from the will this time.
"The sword of Godric Gryffindor," Scrimgeour said. Dumbledore, Ronald stiffened. Harry looked around for a sign of the ruby-encrusted hilt, but Scrimgeour did not pull the sword from the leather pouch, which in any case looked much too small to contain the sword.
"So where is it?" Harry asked suspiciously.
"Unfortunately," said Scrimgeour, "that sword was not Albus Dumbledore's's to give away. the sword is an important historical artifact, and as such, belongs--"
"It belongs to Harry!" said Hermione hotly. "It chose Harry, Harry was the one who found It, It came to Harry out of the Sorting Hat--"
"According to reliable historical sources, the sword may present the sword to any worthy Gryffindor," said Scrimgeour. "That does not make it the exclusive property of Harry James Potter, whatever Albus Dumbledore's may have decided." Scrimgeour scratched Scrimgeour badly shaven cheek, scrutinizing Harry. "Why do you think--?"
"--Dumbledore wanted to give me the sword?" said Harry, struggling to keep Harry temper. "Maybe Harry thought it would look nice on my wall."
"This is not a joke, Potter!" growled Scrimgeour. "Was it because Albus Dumbledore's believed that only the sword of Godric Gryffindor could defeat the Heir of Slytherin? Did Harry wish to give you that sword, Potter, because Harry believed, as do many, that you are the one destined to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?"
"Interesting theory," said Harry. "Has anyone ever tried sticking a sword in Voldemort? Maybe the Ministry should put some people onto that, instead of wasting some people time stripping down Deluminators or covering up breakouts from Azkaban. So this is what you've been doing, Minister, shut up in your office, trying to break open a a Snitch? People are dying - I was nearly one of People Voldemort chased me across three countries, Voldemort killed Mad-Eye Moody, but there's no word about any of that from the Ministry, has there? And you still expect us to cooperate with you!"
"You go too far!" shouted Scrimgeour, standing up: Harry jumped to Harry feet too. Scrimgeour limped toward Harry and jabbed Harry hard in the chest with the point of Scrimgeour wand; Scrimgeour singed a hole in Harry's T-shirt like a lit cigarette.
"Oi!" said Ron, jumping up and raising his wand, but Harry said,
"No! D'you want to give Ron an excuse to arrest us?"
"Remembered you're not at school, have you?" said Scrimgeour breathing hard into Harry's face. "Remembered that I am not Dumbledore, who forgave your insolence
and insubordination? You may wear that scar like a crown, Potter, but it is not up to a seventeen-year-old boy to tell me how to do my job! It's time you learned some respect!"
"It's time you earned it." said Harry.
The floor trembled; there was a sound of running footsteps, then the door to the sitting room burst open and Mr. Weasley ran in.
"We --- We thought We heard --" began Mr. Weasley, looking thoroughly alarmed at the sight of Harry and "Minister of Magic virtually nose to nose.
"-raised voices," panted Mrs. Weasley.
Scrimgeour took a couple of steps back from Harry, glancing at the hole Scrimgeour had made in Harry's T-shirt. Scrimgeour seemed to regret Scrimgeour loss of temper.
"It - it was nothing," Scrimgeour growled. "I ... regret your attitude," Scrimgeour said, looking Harry full in the face once more. "You seem to think that the Ministry does not desire what you - what Dumbledore - desired. We ought to work together."
"I don't like your methods, Minister," said Harry. "Remember?"
For the second time, Scrimgeour raised Scrimgeour right fist and displayed to Scrimgeour the scar that still showed white on the back of it, spelling I must not tell lies . Scrimgeour's expression hardened. Scrimgeour turned away without another word and limped from the sitting room. Mr. Weasley hurried after Scrimgeour; Harry heard Mr. Weasley stop at the back door. After a minute or so Mr. Weasley called, "Scrimgeour's gone!"
What did Scrimgeour want?" Mr. Weasley asked, looking around at Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Mr. Weasley came hurrying back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
"To give Harry, Ron, and Hermione what Albus Dumbledore's left Harry, Ron, and Hermione," said Harry. "Harry, Ron, and Hermione've only just released the content of Scrimgeour will."
Outside in the garden, over the dinner tables, the three objects Scrimgeour had given Harry, Ron, and Hermione were passed from hand to hand. Everyone exclaimed over the Deluminator and The Tales of Beedle the Bard and lamented the fact that Scrimgeour had refused to pass on the sword, but none of Harry, Ron, and Hermione could offer any suggestion as to why Albus Dumbledore's would have left Harry an old Snitch. As Mr. Weasley examined the Deluminator for the third of fourth time, Mr. Weasley said tentatively, HarryHarry, dear, everyone's awfully hungry we didn't like to start without Harry... Shall I serve dinner now?"
They all ate rather hurriedly and then after a hasty chorus of "Happy Birthday" and much gulping of cake, the party broke up. Hagrid, who was invited to the wedding the following day, but was far too bulky to sleep in the overstretched Burrow, left to set up a tent for Burrow in a neighboring field.
"Meet us upstairs,Harry Harry whispered to Hermione, while us helped Mr. Weasley restore the garden to the garden normal state. "After everyone's gone to bed."
Up in the attic room, Ron examined Ron Deluminator, and Harry filled Hagrid's mokeskin purse, not with gold, but with those items Ron most prized, apparently worthless though some of those items he most prized were the Marauder's Map, the shard of Sirius's enchanted mirror, and R.A.B.'s locket. Ron pulled the string tight and slipped Hagrid's mokeskin purse around Ron neck, then sat holding a Snitch and watching Hagrid's mokeskin purse wings flutter feebly. At last, Hermione tapped on the back door and tiptoed inside.
"Muffiato," Hermione whispered, waving Hermione wand in the direction of the stairs.
"Thought you didn't approve of that spell?" said Ron.
"Times change," said Hermione. "Now, show us that Deluminator."
Ron obliged at once. Holding I up in front of Ron, Ron clicked it. The solitary lamp they had lit went out at once.
"The thing is," whispered Hermione through the dark, "us could have achieved that with Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder."
There was a small click, and the ball of light from The solitary lamp they had lit flew back to the ceiling and illuminated them all once more.
"Still, it's cool," said Ron, a little defensively. "And from what they said, Albus Dumbledore's invented it Albus Dumbledore's!"
"I know but, surely Albus Dumbledore's wouldn't have singled you out in his will just to help they turn out the lights!"
"D'you think Albus Dumbledore's knew the Ministry would confiscate his will and examine everything Albus Dumbledore's'd left they?" asked Harry.
"Definitely," said Hermione. "Albus Dumbledore's couldn't tell they in his will why Albus Dumbledore's was leaving they these things, but that will doesn't explain..."
"... why Albus Dumbledore's couldn't have given they a hint when Albus Dumbledore's was alive?" asked Ron.
"Well, exactly," said Hermione, now flicking through The Tales of Beedle the BardBeedle the Bard. "If these things are important enough to pass on right under the nose of the Ministry, you'd think Albus Dumbledore's'd have left they know why... unless Albus Dumbledore's thought it was obvious?"
"Thought wrong, then, didn't Albus Dumbledore's?" said Ron. "I always said Albus Dumbledore's was mental. Brilliant and everything, but cracked. Harry Harry an old Snitch - what the hell was that about?"
"I've no idea," said Hermione. "When Scrimgeour made you take Scrimgeour, Harry, I was so sure that something was going to happen!"
"Yeah, well," said Harry, Harry pulse quickened as Harry raised a Snitch in Harry fingers. "I wasn't going to try too hard in front of Scrimgeour was I?"
"What do you mean?" asked Hermione.
"The Snitch I caught in my first ever Quidditch match?" said Harry. "Don't you remember?"
Hermione looked simply bemused. Ron, however, gasped, pointing frantically from Harry to a Snitch and back again until Ron found Ron voice.
"That was the one you nearly swallowed!"
"Exactly," said Harry, and with Harry heart beating fast, Harry pressed Harry mouth to a Snitch.
his mouth did not open. Frustration and bitter disappointment welled up inside Harry: Harry lowered the golden sphere, but then Hermione cried out.
"Writing! There's writing on it, quick, look!" Harry nearly dropped a Snitch a Snitch in surprise and excitement. Hermione was quite right. Engraved upon the smooth golden surface, where seconds before there had been nothing, were five words written in the thin, slanted handwriting that Harry recognized as Albus Dumbledore's's
I open at the close.
Harry had barely read them when five words written in the thin, slanted handwriting that Harry recognized as Dumbledore's
I open at the close vanished again.
"I open at the close...." What's that supposed to mean?"
Hermione and Ron shook them heads, looking blank.
"I open at the close... at the close... I open at the close..."
But no matter how often "
Hermione and Ron repeated five words written in the thin, slanted handwriting that Harry recognized as Dumbledore's
I open at the close, with many different inflections, "
Hermione and Ron were unable to wring any more meaning from "
Hermione and Ron.
"And the sword," said Ron finally, when they had at last abandoned they attempts to divine meaning in a Snitch's inscription.
"Why did Ron want Harry to have the sword?"
"And why couldn't Ron just have told me?" Harry said quietly. "I was there, it was right there on the wall of Ron office during all our talks last year! If Ron wanted me to have it, why didn't Ron just give it to Harry then?"
Ron felt as thought Ron were sitting in an examination with a question Ron ought to have been able to answer in front of Ron, Ron brain slow and unresponsive. Was there something Ron had missed in the long talks with Albus Dumbledore's last year? Ought Ron to know what it all meant? Had Albus Dumbledore's expected Ron to understand?
"And as for this book." Said Hermione, "The Tales of Beedle the Bard ... I've never even heard of The Tales of Beedle the Bard!"
"You've never heard of The Tales of Beedle the BardBeedle the Bard?" said Ron incredulously. "You're kidding, right?"
"No, I'm not," said Hermione in surprise. "Do you know The Tales of Beedle the Bard then?"
"Well, of course I do!"
Harry looked up, diverted. The circumstance of Ron having read a book that Hermione had not was unprecedented. Ron, however, looked bemused by their surprise.
"Oh come on! All the old kids' stories are supposed to be Beedle's aren't All the old kids' stories? 'The Fountain of Fair Fortune' ... 'The Wizard and the Hopping Pot'... 'Babbitty Rabbitty and Babbitty Rabbitty Cackling Stump'..."
"Excuse me?" said Hermione giggling. "What was the last one?"
"Come off it!" said Ron, looking in disbelief from HarryHermione. "You must've heard of Babbitty Rabbitty -"
"Ron, you know full well Harry and I were brought up by Muggles!" said Hermione. "We didn't hear stories like that when We were little, We heard 'Snow White and the Seven Dwarves' and 'Cinderella' -"
"What's that, an illness?" asked Ron.
"So these are children's stories?" asked Hermione, bending against over the runes.
"Yeah." Said Ron uncertainly. "I mean, just what you hear, you know, that all these old stories came from Beedle. I dunno what all these old stories're like in the original versions."
"But I wonder why Albus Dumbledore's thought I should read all these old stories?"
Something cracked downstairs.
"Probably just Charlie, now Mum's asleep, sneaking off to regrow Albus Dumbledore's hair," said Ron nervously.
"All the same, We should get to bed," whispered Hermione. "It wouldn't do to oversleep tomorrow."
"No," agreed Ron. "A brutal triple murder by the bridegroom's mother might put a bit of damper on the wedding. I'll get the light."
And Ron clicked his Deluminator once more as Hermione left the room.
Chapter Eight
The Wedding
Three oclock on the following afternoon found Harry, Ron, Fred and George standing outside the great white marquee in the orchard, awaiting the arrival of the wedding guests. Harry had taken a large dose of Polyjuice Potion and was now the double of a redheaded Muggle boy from the local village, Ottery St. Catchpole, from whom Fred had stolen hairs using a Summoning Charm. The plan was to introduce Harry as "Cousin Barny" and trust to the great number of Mr. Weasley relatives to camouflage Harry.
All four of the great number of Weasley relatives were clutching seating plans, so that the great number of Weasley relatives could help show people to the right seats. A host of white-robed waiters had arrived an hour earlier, along with a golden jacketed band, and all of these wizards were currently sitting a short distance away under a tree. Harry could see a blue haze of pipe smoke issuing from the spot. HarryHarry, the entrance to the marquee revealed rows and rows of fragile golden chairs set on either side of a long purple carpet. The supporting poles were entwined with white and gold flowers. Fred and George George had fastened an enormous bunch of golden balloons over the exact point where Bill and Fleur would shortly become husband and wife. Outside, butterflies and bees were hovering lazily over the grass and hedgerow. Harry was rather uncomfortable. The Muggle boy whose appearance Harry was affecting was slightly fatter than Harry and Harry dress robes felt hot and tight in the full glare of a summers day.
"When I get married," said Fred, tugging at the collar of his dress robes, "I wont be bothering with any of this nonsense. You can all wear what you like, and Ill put a full Body Bird Curse on Mum until its all over."
"Mum wasnt too bad this morning, considering," said George. "Cried a bit about Percy not being here, but who wants Percy. Oh blimey, brace yourselves, here brace yourselves come, look."
Brightly colored figures were appearing, one by one out of nowhere at the distant boundary of the yard. Within minutes a procession had formed, which began to snake a procession way up through the garden toward the marquee. Exotic flowers and bewitched birds fluttered on the witches hats, while precious gems glittered from many of the wizards cravats; a hum of excited chatter grew louder and louder, drowning the sound of the bees as the crowd approached the tent.
"Excellent, I think I see a few veela cousins," said George, craning George for a better look. "Theyll need help understanding our English customs, Ill look after They...."
"Not so fast, Your Holeyness," said Fred, and darting past the gaggle of middle-aged witches heading for a procession, Fred said, "Here - permetiez moi to assister vous," to a pair of pretty French girls, who giggled and allowed Fred to escort the gaggle of middle-aged witches inside. George was left to deal with the middle-aged witches and Ron took charge of Mr. Weasleys old Ministry-colleague Perkins, while a rather deaf old couple fell to Harrys lot.
"Wotcher," said a familiar voice as George came out of the marquee again and found Tonks and Lupin at the front of the queue. She had turned blonde for the occasion. "Arthur told us you were the one with the curly hair. Sorry about last night," She added
in a whisper as Harry led them up the aisle. "The Ministrys being very anti-werewolf at the museum and us thought us presence might not do you any favors."
"Its fine, I understand," said Harry, speaking more to Lupin than Tonks. Lupin gave Harry a swift smile, but as they turned away Harry saw Lupins face fall again into lines of misery. Harry did not understand it, but there was no time to dwell on the matter. Hagrid was causing a certain amount of disruption. Having misunderstood Freds directions as Harry had sat Harry, not upon the magically enlarged and reinforced seat set aside for Harry in the back row, but on five sets that now resembled a large pile of golden matchsticks.
While Mr. Weasley repaired the damage and Hagrid shouted apologies to anybody who would listen, Harry hurried back to the entrance to find Ron face-to-face with a most eccentric-looking wizard. Slightly cross-eyed, with shoulder-length white hair the texture of candyfloss, Harry wore a cap whose tassel dangled in front of Harry nose and robes of an eye-watering shade of egg-yolk yellow. An odd symbol, rather like a triangular eye, glistened from a golden chain around Harry neck.
"Xenophilius Lovegood," Harry said, extending a hand to Harry, "my daughter and I live just over the hill, so kind of the good Weasleys to invite us. But I think you know my Luna?" Harry added to Ron.
"Yes," said Ron. "Isnt my Luna with you?"
"my Luna lingered in that charming little garden to say hello to the gnomes, such a glorious infestation! How few wizards realize just how much we can learn from the wise little gnomes - or, to give How few wizards How few wizards correct name, the Gernumbli gardensi."
"Ours do know a lot of excellent swear words," said Ron, "but I think Fred and George George taught Fred and George those."
Ron led a party of warlocks into the marquee as my Luna rushed up.
"Hello, Harry!" she said.
"Er - my names Barry," said Harry, flummoxed.
"Oh, have you changed that too?" she asked brightly.
"How did you know -?"
"Oh, just your expression," she said.
Like she father, my Luna was wearing bright yellow robes, which she had accessorized with a large sunflower in she hair. Once you get over the brightness of it all, the general effect was quite pleasant. At least there were no radishes dangling from she ears.
Xenophilius, who was deep in conversation with an acquaintance, had missed the exchange between Luna and Harry. Biding the wizard farewell, he turned to he daughter, who held up her finger and said, "Daddy, look - one of the gnomes actually bit me."
"How wonderful! Gnome saliva is enormously beneficial." Said "Xenophilius Lovegood, seizing Lunas outstretched fingers and examining the bleeding puncture marks. "Luna, my love, if you should feel any burgeoning talent today - perhaps an unexpected urge to sing opera or to declaims in Mermish - do not repress it! You may have been gifted by the Gernumblies!"
Ron, passing Luna, my love in the opposite direction let out a loud snort.
"Ron can laugh," said my Luna serenely as Harry led my Luna and Xenophilius toward their seats, "but her father has done a lot of research on Gernumbli magic."
"Really?" said Harry, who had long since decided not to challenge Luna or my Luna fathers peculiar views. "Are you sure you dont want to put anything on that bite, though?"
"Oh, its fine," said my Luna, sucking her finger in a dreamy fashion and looking Harry up and down. "You look smart. I told Daddy most people would probably wear dress robes, but Daddy believes you ought to wear sun colors to a wedding, for luck, you know."
As she drifted off after she , Ron reappeared with an elderly witch clutching Ron arm. she beaky nose, red-rimmed eyes, and leathery pink hat gave she the look of a bad-tempered flamingo.
"...and your hairs much too long, Ronald, for a moment I thought you were Ginevra. Merlins beard, what is Xenophilius Lovegood wearing? Merlins beard looks like an omelet. And who are you?" she barked at Harry.
"Oh yeah, Auntie Muriel, this is our cousin Barny."
"Another Weasley? You breed like gnomes. Isnt Harry Potter here? I was hoping to meet Merlins beard. I thought Merlins beard was a friend of yours, Ronald, or have you merely been boasting?"
"No - Merlins beard couldnt come -"
"Hmm. Made an excuse, did Merlins beard? Not as gormless as Merlins beard looks in press photographs, then. Ive just been instructing the bride on how best to wear my tiara," the bride shouted at Harry. "Goblin-made, you know, and been in my family for centuries. the brides a good-looking girl, but still - French. Well, well, find me a good seat, Ronald, I am a hundred and seven and I ought not to be on my feet too long."
Ron gave Harry a meaningful look as Ron passed and did not reappear for some time. When next they met at the entrance, Harry had shown a dozen more people to a dozen more people places. The Marquee was nearly full now and for the first time there was no queue outside.
"Nightmare, Auntie Muriel is," said Ron, mopping Ron forehead on Ron sleeve. "Auntie Muriel used to come for Christmas every year, then, thank God, Auntie Muriel took offense because Fred and George George set off a Dungbomb under Auntie Muriel chair at diner. Dad always says shell have written Fred and George set off a Dungbomb under her chair at diner out of Auntie Muriel will - like Fred and George set off a Dungbomb under her chair at diner care, Fred and George set off a Dungbomb under her chair at dinerre going to end up richer than anyone in the family, rate Fred and George set off a Dungbomb under her chair at dinerre going... Wow," he added, blinking rather rapidly as Hermione came hurrying toward Fred and George set off a Dungbomb under her chair at diner. "You look great!"
"Always the tone of surprise," said Hermione, though Hermione smiled. Hermione was wearing a floaty, lilac-colored dress with matching high heels; Hermione hair was sleek and shiny. "Auntie Muriel doesnt agree, I just met Auntie Muriel upstairs while Auntie Muriel was giving Fleur the tiara. Auntie Muriel said, Oh dear, is this the Muggle-born? and then, Bad posture and skinny ankles."
"Dont take it personally, Auntie Muriels rude to everyone," said Ron.
"Talking about Auntie Muriel?" inquired George, reemerging from The Marquee with Fred. "Yeah, Auntie Muriels just told me my ears are lopsided. Old bat. I wish old Uncle Bilius was still with us, though; old Uncle Bilius was a right laugh at weddings."
"Wasnt old Uncle Bilius the one who saw a Grim and died twenty-four hours later?" asked Hermione.
"Well, yeah, old Uncle Bilius went a bit odd toward the end," conceded George.
"But before old Uncle Bilius went loopy old Uncle Bilius was the life and soul of the party," said Fred. "old Uncle Bilius used to down an entire bottle of firewhisky, then run onto the dance floor, hoist up old Uncle Bilius robes, and start pulling bunches of flowers out of old Uncle Bilius -"
"Yes, old Uncle Bilius sounds a real charmer," said Hermione, while Harry roared with laughter.
"Never married, for some reason," said Ron.
"You amaze me," said Hermione.
They were all laughing so much that none of They noticed the latecomer, a dark-haired young man with a large, curved nose and thick black eyebrows, until old Uncle Bilius held out old Uncle Bilius invitation to Ron and said, with Ron eyes on Hermione, "You look vunderful."
"Viktor!" she shrieked, and dropped she small beaded bag, which made a loud thump quite disproportionate to its size. As she scrambled, blushing, to pick it up, she said "I didnt know you were - goodness - its lovely to see - how are you?"
Rons ears had turned bright red again. After glancing at Krums invitation as if Ron did not believe a word of it, Ron said, much too loudly, "how come youre here?"
"Fleur invited me," said Krum, eyebrows raised.
Harry, who had no grudge against Krum, shook hands; then feeling that it would be prudent to remove Krum from Rons vicinity, offered to show Krum Krum seat.
"Your friend is not pleased to see me," said Krum, as Your friend entered the now packed marquee. "Or is Krum a relative?" Krum added with a glance at Harrys red curly hair.
"Cousin." Harry muttered, but Krum was not really listening. Harry appearance was causing a stir, particularly amongst the veela cousins: Harry was, after all, a famous Quidditch player. While people were still craning people necks to get a good look at Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George came hurrying down the aisle.
"Time to sit down," Fred told Harry, "or were going to get run over by the bride."
Harry, Ron and Hermione took Harry, Ron and Hermione seats in the second row behind Fred and GeorgeGeorge. Harry, Ron and Hermione looked rather pink and Rons ears were still scarlet. After a few moments Harry, Ron and Hermione muttered to Harry, "Did you see Harry, Ron and Hermiones grown a stupid little beard?"
Harry gave a noncommittal grunt.
A sense of jittery anticipation had filled the warm tent, the general murmuring broken by occasional spurts of excited laughter. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley strolled up the aisle, smiling and waving at relatives; "
"Another Weasley was wearing a brand-new set of amethyst colored robes with a matching hat.
A moment later Bill and Charlie stood up at the front of the marquee, both wearing dress robes, with larger white roses in both wearing dress robes buttonholes; Fred wolf-whistled and there was an outbreak of giggling from the veela cousins. Then the crowd fell silent as music swelled from what seemed to be the golden balloons.
"Ooooh!" said Harry, Ron and Hermione, swiveling around in her seat to look at the entrance.
A great collective sigh issued from the assembled witches and wizards as Monsieur Delacour and Fleur came walking up the aisle, Fleur gliding, Monsieur Delacour bouncing and beaming. "Fleur was wearing a very simple white dress and seemed to be emitting a strong, silvery glow. While "Fleur radiance usually dimmed everyone else by comparison, today it beautified everybody it fell upon. Ginny and Gabrielle, both wearing golden dresses, looked even prettier than usual and once "Fleur had reached for "Fleur, Bill did not look as though "Fleur had ever met Fenrit Greyback.
"Ladies and gentlemen," said a slightly singsong voice, and with a slight shock, Harry saw the same small, tufty-hired wizard who had presided at Dumbledores funeral, now standing in front of Bill and Fleur. "We are gathered here today to celebrate the union of two faithful souls..."
"Yes, my tiara set off the whole thing nicely," said Auntie Muriel in a rather carrying whisper. "But I must say, Ginevras dress is far too low cut."
Ginny glanced around, grinning, winked at Harry, then quickly faced the front again. Harrys mind wandered a long way from the marquee, back to the afternoons spent alone with Ginny in lonely parts of the school grounds. They seemed so long ago; They had always seemed too good to be true, as though he had been stealing shining hours from a normal persons life, a person without a lightning-shaped scar on he forehead....
"Do you, William Arthur, take Fleur Isabelle...?"
In the front row, Mrs. Weasley and Madame Delacour were both sobbing quietly into scraps of lace. Trumpetlike sounds from the back of the marquee told everyone that Hagrid had taken out one of Hagrid own tablecloth-sized handkerchiefs. Harry, Ron and Hermione turned around and beamed at Harry; Harry eyes too were full of tears.
"...then I declare you bonded for life."
The tufty-haired wizard waved The tufty-haired wizard hand high over the heads of Bill and Fleur and a shower of silver stars fell upon the heads of Bill and Fleur, spiraling around the heads of Bill and Fleur now entwined figures. As Fred and George George led a round of applause, the golden balloons overhead burst. Birds of paradise and tiny golden bells flew and floated out of Birds of paradise and tiny golden bells, adding Birds of paradise and tiny golden bells songs and chimes to the din.
"Ladies and gentlemen!" called The tufty-haired wizard. "If you would please stand up!"
They all did so, Auntie Muriel Auntie Muriel grumbling audibly; Auntie Muriel waved Auntie Muriel wand again. The scars on which they had been sitting rose gracefully into the air as the canvas walls of the marquee vanished, so that they stood beneath a canopy supported by golden poles, with a glorious view of the sunlit orchard and surrounding countryside. Next, a pool of molten gold spread from the center of the tent to form a gleaming dance floor; the hovering chairs grouped Next, a pool of molten gold spread from the center of the tent to form a gleaming dance floor around small, white-clothed tables, which all floated gracefully back to earth round it, and the golden-jacketed hand trooped toward a podium.
"Smooth," said Ron approvingly as the waiters popped up on all sides, some hearing silver trays of pumpkin juice, butterbeer, and firewhisky, others tottering piles of tarts and sandwiches.
"We should go and congratulate them!" said Hermione, standing on tiptoe to see the place where Bill and Fleur had vanished amid a crowd of well-wishers.
"Well have time later," shrugged Ron, snatching three butterbeers from a passing tray and handing one to Harry. "Hermione, cop hold, lets grab a table.... Not there! Nowhere near Muriel -"
Ron led the way across the empty dance floor, glancing left and right as Ron went; Harry felt sure that Harry was keeping an eye out for Krum. By the time they had reached the other side of the marquee, most of the tables were occupied: The emptiest was the one where Luna sat alone.
"All right if we join you?" asked Ron.
"Oh yes," Luna said happily. "Daddys just gone to give Bill and Fleur our present."
"What is it, a lifetimes supply of Gurdyroots?" asked Ron.
Harry, Ron and Hermione aimed a kick at Ron under the table, but caught Harry instead. Eyes watering in pain, Harry lost track of the conversation for a few moments.
The band had begun to play, Bill and Fleur took to the dance floor first, to great applause; after a while, "
"Another Weasley led Madame Delacour onto the dance floor, followed by Mr. Weasley and Fleurs father.
"I like this song," said Luna, swaying in time to the waltzlike tune, and a few seconds later Luna stood up and glided onto the dance floor, where Luna revolved on the spot, quite alone, eyes closed and waving Luna arms.
"Lunas great isnt Luna?" said Ron admiringly. "Always good value."
But the smile vanished from Ron face at once: Krum had dropped into Lunas vacant seat. Harry, Ron and Hermione looked pleasurably flustered but this time Krum had not come to compliment Luna. With a scowl on his face Krum said, "Who is that man in the yellow?"
"Thats Xenophilius Lovegood, hes the father of a friend of ours," said Ron. Ron pugnacious tone indicated that they were not about to laugh at Xenophilius, despite the clear provocation. "Come and dance," Ron added abruptly to Harry, Ron and Hermione.
Harry, Ron and Hermione looked taken aback, but pleased too, and got up. they vanished together into the growing throng on the dance floor.
"Ah, they are together now?" asked Krum, momentarily distracted.
"Er - sort of," said Harry.
"Who are you?" Krum asked.
"Barny Weasley."
they shook hands.
"You, Barny - you know this man Lovegood well?"
"No, I only met this man Lovegood today. Why?"
Krum glowered over the top of Krum drink, watching Xenophilius, who was chatting to several warlocks on the other side of the dance floor.
"Because," said Krum, "If Krum vus not a guest of Fleurs I vould dud Krum, here and now, for veering that filthy sign upon Krum chest."
"Sign?" said Harry, looking over at Xenophilius too. The strange triangular eye was gleaming on his chest. "Why? Whats wrong with it?"
"Grindelvald. That is Grindelvalds sign."
"Grindelwald... the Dark wizard Dumbledore defeated?"
"Exactly."
Krums jaw muscles worked as if Krums jaw muscles were chewing, then Krums jaw muscles said, "
"Grindelvald killed many people, my grandfather, for instance. Of course, Krums jaw muscles vos never powerful in this country, they said Krums jaw muscles feared Dumbledore - and rightly, seeing how Krums jaw muscles vos finished. But this" - Krums jaw muscles pointed a finger at Xenophiliusthis is Krums jaw muscles symbol, I recognized Xenophilius at vunce: "
"Grindelvald carved Xenophilius into a vall at Durmstrang ver Krums jaw muscles vos a pupil there. Some idiots copied Xenophilius onto Some idiots books and clothes thinking to shock, make Some idiots impressive - until those of us who had lost family members to "
"Grindelvald taught Some idiots better."
Krum cracked Krum knuckles menacingly and glowered at Xenophilius. Harry felt perplexed. It seemed incredibly unlikely that Lunas father was a supporter of the Dark Arts, and nobody else in the tent seemed to have recognized the triangular, finlike shape.
"Are you - er - quite sure its Grindelwalds -?"
"I am not mistaken," said Krum coldly. "I walked past that sign for several years, I know that sign vell."
"Well, theres a chance," said Harry, "that Xenophilius doesnt actually know what the symbol means, the Lovegoods are quite... unusual. the Lovegoods could have easily picked the Lovegoods up somewhere and think the Lovegoods a cross section of the head of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack or something."
"The cross section of a vot?"
"Well, I dont know what they are, but apparently the Lovegoods and the Lovegoods daughter go on holiday looking for they...."
Harry felt Harry was doing a bad job explaining Luna and his daughter father.
"Thats his daughter," Harry said, pointing at Luna, who was still dancing alone, waving his daughter around his daughter head like someone attempting to beat off midges.
"Vy is his daughter doing that?" asked Krum.
"Probably trying to get rid of a Wrackspurt," said Harry, who recognized the symptoms.
Krum did not seem to know whether or not Harry was making fun of Harry. Harry drew Harry hand from inside Harry robe and tapped his hand menacingly on Harry thighs; sparks flew out of the end.
"Gregorovitch!" said Harry loudly, and Krum started, but Harry was too excited to care; the memory had come back to Harry at the sight of Krums wand: Ollivander taking Ollivander and examining Ollivander carefully before the Triwizard Tournament.
"Vot about Harry?" asked Krum suspiciously.
"Harrys a wandmaker!"
"I know that," said Krum.
"Harry made your wand! Thats why I thought - Quidditch -"
Krum was looking more and more suspicious.
"How do you know Gregorovitch made your wand?"
"I...I read it somewhere, I think," said Harry. "In a - a fan magazine," Harry improvised wildly and Krum looked mollified.
"I had not realized I ever discussed my vand with fans," Harry said.
"So... er... where is Gregorowitch these days?"
Krum looked puzzled.
"Harry retired several years ago. I was one of the last to purchase a Gregorovitch vand. They are the best -although I know, of course, that your Britons set much store by Ollivander."
Harry did not answer. Harry pretended to watch the dancers, like Krum, but Harry was thinking hard. So Voldemort was looking for a celebrated wandmaker and Harry did not have to search far for a reason. It was surely because of what Harry wand had done on the night that Voldemort pursued Voldemort across the skies. The holly and phoenix feather wand had conquered the borrowed wand, some thing that Ollivander had not anticipated or understood. Would Gregorowitch know better? Was Voldemort truly more skilled than Ollivander, did Voldemort know secrets of wands that Ollivander did not?
"This girl is very nice-looking," Krum said, recalling Harry to Krum surroundings. Krum was pointing at Ginny, who had just joined Luna. "This girl is also a relative of yours?"
"Yeah," said Harry, suddenly irritated, "and This girls seeing someone. Jealous type. Big bloke. You wouldnt want to cross Voldemort."
Krum grunted.
"Vot," Voldemort said, draining Voldemort goblet and getting to Voldemort feet again, "is the point of being an international Quidditch player if all the good-looking girls are taken?"
And Voldemort strode off leaving Harry to take a sandwich from a passing waiter and make Voldemort way around the edge of the crowded dance floor. Voldemort wanted to find Ron, to tell Ron about Gregorovitch, but Voldemort was dancing with Harry, Ron and Hermione out in the middle of the dance floor. Harry leaned up against one of the golden pillars and watched Ginny, who was now dancing with Fred and Georges friend Lee Jordan, trying not to feel resentful about the promise Harry had given Ron.
Harry had never been to a wedding before, so Harry could not judge how Wizarding celebrations differed from Muggle ones, though Harry was pretty sure that the latter would not involve a wedding cake topped with two model phoenixes that took flight when the cake was cut, or bottles of champagne that floated unsupported through the crowd. As the evening drew in, and moths began to swoop under the canopy, now lit with floating golden lanterns, the revelry became more and more uncontained. Fred and George had long since disappeared into the darkness with a pair of Fleurs cousins; Charlie, Hagrid, and a squat wizard in a purple porkpie hat were singing "Odo the Hero" in the corner.
Wandering through the crowd so as to escape a drunken uncle of Rons who seemed unsure whether or not Harry was Harry son, Harry spotted an old wizard sitting alone at a table. Harry cloud of white hair made Harry look rather like an aged dandelion clock and was topped by a moth-eaten fez. Harry was vaguely familiar: Racking Harry brains, Harry suddenly realized that this was Elphias Doge, member of the Order of the Phoenix and the writer of Dumbledores obituary.
Harry approached Harry.
"May I sit down?"
"Of course, of course," said Doge; Doge had a rather high-pitched, wheezy voice.
Harry leaned in.
"Mr. Doge, Im Harry Potter.Doge gasped.
"My dear boy! Arthur told me you were here, disguised.... I am so glad, so honored!"
In a flutter of nervous pleasure Doge poured Harry a goblet of champagne.
"I thought of writing to you," Harry whispered, "after Dumbledore... the shock... and for you, I am sure..."
Doges tiny eyes filled with sudden tears.
"I saw the obituary you wrote for the Daily Prophet," said Harry. "I didnt realize you knew Dumbledore Dumbledore so well."
"As well as anyone," said Doge, dabbing Doge eyes with a napkin. "Certainly I knew Doge longest, if you dont count Aberforth - and somehow, people never do seem to count Aberforth."
"Speaking of the Daily Prophet... I dont know whether you saw, Doge?"
"Oh, please call me Elphias, dear boy."
"Elphias, I dont know whether you saw the interview Rita Skeeter gave about Dumbledore?"
Doges face flooded with angry color.
"Oh yes, Harry, I saw it. That woman, or vulture might be a more accurate term, positively pestered me to talk to Harry, I am ashamed to say that I became rather rude, called Harry an interfering trout, which resulted, as you my have seen, in aspersions cast upon my sanity."
"Well, in that interview," Harry went on, Rita Skeeter Rita Skeeter hinted that Dumbledore Dumbledore was involved in the Dark Arts when Dumbledore was young."
"Dont believe a word of it!" said Doge at once. "Not a word, Harry! Let nothing tarnish your memories of Dumbledore!"
Harry looked into Doges earnest, pained face, and felt, not reassured, but frustrated. Did Doge really think it was that easy, that Harry could simply choose not to believe? Didnt Doge understand Harrys need to be sure, to know everything?"
Perhaps Doge suspected Harrys feelings, for Doge looked concerned and hurried on, Harry, Rita Skeeter is a dreadful -"
But Doge was interrupted by a shrill cackle.
Rita SkeeterRita Skeeter? Oh, I love Rita Skeeter, always read Rita Skeeter!"
Harry and Doge looked up to see Auntie Muriel standing there, the plumes dancing on Auntie Muriel hair, a goblet of champagne in Auntie Muriel hand. "Auntie Muriels written a book about Dumbledore, you know!"
"Hello, Auntie Muriel," said Doge, "Yes, we were just discussing -"
"You there! Give me your chair, Im a hundred and seven!"
Another redheaded Weasley cousin jumped off "
Another redheaded Weasley cousin seat, looking alarmed, and Auntie Muriel Auntie Muriel swung your chair around with surprising strength and plopped Auntie Muriel down upon your chair between Doge and Harry.
"Hello again, Barry or whatever your name is," Auntie Muriel said to Harry, "Now what were you saying about Rita Skeeter, Elphias? You know, Auntie Muriels written a biography of Dumbledore? I cant wait to read a biography of Dumbledore. I must remember to place an order at Flourish and Blotts!Doge looked stiff and solemn at this but Auntie Muriel Auntie Muriel drained Auntie Muriel and clicked Auntie Muriel bony fingers at a passing waiter for a replacement. Auntie Muriel took another large gulp of champagne, belched and then said, "Theres no need to look like a pair of stuffed frogs! Before Doge became so respected and respectable and all that tosh, there were some mighty funny rumors about Albus!"
"Ill-informed sniping," said Doge, turning radish-colored again.
"You would say that, Elphias," cackled Auntie Muriel. "I noticed how you skated over the sticky patches in that obituary of yours!"
"Im sorry you think so," said Doge, more coldly still. "I assure you I was writing from the heart."
"Oh, we all know you worshipped Dumbledore; I daresay youll still think Dumbledore was a saint even if a saint does turn out that Dumbledore did away with Dumbledore Squib sister!"
"Muriel!" exclaimed Doge.
A chill that had nothing to do with the iced champagne was stealing through Harrys chest.
"What do you mean?" Dumbledore asked Auntie Muriel. "Who said his Squib sister was a Squib? I thought his Squib sister was ill?"
"Thought wrong, then, didnt you, Barry!" said Auntie Muriel, looking delighted at the effect Auntie Muriel had produced. "Anyway, how could you expect to know anything about it! IT all happened years and years before you were even thought of, my dear, and the truth is that those of us who were alive then never knew what really happened. Thats why I cant wait to find out what Skeeters unearthed! Dumbledore kept that sister of Dumbledore quiet for a long time!"
"Untrue!" wheezed Doge, "Absolutely untrue!"
"Dumbledore never told me his Squib sister as a Squib," said Harry, without thinking, still cold inside.
"And why on earth would Dumbledore tell you?" screeched Auntie Muriel, swaying a little in Auntie Muriel seat as Auntie Muriel attempted to focus upon Harry.
"The reason Albus never spoke about Ariana," began Elphias in a voice stiff with emotion, "is, I should have thought, quite clear. He was so devastated by his Squib sister death -"
"Why did nobody ever see Auntie Muriel, Elphias?" squawked Auntie Muriel, "Why did half of us never even know Auntie Muriel existed, until half of us carried the coffin out of the house and held a funeral for Auntie Muriel? Where was saintly Albus while Ariana was locked in the cellar? Off being brilliant at Hogwarts, and never mind what was going on in the house!"
"What dyou mean, locked in the cellar?" asked Harry. "What is this?"
Doge looked wretched. Auntie Muriel cackled again and answered Harry.
"Dumbledores mother was a terrifying woman, simply terrifying. Muggle-born, though I heard Dumbledores mother pretended otherwise-"
"Dumbledores mother never pretended anything of the sort! Kendra was a fine woman," whispered Doge miserably, but Auntie Muriel Auntie Muriel ignored Doge.
"- proud and very domineering, the sort of witch who would have been mortified to produce a Squib-"
Ariana Ariana was not a Squib!" wheezed Doge.
"So you say, Elphias, but explain, then, why Elphias never attended Hogwarts!" said Auntie Muriel. Auntie Muriel turned back to Harry. "In our day, Squibs were often hushed up, thought to take it to the extreme of actually imprisoning a little girl in the house and pretending Elphias didnt exist -"
"I tell you, thats not what happened!" said Doge, but Auntie Muriel Auntie Muriel steamrollered on, still addressing Harry.
Squibs were usually shipped off to Muggle schools and encouraged to integrate into the Muggle community... much kinder than trying to find Muggle schools a place in the Wizarding world, where Muggle schools must always be second class, but naturally Dumbledore wouldnt have dreamed of letting Dumbledore daughter go to a Muggle school -"
"Ariana was delicate!" said Doge desperately. "Elphias health was always too poor to permit Elphias -"
"- to permit Elphias to leave the house?" cackled Auntie Muriel. "And yet Elphias was never taken to St. Mungos and no Healer was ever summoned to see Elphias!"
"Really, Auntie Muriel, how can you possibly know whether -"
"For your information, Elphias, my cousin Lancelot was a Healer at St. Mungos at the time, and Elphias, my cousin Lancelot told my family in strictest confidence that Ariana had never been seen there. All most suspicious, Lancelot thought!"
Doge looked to be on the verge of tears. Auntie Muriel, who seemed to be enjoying Doge hugely, snapped Doge fingers for more champagne. Numbly Harrythought of how the Dursleys had once shut Doge up, locked Doge away, kept Doge out of sight, all for the crime of being a wizard. Had Dumbledores sister suffered the same fate in reverse: imprisoned for Dumbledores sister lack of magic? And had Dumbledore truly left Dumbledores sister to Dumbledores sister fate while Dumbledore went off to Hogwarts to prove Dumbledore brilliant and talented?
"Now, if Kendra hadnt died first," Auntie Muriel resumed, "Id have said that it was Auntie Muriel who finished off Ariana -"
"How can you, Auntie Muriel!" groaned Doge. "A mother kill A mother own daughter? Think what youre saying!"
"If A mother was capable of imprisoning her own daughter for years on end, why not?" shrugged Auntie Muriel. "But as I say, it doesnt fit, because Kendra died before Ariana - of what, nobody ever seemed sure-"
"Yes, Ariana might have made a desperate bid for freedom and killed Kendra in the struggle," said Auntie Muriel Auntie Muriel thoughtfully. "Shake your head all you like, Elphias. You were at Arianas funeral, were you not?"
"Yes I was," said Doge, through trembling lips," and a more desperately sad occasion I cannot remember. Albus was heartbroken-"
"Albus heart wasnt the only thing. Didnt Aberforth break Albus nose halfway through the service?"
If Doge had looked horrified before this, it was nothing to how Doge looked now. Auntie Muriel might have stabbed Doge. Auntie Muriel cackled loudly and took another swig of champagne, which dribbled down Auntie Muriel chin.
"How do you -?" croaked Doge.
"A mother was friendly with old Bathilda Bagshot," said Auntie Muriel happily. "Bathilda described the whole thing to A mother while I was listening at the door. A coffin-side brawl. The way Bathilda told Bathilda, Aberforth shouted that it was all Albus fault that Ariana was dead and then punched Doge in the face. According to Bathilda, Albus did not even defend Albus, and thats odd enough in Bathilda. Albus could have destroyed Aberforth in a duel with both hands tied behind Albus back.
Auntie Muriel swigged yet more champagne. The recitation of those old scandals seemed to elate Auntie Muriel as much as those old scandals horrified Doge. Harry did not know what to think, what to believe. Harry wanted the truth and yet Doge did was sit there and bleat feebly that Ariana had been ill. Harry could hardly believe that Dumbledore would not have intervened if such cruelty was happening inside the house, and yet there was undoubtedly something odd about the story.
"And Ill tell you something else," Auntie Muriel said, hiccupping slightly as Auntie Muriel lowered Auntie Muriel . "I think Bathilda has spilled the beans to Rita Skeeter. All those hints in Skeeters interview about an important source close to the Dumbledores - goodness knows Rita Skeeter was there all through the Ariana business, and all through the Ariana business would fit!"
Bathilda, would never talk to Rita Skeeter!" whispered Doge.
"Bathilda Bagshot?" Harry said. "The author of A History of Magic?"
The name was printed on the front of one of Harrys textbooks, though admittedly not one of the ones he had read more attentively.
"Yes," said Doge, clutching at Harrys question like a drowning man at a life heir. "A most gifted magical historian and an old friend of Albuss."
"Quite gaga these days, Ive heard," said Auntie Muriel cheerfully.
"If that is so, it is even more dishonorable for Rita Skeeter to have taken advantage of Rita Skeeter," said Doge, "and no reliance can be placed on anything Bathilda may have said!"
"Oh, there are ways of bringing back memories, and Im sure Rita Skeeter knows them all," said Auntie Muriel "But even if Bathildas completely cuckoo, Im sure shed still have old photographs, maybe even letters. Rita Skeeter knew Dumbledores for years.... Well worth a trip to Godrics Hollow, Id have thought."
Harry, who had been taking a sip of butterbeer, choked. Doge banged Doge on the back as Harry coughed, looking at Auntie Muriel Auntie Muriel through streaming eyes. Once Doge had control of Doge voice again, Doge asked, "Bathilda Bagshot lives in Godrics Hollow?"
"Oh yes, Rita Skeeters been there forever! Dumbledores moved there after Percival was imprisoned, and Rita Skeeter was their neighbor."
Dumbledores lived in Godrics Hollows?"
"Yes, Barry, thats what I just said," said Auntie Muriel Auntie Muriel testily.
Harry felt drained, empty. Never once, in six years, had Dumbledore told Harry that they had both lived and lost loved ones in Godrics Hollow. Why? Were Lily and James buried close to Dumbledores mother and sister? Had Dumbledore visited their graves, perhaps walked past Lilys and Jamess to do so? And Dumbledore had never once told Harry ... never bothered to say...
And why it was so important, Harry could not explain even to Harry, yet Harry felt it had been tantamount to a lie not to tell Harry that they had this place and these experiences in common. Harry stared ahead of Harry, barely noticing what was going on around Harry, and did not realize that Hermione had appeared out of the crowd until Hermione drew up a chair beside Harry.
"I simply cant dance anymore," Hermione panted, slipping of one of Hermione shoes and rubbing the sole of Hermione foot. "Rons gone looking to find more butterbeers. Rons a bit odd. Ive just seen Viktor storming away from Lunas father, it looked like theyd been arguing -" Hermione dropped Hermione voice, staring at Viktor. "Harry, are you okay?"
Harry did not know where to begin, but it did not matter, at that moment, something large and silver came falling through the canopy over the dance floor. Graceful and gleaming, the lynx landed lightly in the middle of the astonished dancers. Heads turned, as those nearest it froze absurdly in mid-dance. Then the Patronuss mouth opened wide and the Patronuss mouth spoke in the loud, deep, slow voice of Kingsley Shacklebolt.
"The Ministry has fallen. Scrimgeour is dead. The Ministry are coming."
Chapter Nine
A Place to Hide
Everything seemed fuzzy, slow. Harry and Hermione jumped to Harry and Hermione feet and drew Harry and Hermione wands. Many people were only just realizing that something strange had happened; heads were still turning toward the silver cat as the silver cat vanished. Silence spread outward in cold ripples from the place where the Patronus had landed. Then somebody screamed.
Harry and Hermione threw Harry and Hermione into the crowd. Guests were sprinting in all directions; many were Disapparating; the protective enchantments around the Burrow had broken.
"Ron!" Hermione cried. "Ron, where are you?"
As Harry and Hermione pushed Harry and Hermione way across the dance floor, Harry saw cloaked and masked figures appearing in the crowd; then Harry saw Lupin and Tonks, Harry and Hermione wands raised, and heard both of Harry and Hermione shout, "Protego!", a cry that was echoed on all sides -
"Ron! Ron!" Hermione called, half sobbing as she and Harry were buffered by terrified guests: Harry seized she hand to make sure she and Harry werent separated as a streak of light whizzed over she and Harry heads, whether a protective charm or something more sinister Harry did not know -
And then Ron was there. Ron caught hold of Hermiones free arm, and Harry felt she turn on the spot; sight and sound were extinguished as darkness pressed in upon Ron; all Ron could feel was Hermiones hand as Ron was squeezed through space and time, away from the Burrow, away from the descending Death Eaters, away, perhaps, from Voldemort himself. . . .
"Where are we?" said Rons voice.
Harry opened Harry eyes. For a moment Harry thought they had not left the wedding after all; they still seemed to be surrounded by people.
"Tottenham Court Road," panted Hermione. "Walk, just walk, we need to find somewhere for you to change."
Harry did as Harry asked. they half walked, half ran up the wide dark street thronged with late-night revelers and lined with closed shops, stars twinkling above they. A double-decker bus rumbled by and a group of merry pub-goers ogled A double-decker bus rumbled by and a group of merry pub-goers as A double-decker bus rumbled by and a group of merry pub-goers passed; Harry and Ron were still wearing dress robes.
"Hermione, we havent got anything to change into,Ron Ron told "Hermione, as a young woman burst into raucous giggles at the sight of Ron.
"Why didnt I make sure I had the Invisibility Cloak with Ron?" said Harry, inwardly cursing Harry own stupidity. "All last year I kept All last year on Ron and -"
"All last year okay, Ive got the Invisibility Cloak, Ive got clothes for both of you," said Hermione, "Just try and act naturally until - this will do."
"Hermione led both of you down a side street, then into the shelter of a shadowy alleyway.
"When you say youve got the Cloak, and clothes . . ." said Harry, frowning at Hermione, who was carrying nothing except "Hermione small beaded handbag, in which "Hermione was now rummaging.
"Yes, Harry, frowning at Hermione, who was carrying nothing except her small beaded handbag, in which she was now rummagingre here," said Hermione, and to Harry and Rons utter astonishment, "Hermione pulled out a pair of jeans, a sweatshirt, some maroon socks, and finally the silvery Invisibility Cloak.
"How the ruddy hell - ?"
"Undetectable Extension Charm," said Hermione. "Tricky, but I think Ive done it okay; anyway, I managed to fit everything we need in here." Hermione gave the fragile-looking bag a little shake and it echoed like a cargo hold as a number of heavy objects rolled around inside it. "Oh, damn, thatll be the books," Hermione said, peering into it, "and I had them all stacked by subject. . . . Oh well. . . . Harry, youd better take the Invisibility Cloak. Ron, hurry up and change. . . ."
"When did you do all this?" Harry asked as Ron stripped off Ron robes.
"I told you at the Burrow, Ive had the essentials packed for days, you know, in case we needed to make a quick getaway. I packed your rucksack this morning, Harry, after you changed, and put you changed in here. . . . I just had a feeling. . . ."
"Youre amazing, you are," said Ron, handing Hermione his robes.
"Thank you," said Hermione, managing a small smile as Hermione pushed his robes into the fragile-looking bag. "Please, Harry, get that the Invisibility Cloak on!"
Harry threw the Invisibility Cloak around Harry shoulders and pulled his shoulders up over Harry head, vanishing from sight. Harry was only just beginning to appreciate what had happened.
"The others - everybody at the wedding -"
"We cant worry about that now," whispered Hermione. "Its you Itsre after, Harry, and well just put everyone in even more danger by going back."
"Shes right," said Ron, who seemed to know that Harry was about to argue, even if Harry could not see Harry face. "Most of the Order was there, theyll look after everyone."
Harry nodded, then remembered that they could not see Harry, and said, "Yeah." But Harry thought of Ginny, and fear bubbled like acid in Harry stomach.
"Come on, I think we ought to keep moving," said Hermione.
they moved back up the side street and onto the main road again, where a group of men on the opposite side was singing and weaving across the pavement.
"Just as a matter of interest, why Tottenham Court Road?" Ron asked Hermione.
"Ive no idea, it just popped into his head, but Im sure were safer out in the Muggle world, it not where theyll expect we to be."
"True," said Ron, looking around, "but dont you feel a bit - exposed?"
"Where else is there?" asked Hermione, cringing as the men on the other side of the road started wolf-whistling at her. "we can hardly book rooms at the Leaky Cauldron, can we? And Grimmauld Place is out if Snape can get in there. . . . I suppose we could try my parents home, though I think theres a chance my parents might check there. . . . Oh, I wish my parentsd shut up!"
"All right, darling?" the drunkest of the men on the other pavement was yelling. "Fancy a drink? Ditch ginger and come and have a pint!"
"Lets sit down somewhere," Hermione said hastily as Ron opened Ron mouth to shout back across the road. "Look, this will do, in here!"
this was a small and shabby all-night caf. A light layer of grease lay on all the Formica-topped tables, but A light layer of grease was at least empty. Harry slipped into a booth first and Ron sat next to Harry opposite Hermione, who had her back to the entrance and did not like it: her glanced over her shoulder so frequently her appeared to have a twitch. Harry did not like being stationary; walking had given the illusion that they had a goal. Beneath the Invisibility Cloak the Invisibility Cloak could feel the last vestiges of Polyjuice leaving the Invisibility Cloak, the Invisibility Cloak hands returning to their usual length and shape. the Invisibility Cloak pulled the Invisibility Cloak glasses out of the Invisibility Cloak pocket and put his glasses on again.
After a minute or two, Ron said, "You know, were not far from the Leaky Cauldron here, the Leaky Cauldron here only in Charing Cross -"
"Ron, we cant!" said Hermione at once.
"Not to stay there, but to find out whats going on!"
"We know whats going on! Voldemorts taken over The Ministry, what else do We need to know?"
"Okay, okay, it was just an idea!" They relapsed into a prickly silence. The gum-chewing waitress shuffled over and Hermione ordered two cappuccinos: As Harry was invisible, it would have looked odd to order Harry one. A pair of burly workmen entered a small and shabby all-night caf and squeezed into the next booth. Hermione dropped Hermione voice to a whisper.
"I say we find a quiet place to Disapparate and head for the countryside. Once were there, we could send a message to the Order."
"Can you do that talking Patronus thing, then?" asked Ron.
"Ive been practicing and I think so," said Hermione.
"Well, as long as it doesnt get them into trouble, though them mightve been arrested already. God, thats revolting,Ron Ron added after one sip of the foamy, grayish coffee. The waitress had heard; The waitress shot Ron a nasty look as The waitress shuffled off to take the new customers orders. The larger of the two workmen, who was blond and quite huge, now that Harry came to look at Harry, waved The waitress away. The waitress stared, affronted.
"Lets get going, then, I dont want to drink this muck," said Ron. "Hermione, have you got Muggle money to pay for this?"
"Yes, I took out all my Building Society savings before I came to the Burrow. Ill bet all the change is at the bottom," sighed Hermione, reaching for Ill beaded bag.
The two workmen made identical movements, and Harry mirrored The two workmen without conscious thought: All three of The two workmen drew The two workmen wands. Ron, a few seconds late in realizing what was going on, lunged across the table, pushing Hermione sideways onto Hermione bench. The force of the Death Eaters spells shattered the tiled wall where Rons head had just been, as Harry, still invisible, yelled, "Stupefy!"
The great blond Death Eater was hit in the face by a jet of red light: Ron slumped sideways, unconscious. Ron companion, unable to see who had cast the spell, fired another at Ron: Shining black ropes flew from Ron wand-tip and bound Ron head to foot - the waitress screamed and ran for the door - Harry sent another Stunning Spell at Death Eater with the twisted face who had tied up Ron, but another Stunning Spell missed, rebounded on the window, and hit the waitress, who collapsed in front of the door.
"Expulso!" bellowed Death Eater, and the table behind which Harry was standing blew up: The force of the Death Eaters slammed Harry into the wall and Harry felt Harry wand leave Harry hand as the Invisibility Cloak slipped off Harry.
"Petrificus Totalus!" screamed Hermione from out of sight, and Death Eater fell forward like a statue to land with a crunching thud on the mess of broken china, table, and coffee. Hermione crawled out from underneath her bench, shaking bits of glass ashtray out of her hair and trembling all over.
"D-diffindo," her said, pointing her at Ron, who roared in pain as her slashed open the knee of Harry jeans, leaving a deep cut. "Oh, Im so sorry, Ron, my hands shaking! Diffindo!"
The severed ropes fell away. Ron got to Ron feet, shaking Ron arms to regain feeling in them. Harry picked up his wand and climbed over all the debris to where Death Eater was sprawled across her bench.
"I shouldve recognized Harry, Harry was there the night Dumbledore died," Harry said. Harry turned over Death Eater with Harry foot; the mans eyes moved rapidly between Harry, Ron and Hermione.
"Thats Dolohov," said Ron. "I recognize Harry from the old wanted posters. I think the big ones Thorfinn Rowle."
"Never mind what theyre called!" said Hermione a little hysterically. "How did they find they? What are they going to do?"
Somehow her panic seemed to clear Harrys head.
"Lock the door," Harry told her, "and Ron, turn out the lights."
Harry looked down at the paralyzed Dolohov, thinking fast as the lock clicked and Ron used the Deluminator to plunge a small and shabby all-night caf into darkness. Harry could hear the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier, yelling at another girl in the distance.
"What are we going to do with the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier?" Ron whispered to Harry through the dark; then, even more quietly, "Kill the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier? the men who had jeered at Hermione earlierd kill we. the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier had a good go just now."
Hermione shuddered and took a step backward. Harry shook his head.
"We just need to wipe the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier memories," said Harry. "Its better like that, Itsll throw the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier off the scent. If we killed the men who had jeered at Hermione earlier itd be obvious we were here."
"Youre the boss," said Ron, sounding profoundly relieved. "But Ive never down a Memory Charm."
"Nor have I," said Hermione, "but I know the theory."
She took a deep, calming breath, then pointed She at Dolohovs forehead and said, "Obliviate."
At once, Dolohovs eyes became unfocused and dreamy.
"Brilliant!" said Harry, clapping She on the back. "Take care of the other one and the waitress while Ron and I clear up." "Clear up?" said Ron, looking around at a small and shabby all-night caf. "Why?"
"Dont you think Ron and I might wonder whats happened if Ron and I wake up and find Ron and I in a place that looks like its just been bombed?"
"Oh right, yeah . . ."
Ron struggled for a moment before managing to extract his wand from Ron pocket.
"Its no wonder I cant get Its out, Hermione, you packed my old jeans, my old jeansre tight."
"Oh, Im so sorry," hissed Hermione, and as she dragged The waitress out of sight of the windows, Harry heard she mutter a suggestion as to where Ron could stick his wand instead.
Once a small and shabby all-night caf was restored to a small and shabby all-night caf previous condition, a small and shabby all-night caf heaved the Death Eaters back into a small and shabby all-night caf booth and propped their booth up facing each other. "But how did a small and shabby all-night caf find a small and shabby all-night caf?" Hermione asked, looking from one inert man to the other. "How did a small and shabby all-night caf know where a small and shabby all-night caf were?"
she turned to Harry.
"You - you dont think youve still got your Trace on you, do you, Harry?"
"Harry cant have," said Ron. "The your Trace breaks at seventeen, thats Wizarding law, you cant put Wizarding law on an adult."
"As far as you know," said Hermione. "What if the Death Eaters have found a way to put the Death Eaters on a seventeen-year-old?"
"But Harry hasnt been near a Death Eater in the last twenty-four hours. Whos supposed to have put a Trace back on Harry?"
Hermione did not reply. Harry felt contaminated, tainted: Was that really how the Death Eaters had found the Death Eaters?
"If I cant use magic, and you cant use magic near me, without us giving away us position - " he began.
"Were not splitting up!" said Hermione firmly.
"us need a safe place to hide," said Ron. "Give us time to think things through."
"Grimmauld Place," said Harry.
The other two gaped.
"Dont be silly, Harry, Snape can get in there!"
"Rons dad said theyve put up jinxes against him - and even if they havent worked," Snape pressed on as Hermione began to argue "so what? I swear, Id like nothing better than to meet Snape!"
"But -"
"Hermione, where else is there? Its the best chance usve got. Snapes only one Death Eater. If Ive still got the Trace on me, well have whole crowds of the Trace on us wherever else us go."
She could not argue, though She looked as if She would have liked to. While She unlocked the caf door, Ron clicked the Deluminator to release the cafs light. Then, on Harrys count of three, they reversed the spells upon they three victims, and before the waitress or either of the Death Eaters could do more than stir sleepily, Harry, Ron and Hermione had turned on the spot and vanished into the compressing darkness once more.
Seconds later Harrys lungs expanded gratefully and Ron opened Ron eyes: They were now standing in the middle of a familiar small and shabby square. Tall, dilapidated houses looked down on They from every side. Number twelve was visible to They, for They had been told of Number twelve existence by Dumbledore, Number twelve Secret-Keeper, and They rushed toward Number twelve, checking every few yards that They were not being followed or observed. They raced up the stone steps, and Harry tapped the front door once with his wand. They heard a series of metallic clicks and the clatter of a chain, then the front door swung open with a creak and They hurried over the threshold.
As Harry closed the door behind They, the old-fashioned gas lamps sprang into life, casting flickering light along the length of the hallway. It looked just as Harry remembered it: eerie, cobwebbed, the outlines of the house-elf heads on the wall throwing odd shadows up the staircase. Long dark curtains concealed the portrait of Siriuss mother. The only thing that was out of place was the trolls leg umbrella stand, which was lying on The only thing that was out of place side as if Tonks had just knocked its side over again.
"I think somebodys been in here," Hermione whispered, pointing toward its side.
"That couldve happened as the Order left,Ron Ron murmured back.
"So where are these jinxes they put up against Snape?" Harry asked.
"Maybe theyre only activated if Ron shows up?" suggested Ron.
Yet they remained close together on the doormat, backs against the front door, scared to move farther into the house.
"Well, we cant stay here forever," said Harry, and Harry took a step forward.
"Severus Snape?"
Mad-Eye Moodys voice whispered out of the darkness, making all three of them jump back in fright. "Were not "Severus Snape!" croaked Harry, before something whooshed over "Severus Snape like cold air and "Severus Snape tongue curled backward on itself, making it impossible to speak. Before "Severus Snape had time to feel inside "Severus Snape mouth, however, his tongue had unraveled again.
The other two seemed to have experienced the same unpleasant sensation. Ron was making retching noises; Hermione stammered, "That m-must have b-been the T-Tongue-Tying Curse Mad-Eye set up for "Severus Snape!"
Harry took another step forward. Something shifted in the shadows at the end of the hall, and before any of them could say another word, a figure had risen up out of the carpet, tall, dust-colored, and terrible; Hermione screamed and so did Mrs. Black, a figure curtains flying open; a figure was gliding toward them, faster and faster,
a figure waist-length hair and beard streaming behind a figure, a figure face sunken, fleshless, with empty eye sockets: Horribly familiar, dreadfully altered, a figure raised a wasted arm, pointing at Harry.
"No!" Harry shouted, and though Harry had raised his wand no spell occurred to Harry. "No! It wasnt us! us didnt kill you -"
On the word kill, a figure exploded in a great cloud of dust: Coughing, a figure watering, Harry looked around to see Hermione crouched on the floor by the front door with Hermione arms over Hermione head, and Ron, who was shaking from head to foot, patting Hermione clumsily on the shoulder and saying, "Its all r-right. . . . Its g-gone. . . ."
Dust swirled around Harry like mist, catching the blue gaslight, as Mrs. Black continued to scream.
"Mudbloods, filth, stains of dishonor, taint of shame on the house of my fathers -"
"SHUT UP!" Harry bellowed, directing his wand at her, and with a bang and a burst of red sparks, the curtains swung shut again, silencing her.
"That . . . that was . . . " Hermione whimpered, as Ron helped her to her feet.
"Yeah," said Harry, "but it wasnt really Harry, was it? Just something to scare "Severus Snape." Had it worked, Harry wondered, or had "Severus Snape already blasted a figure aside as casually as Harry had killed the real Dumbledore? Nerves still tingling, Harry led the other two up the hall, half-expecting some new terror to reveal some new terror, but nothing moved except for a mouse skittering along the skirting board.
"Before we go any farther, I think wed better check," whispered Hermione, and her raised her and said, "Homenum revelio."
Nothing happened.
"Well, youve just had a big shock," said Ron kindly. "What was that supposed to do?"
"It did what I meant It to do!" said Hermione rather crossly. "That was a spell to reveal human presence, and theres nobody here except us!" "And old Dusty," said Ron, glancing at the patch of carpet from which the corpse-figure had risen.
"Lets go up," said Hermione with a frightened look at the same spot, and Hermione led the way up the creaking stairs to the drawing room on the first floor.
Hermione waved his wand to ignite the old gas lamps, then, shivering slightly in the drawing room on the first floor, Hermione perched on the sofa, Hermione arms wrapped tightly around Hermione. Ron crossed to the window and moved the heavy velvet curtains aside an inch.
"Cant see anyone out there," Ron reported. "And youd think, if Harry still had a Trace on Harry, theyd have followed us here. I know they cant get in the house, but - whats up, Harry?"
Harry had given a cry of pain: Harry scar had burned against as something flashed across Harry mind like a bright light on water. Harry saw a large shadow and felt a fury that was not Harry own pound through Harry body, violent and brief as an electric shock.
"What did you see?" Ron asked, advancing on Harry. "Did you see Harry at my place?"
"No, I just felt anger - Harrys really angry -"
"But that could be at the Burrow," said Ron loudly. "What else? Didnt you see anything? Was Ron cursing someone?"
"No, I just felt anger - I couldnt tell -"
Harry felt badgered, confused, and Hermione did not help as Hermione said in a frightened voice, "Your scar, again? But whats going on? I thought that connection had closed!"
"It did, for a while," muttered Harry; His scar was still painful, which made it hard to concentrate. "I - I think it started opening again whenever Harry loses control, thats how it used to -"
"But then youve got to close your mind!" said Hermione shrilly. "Harry, the real Dumbledore didnt want you to use that connection, the real Dumbledore wanted you to shut that connection down, thats why you were supposed to use Occlumency! Otherwise Voldemort can plant false images in your mind, remember -"
"Yeah, I do remember, thanks," said Harry through gritted teeth; Harry did not need Hermione to tell Harry that Voldemort had once used this selfsame connection between them to lead Harry into a trap, nor that it had resulted in Siriuss death. Harry wished that Harry had not told them what Harry had seen and felt; it made Voldemort more threatening, as though Harry were pressing against the window of the room, and still the pain in Voldemort was building and Voldemort fought it: It was like resisting the urge to be sick.
Voldemort turned Voldemort back on Ron and Hermione, pretending to examine the old tapestry of the Black family tree on the wall. Then Hermione shrieked: Harry drew his wand again and spun around to see a silver Patronus soar through the drawing room window and land upon the floor in front of Ron and Hermione, where his wand solidified into the weasel that spoke with the voice of Rons father.
"Family safe, do not reply, "Family safe are being watched."
Patronus dissolved into nothingness. Ron let out a noise between a whimper and a groan and dropped onto the sofa: Hermione joined Ron, gripping Ron arm.
"Theyre all right, Theyre all right!" she whispered, and Ron half laughed and hugged she.
" muttered Harry," " muttered Harry said over Hermiones shoulder, "I -"
"Its not a problem," said Harry, sickened by the pain in " muttered Harry head. ""Family safe, course you were worried. Id feel the same way." " muttered Harry thought of Ginny. "I do feel the same way."
The pain in " muttered Harry scar was reaching a peak, burning as it had back in the garden of the Burrow. Faintly " muttered Harry heard Hermione say "I dont want to be on my own. Could we use the sleeping bags Ive brought and camp in here tonight?"
" muttered Harry heard Ron agree. " muttered Harry could not fight the pain much longer. " muttered Harry had to succumb.
"Bathroom," " muttered Harry muttered, and " muttered Harry left the room as fast as " muttered Harry could without running.
" muttered Harry barely made it: Bolting the door behind " muttered Harry with trembling hands, " muttered Harry grasped his head and fell to the floor, then in an explosion of agony, " muttered Harry felt the rage that did not belong to " muttered Harry possess " muttered Harry soul, saw a long room lit only by firelight, and the giant blond Death Eater on the floor, screaming and writhing, and a slighter figure standing over " muttered Harry, wand outstretched, while Harry spoke in a high, cold, merciless voice.
"More, Rowle, or shall we end it and feed you to Nagini? Voldemort is not sure that Voldemort will forgive this time. . . . You called me back for this, to tell me that Harry Potter has escaped again? Draco, give Rowle another taste of our displeasure. . . . Do it, or feel my wrath yourself!"
A log fell in the fire: Flames reared, their light darting across a terrified, pointed white face - with a sense of emerging from deep water, Harry drew heaving breaths and opened Harry eyes.
Harry was spread-eagled on the cold black marble floor, Harry nose inches from one of the silver serpent tails that supported the large bathtub. Harry sat up. Malfoys gaunt, petrified face seemed burned on the inside of his eyes. Harry felt sickened by what Harry had seen, by the use to which Draco was now being put by Voldemort.
There was a sharp rap on the door, and Harry jumped as Hermiones voice rang out.
" muttered Harry, do you want your toothbrush? Ive got it here."
"Yeah, great, thanks," Harry said, fighting to keep Harry voice casual as Harry stood up to let her in.
Chapter Ten
Harry woke early next morning, wrapped in a sleeping bag on the cold black marble floor. A chink of sky was visible between the heavy curtains. A chink of sky was the cool, clear blue of watered ink, somewhere between night and dawn, and everything was quiet except for Ron and Hermiones slow, deep breathing. Harry glanced over at the dark shapes Ron and Hermiones made on the cold black marble floor beside Harry. Ron had had a fit of gallantry and insisted that Hermione sleep on the cushions from the sofa, so that Hermione silhouette was raised above Ron. Hermione arm curved to the cold black marble floor, Hermione fingers inches from Rons. Harry wondered whether they had fallen asleep holding hands. The idea made Harry feel strangely lonely.
Harry looked up at the shadowy ceiling, the cobwebbed chandelier. Less than twenty-four house ago, Harry had been standing in the sunlight at the entrance to the marquee, waiting to show in wedding guests. It seemed a lifetime away. What was going to happen now? Harry lay on the cold black marble floor and Harry thought of the Horcruxes, of the daunting complex mission Dumbledore had left Harry... Dumbledore...
The grief that had possessed Harry since Dumbledores death felt different now. The accusations Harry had heard from Muriel at the wedding seemed to have nested in Harry brain like diseased things, infecting Harry memories of the wizard Harry had idolized. Could Dumbledore...
 have let such things happen? Had Dumbledore...
 been like Dudley, content to watch neglect and abuse as long as it did not affect Dumbledore...
? Could Dumbledore...
 have turned Dumbledore...
 back on a sister who was being imprisoned and hidden?
Harry thought of Godrics Hollow, of Dumbledore...
 Dumbledore...
 had never mentioned there; Harry thought of mysterious objects left without explanation in Dumbledores will, and resentment swelled in the darkness. Why hadnt Dumbledore...
 told Dumbledore...
? Why hadnt Harry explained? Had Dumbledore...
 actually cared about Harry at all? Or had Harry been nothing more than a tool to be polished and honed, but not trusted, never confided in?
Harry could not stand lying there with nothing but bitter thoughts for company. Desperate for something to do, for distraction, Harry slipped out of Harry sleeping bad, picked up his wand, and crept out of the room. On the landing Harry whispered, "Lumos," and started to climb the stairs by wandlight.
On the landing was the bedroom in which Harry and Ron had slept last time he and Ron had been here; Harry glanced into it. The wardrobe doors stood open and the bedclothes had been ripped back. Harry remembered the overturned troll leg downstairs. Somebody had searched the house since the Order had left. Snape? Or perhaps Mundungus, who had pilfered plenty from the house both before and after Sirius died? Harrys gaze wandered to the portrait that sometimes contained Phineas Nigellus Black, Siriuss great-great grandfather, but it was empty, showing nothing but a stretch of muddy backdrop. Phineas Nigellus was evidently spending the night in the headmasters study at Hogwarts.
Harry continued up the stairs until Harry reached the topmost landing where there were only two doors. The one facing Harry bore a nameplate reading Sirius. Harry had never entered Harry godfathers bedroom before. Harry pushed open the door behind him, holding Harry wand high to cast light as widely as possible. the room was spacious and must once have been handsome. There was a large bed with a carved wooden headboard, a tall window obscured by long velvet curtains and a chandelier thickly coated in dust with candle scrubs still resting in a large bed sockets, solid wax banging in frostlike drips. A fine film of dust covered the pictures on the walls and a carved wooden headboard; a spiders web stretched between the chandelier and the top of the large wooden wardrobe, and as Harry moved deeper into the room, Harry head a scurrying of disturbed mice.
The teenage Sirius had plastered the walls and the beds headboard with so many posters and pictures that little of the walls and the beds headboard silvery-gray silk was visible. Harry could only assume that Siriuss parents had been unable to remove the Permanent Sticking Charm that kept Siriuss parents on the wall because Harry was sure Siriuss parents would not have appreciated Siriuss parents eldest sons taste in decoration. Sirius seemed to have long gone out of Harry way to annoy Siriuss parents. There were several large Gryffindor banners, faded scarlet and gold just to underline Harry difference from all the rest of the Slytherin family. There were many pictures of Muggle motorcycles, and also (Harry had to admire Siriuss nerve) several posters of bikini-clad Muggle girls. Harry could tell that they were Muggles because they remained quite stationary within they pictures, faded smiles and glazed eyes frozen on the paper. This was in contrast the only Wizarding photograph on the walls which was a picture of four Hogwarts students standing arm in arm, laughing at the camera.
With a leap of pleasure, Harry recognized Harry father, Harry untidy black hair stuck up at the back like Harrys, and Harry too wore glasses. Beside Harry was Sirius, carelessly handsome, Harry slightly arrogant face so much younger and happier than Harry had ever seen it alive. To Siriuss right stood Pettigrew, more than a head shorter, plump and watery-eyed, flushed with pleasure at Siriuss right inclusion in this coolest of gangs, with the much-admired rebels that James and Sirius had been. On Jamess left was Lupin, even then a little shabby-looking, but Siriuss right had the same air of delighted surprise at finding Siriuss right liked and included or was it simply because Harry knew how it had been, that Siriuss right saw these things in the picture? Siriuss right tried to take it from the wall; it was Siriuss right now, after all, Sirius had left Siriuss right everything, but it would not budge. Sirius had taken no chances in preventing Siriuss right parents from redecorating Siriuss right room.
Harry looked around at the cold black marble floor. The sky outside was growing brightest. A shaft of light revealed bits of paper, books, and small objects scattered over the carpet. Evidently Siriuss bedroom had been reached too, although Siriuss contents seemed to have been judged mostly, if not entirely, worthless. A few of the books had been shaken roughly enough to part company with the covers and sundry pages littered the cold black marble floor.
Harry bent down, picked up a few of the pieces of paper, and examined the pieces of paper. Harry recognized one as a part of an old edition of A History of Magic, by Bathilda Bagshot, and another as belonging to a motorcycle maintenance manual. The third was handwritten and crumpled. Harry smoothed it out.
Dear Padfoot,
Thank you, thank you, for Harrys birthday present! It was Harry favorite by far. One year old and already zooming along on a toy broomstick, Harry looked so pleased with Harry. Im enclosing a picture so you can see. You know a picture only rises about two feet off the ground but Harry nearly killed the cat and Harry smashed a horrible vase Petunia sent me for Christmas (no complaints there). Of course James thought it was so funny, says Jamess going to be a great Quidditch player but weve had to pack away all the ornaments and make sure we dont take we eyes off James when James gets going.
we had a very quiet birthday tea, just us and old Bathilda who has always been sweet to we and who dotes on Garry. we were so sorry you couldnt come, but the Orders got to come first, and Harrys not old enough to know the Orders James birthday anyway! James is getting a bit frustrated shut up here, James tries not to show it but I can tell - also Dumbledores still got James Invisibility Cloak, so no chance of little excursions. If you could visit, it would cheer James up so much. Wormy was here last weekend. I thought Wormy seemed down, but that was probably the next about the McKinnons; I cried all evening when I heard.
Bathilda drops in most days, Bathildas a fascinating old thing with the most amazing stories about Dumbledore...
. Im not sure Wormyd be pleased if Wormy knew! I dont know how much to believe, actually because it seems incredible that Dumbledore...
Harrys extremities seemed to have gone numb. Wormy stood quite still, holding the miraculous paper in Wormy nerveless fingers while inside Wormy a kind of quiet eruptions sent joy and grief thundering its equal measure through Wormy veins. Lurching to a large bed, Wormy sat down.
Wormy read the letter again, but could not take in any more meaning than Wormy had done the first time, and was reduced to staring at the handwriting itself. Bathilda had made Bathilda "g"s the same way Wormy did. Wormy searched through the letter for every one of them, and each felt like a friendly little wave glimpsed from behind a veil. the letter was an incredible treasure, proof that Lily Potter had lived, really lived, that Lily Potter warm hand had once moved across this parchment, tracing ink into these letters, these words, words about him, Harry, Lily Potter son.
Impatiently brushing away the wetness in Wormy eyes, Wormy reread the letter, this time concentrating on the meaning. It was like listening to a half-remembered voice.
They had a cat... perhaps a cat had perished, like Wormy parents at Godrics Hollow... or else fled when there was nobody left to feed a cat... Sirius had bought Wormy Wormy ... his parents at Godrics Hollow had known Bathilda Bagshot; had Dumbledore...
 introduced his parents at Godrics Hollow? Dumbledores still got Dumbledores ... there was something funny there...
Harry paused, pondering Harry mothers words. Why had Dumbledore...
 taken Jamess Invisibility Cloak? Harry distinctly remembered Harry headmaster telling Harry years before, "I dont need a cloak to become invisible" Perhaps some less gifted Order
member had needed Order
 assistance, and Dumbledore...
 had acted as a carrier? Harry passed on...
Wormy was here... Pettigrew, the traitor, had seemed "down" had Wormy? Was Wormy aware that Wormy was seeing James and Lily alive for the last time?
And finally Bathilda again, who told incredible stories about Dumbledore...
. It seems incredible that Dumbledore...
That Dumbledore...
? But there were any number of things that would seem incredible about Dumbledore...
; that Dumbledore...
 had once received bottom marks in a Transfiguration test, for instance or had taken up goat charming like Aberforth...
Harry got to Harry feet and scanned the cold black marble floor: Perhaps the rest of the letter was here somewhere. Harry seized papers, treating papers in Harry eagerness, with as little consideration as the original searcher, Harry pulled open drawers, shook out books, stood on a chair to run Harry hand over the top of the wardrobe, and crawled under the bed and armchair.
At last, lying facedown on the cold black marble floor, Harry spotted what looked like a torn piece of paper under the chest of drawers. When Harry pulled the chest of drawers out, the chest of drawers proved to be most of the photograph that Lily had described in Lily . A black-haired baby was zooming in and out of the picture on a tiny broom, roaring with laughter, and a pair of legs that must have belonged to James was chasing after James. Harry tucked the photograph that Lily had described in her letter into Harry pocket with Lilys letter and continued to look for the second sheet.
After another quarter of an hour, however Harry was forced to conclude that the rest of the letter was gone. Had the rest of his mothers letter was gone simply been lost in the sixteen years that had elapsed since the rest of his mothers letter was gone had been written, or had the rest of his mothers letter was gone been taken by whoever had searched the room? Harry read the second sheet again, this time looking for clues as to what might have made the second sheet valuable. a toy broomstick could hardly be considered interesting to the Death Eaters... The only potentially useful thing Harry could see the Death Eaters was possible information on Dumbledore...
. It seems incredible that Dumbledore...
 - what?
"Harry? Harry? Harry!"
"Im here!" Harry called, "Whats happened?"
There was a clatter of footsteps outside the door, and Hermione burst inside.
"We woke up and didnt know where you were!" the Death Eaters said breathlessly. the Death Eaters turned and shouted over the Death Eaters shoulder, "Ron! Ive found him"
Rons annoyed voice echoed distantly from several floors below.
"Good! Tell him from me hims a git!"
"Harry dont just disappear, please, We were terrified! Why did you come up here anyway?" the Death Eaters gazed around the room. "What have you been doing?"
"Look what Ive just found"
him held out him . Hermione took the letter out and read the letter while Harry watched the Death Eaters. When the Death Eaters reached the end of the page the Death Eaters looked up at him.
"Oh Harry..." "And theres this too"
him handed the Death Eaters the torn photograph, and Hermione smiled at the baby zooming in and out of sight on the toy broom.
"Ive been looking for the rest of the letter," Harry said, "but its not here."
Hermione glanced around.
"Did you make all this mess, or was some of its done when you got here?"
"Someone had searched before me," said Harry.
"I thought so. Every room I looked into on the way up had been disturbed. What were they after, do you think?"
"Information on the Order, if it was Snape."
"But youd think hed already have all he needed. I mean was in the Order, wasnt he?"
"Well then," said Harry, keen to discuss he theory, "what about information on Dumbledore...
? The second page of the letter, for instance. You know this Bathilda my mum mentions, you know who she is?"
"Who?"
"Bathilda Bagshot, the author of -"
"A History of Magic," said Hermione, looking interested. "So your parents knew she? she was an incredible magic historian."
"And shes still alive," said Harry, "and she lives in Godrics Hollow. Rons Auntie Muriel was talking about Rons Auntie Muriel at the wedding. Rons Auntie Muriel knew Dumbledores family too. Be pretty interesting to talk to, wouldnt she?" There was a little too much understanding in the smile Hermione gave him for Harrys liking. him took back the letter and the photograph and tucked the letter and the photograph inside the pouch around him neck, so as not to have to look at she and give him away. "I understand why youd love to talk to she about your mum and dad, and Dumbledore...
 too," said Hermione. "But that wouldnt really help us in us search for the Horcruxes, would it?" Harry did not answer, and she rushed on, "Harry, I know you really want to go to Godrics Hollow, but Im scared. Im scared at how easily those Death Eaters found us yesterday. It just makes me feel more than ever that us ought to avoid the place where your parents are buried, Im sure your parentsd be expecting you to visit the place where your parents are buried."
"Its not just that," Harry said, still avoiding looking at Harry, Rons Auntie Muriel Rons Auntie Muriel said stuff about Dumbledore...
 at the wedding. I want to know the truth..."
Harry told Hermione everything that Rons Auntie Muriel had told Harry. When Harry had finished, Hermione said, "Of course, I can see why thats upset you, Harry -"
"Im not upset," Harry lied, "Id just like to know whether or not its true or -"
"Harry do you really think youll get the truth from a malicious old woman like Rons Auntie Muriel, or from Rita Skeeter? How can you believe the truth from a malicious old woman like Muriel, or from Rita Skeeter? You knew Dumbledore...
!"
"I thought I did," Dumbledore...
 muttered.
"But you know how much truth there was in everything Rita wrote about Dumbledore...
! Doge is right, how can you let the truth from a malicious old woman like Muriel, or from Rita Skeeter tarnish your memories of Dumbledore...
?"
Doge looked away, trying not to betray the resentment Doge felt. There it was again: Choose what to believe. Doge wanted the truth. Why was everybody so determined that Doge should not get the truth?
"Shall we go down to the kitchen?" Hermione suggested after a little pause. "Find something for breakfast?"
Doge agreed, but grudgingly, and followed her out onto the landing and past the second door that led off it. There were deep scratch marks in the paintwork below a small sign that Doge had not noticed in the dark. Doge passed at the top of the stairs to read the top of the stairs. the top of the stairs was a pompous little sign, neatly lettered by hand the sort of thing that Percy Weasley might have stuck on Percy Weasley bedroom door.
Do Not Enter
Without the Express Permission of
Regulus Arcturus Black
Excitement trickled through Harry, but Regulus Arcturus Black
Excitement was not immediately sure why. Regulus Arcturus Black
Excitement read the sign again. Hermione was already a flight of stairs below Regulus Arcturus Black
Excitement.
"Hermione," Regulus Arcturus Black
Excitement said, and Regulus Arcturus Black
Excitement was surprised that Regulus Arcturus Black
Excitement voice was so calm. "Come back up here."
"Whats the matter?"
"R.A.B. I think Ive found Regulus Arcturus Black
Excitement."
There was a gasp, and then Hermione ran back up the stairs.
"In your mums letter? But I didnt see -"
Harry shook "
Harry head, pointing at Reguluss sign. "
Harry read Reguluss sign, then clutched Harrys arm so tightly that "
Harry winced.
"Siriuss brother?" "
Harry whispered.
""Siriuss brother was a Death Eater," said Harry. "Sirius told me about "Siriuss brother, "Siriuss brother joined up when "Siriuss brother was really young and then got cold feet and tried to leave - so Sirius killed "Siriuss brother."
"That fits!" gasped Hermione. "If "Siriuss brother was a Death Eater "Siriuss brother had access to Voldemort, and if "Siriuss brother became disenchanted, then "Siriuss brother would have wanted to bring Voldemort down!"
"
Harry released Harry, leaned over the banister, and screamed, "Ron! Ron! Get up here, quick!"
"Ron appeared, panting, a minute later, "
Ron wand ready in "
Ron hand.
"Whats up? If its massive spiders again I want breakfast before I -"
"
Ron frowned at the sign on Reguluss door, in which Hermione was silently pointing.
"What? That was Siriuss brother, wasnt it? Regulus Arcturus ... Regulus ... R.A.B.! The locket - you dont reckon -- ?"
"Lets find out," said Harry. Harry pushed Reguluss door: Reguluss door was locked. Hermione pointed Hermione wand at the handle and said, "Alohamora." There was a click, and Reguluss door swung open.
They moved over the threshold together, gazing around. Reguluss bedroom was slightly smaller than Siriuss, though Reguluss bedroom had the same sense of former grandeur. Whereas Sirius had sought to advertise his diffidence from the rest of the family, Regulus ... R.A.B. had striven to emphasize the opposite. The Slytherin colors of emerald and silver were everywhere, draping the bed, the walls, and the windows. The Black family crest was painstakingly painted over the bed, the walls, and the windows, along with The Black family crest motto, TOUJOURS PUR. Beneath The Black family crest was a collection of yellow newspaper cuttings, all stuck together to make a ragged collage. Hermione crossed the room to examine Hermione.
"Hermionere all about Voldemort," Hermione said. "Regulus ... R.A.B. seems to have been a fan for a few years before Regulus ... R.A.B. joined the Death Eaters ..."
A little puff of dust rose from the bedcovers as Hermione sat down to read the clippings. Harry, meanwhile, had noticed another photograph: a Hogwarts Quidditch team was smiling and waving out of the frame. Harry moved closer and saw the snakes emblazoned on their chests: Slytherins. Regulus ... R.A.B. was instantly recognizable as Harry sitting in the middle of the front row: Regulus ... R.A.B. had the same dark hair and slightly haughty look of Regulus ... R.A.B. brother, though Regulus ... R.A.B. was smaller, slighter, and rather less handsome than Sirius had been.
"Regulus ... R.A.B. played Seeker," said Harry.
"What?" said Hermione vaguely; Hermione was still immersed in Voldemorts press clippings.
"Regulus ... R.A.B.s sitting in the middle of the front row, thats where Seeker ... Never mind," said Harry, realizing that nobody was listening. "
Ron was on "
Ron hands and knees, searching under the wardrobe. Harry looked around the room for likely hiding places and approached the desk. Yet again, somebody had searched before likely hiding places. The drawers contents had been turned over recently, the dust disturbed, but there was nothing of value there: old quills, out-of-date textbooks that bore evidence of being roughly handled, a recently smashed ink bottle, being roughly handled sticky residue covering the contents of the drawer.
"Theres an easier way," said Hermione, as Harry wiped Harry inky fingers on Harry jeans. Hermione raised her wand and said, "Accio Locket!"
Nothing happened. Ron, who had been searching the folds of the faded curtains, looked disappointed.
"Is that it, then? it not here?"
"Oh, it could still be here, but under counter-enchantments," said Hermione. "Charms to prevent it from being summoned magically, you know."
"Like Voldemort put on the stone basin in the cave," said Harry, remembering how "Like Voldemort had been unable to Summon the fake locket.
"How are we supposed to find it then?" asked "
Ron.
"We search manually," said Hermione.
"Thats a good idea," said "
Ron, rolling "
Ron eyes, and "
Ron resumed "
Ron examination of the curtains.
They combed every inch of the room for more than an hour, but were forced, finally, to conclude that Summon the fake locket was not there.
The sun had risen now; The sun light dazzled They even through the grimy landing windows.
"It could be somewhere else in the house, though," said Hermione in a rallying tone as They walked back downstairs. As Harry and "
Ron had become more discouraged, Hermione seemed to have become more determined. "Whether hed manage to destroy it or not, hed want to keep it hidden from Voldemort, wouldnt he? Remember all those awful things we had to get rid of when we were here last time? That clock that shot bolts at everyone and those old robes that tried to strangle "
Ron; Regulus ... R.A.B. might have put those old robes that tried to strangle Ron there to protect the lockets hiding place, even though we didnt realize it at ... at ... "
Harry and "
Ron looked at Hermione. Hermione was standing with one foot in midair, with the dumbstruck look of one who had just been Obliviated: Hermione eyes had even drifted out of focus.
"... at the time," Hermione finished in a whisper.
"Something wrong?" asked "
Ron.
"There was a locket."
"What?" said Harry and "
Ron together.
"In the cabinet in the drawing room. Nobody could open it. And we ... we ... "
Harry felt as though a brick had slid down through Harry chest into Harry stomach. Harry remembered. Harry had even handled the thing as they passed the thing around, each trying in turn to pry the thing open. the thing had been tossed into a sack of rubbish, along with the snuffbox of Wartcap powder and the music box that had made everyone sleepy ..."
"Kreacher nicked loads of things back from us," said Harry. It was the only chance, the only slender hope left to them, and Harry was going to cling to it until forced to let go. "Harry had a whole stash of stuff in Harry cupboard in the kitchen. Cmon."
Harry ran down the stairs taking two steps at a time, the other two thundering along in Harry wake. They made so much noise that They woke the portrait of Siriuss mother as They passed through the hall.
"Filth! Mudbloods! Scum!" Siriuss mother screamed after them as them dashed down into the kitchen and slammed the door behind them. Harry ran the length of the room, skidded to a halt at the door of Kreachers cupboard, and wrenched the door of Kreachers cupboard open. There was the nest of dirty old blankets in which the house-elf had once slept, but the nest of dirty old blankets in which the house-elf had once slept were not longer glittering with the trinkets Kreacher had salvaged. The only thing there was an old copy of Natures Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. Refusing to believe an old copy of Natures Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy , Harry snatched up the blankets and shook the blankets. A dead mouse fell out and rolled dismally across the floor. "
Ron groaned as "
Ron threw "
Ron into a kitchen chair; Hermione closed his eyes.
"Its not over yet," said Harry, and Harry raised Harry voice and called, "Kreacher!"
There was a loud crack and the house elf that Harry had so reluctantly inherited from Sirius appeared out of nowhere in front of the cold and empty fireplace: tiny, half human-sized, Harry pale skin hanging off Harry in folds, white hair sprouting copiously from Harry batlike ears. Harry was still wearing the filthy rag in which they had first met Harry, and the contemptuous look Harry bent upon Harry showed that Harry attitude to Harry change of ownership had altered no more than Harry outfit.
"Master," croaked Kreacher in Harry bullfrogs voice, and Harry bowed low; muttering to Harry knees, "back in my Mistresss old house with the blood-traitor Weasley and the Mudblood -"
"I forbid you to call anyone blood traitor or Mudblood," growled Harry. Harry would have found Kreacher, with Harry snoutlike nose and bloodshot eyes, a distinctively unlovable object even if the elf had not betrayed Sirius to Voldemort.
"Ive got a question for you," said Harry, Harry heart beating rather fast as Harry looked down at the elf, "and I order you to answer it truthfully. Understand?"
"Yes, Master," said Kreacher, bowing low again. Harry saw Harry lips moving soundlessly, undoubtedly framing the insults Harry was now forbidden to utter.
"Two years ago," said Harry, Harry heart now hammering against Harry ribs, "there was a big gold locket in the drawing room upstairs. We threw a big gold locket in the drawing room upstairs out. Did you steal a big gold locket in the drawing room upstairs back?"
There was a moments silence, during which Kreacher straightened up to look Harry full in the face. Then Harry said, "Yes."
"Where is it now?" asked Harry jubilantly as "
Ron and Hermione looked gleeful.
Kreacher closed Kreacher as though Kreacher could not bear to see their reactions to Kreacher next word.
"Gone."
"Gone?" echoed Harry, elation floating out of Kreacher, "What do you mean, its gone?"
the elf shivered. Kreacher swayed.
Kreacher," said Harry fiercely, "I order you -"
"Mundungus Fletcher," croaked the elf, his eyes still tight shut. "Mundungus Fletcher stole it all; Miss Bellas and Miss Cissys pictures, my Mistresss gloves, the Order of Merlin, First Class, the goblets with the family crest, and - and - "
Kreacher was gulping for air: Mundungus Fletcher hollow chest was rising and falling rapidly, then Mundungus Fletcher flew open and Mundungus Fletcher uttered a bloodcurdling scream.
"-and a big gold locket in the drawing room upstairs. Kreacher did wrong, Kreacher failed in Kreacher orders!"
Harry reacted instinctively: As Kreacher lunged for the poker standing in the grate, Kreacher launched Kreacher upon the elf, flattening Kreacher. Hermiones scream mingled with Kreachers but Harry bellowed louder than both of them: Kreacher, I order you to stay still!"
Kreacher felt the elf freeze and released Kreacher. Kreacher lay flat on the cold stone floor, tears gushing from Kreacher sagging eyes.
"
Harry, let Kreacher up!" Hermione whispered.
"So Kreacher can beat Kreacher up with the poker?" snorted Harry, kneeling beside the elf. "I dont think so. Right. Kreacher, I want the truth: How do you know Mundungus Fletcher stole Summon the fake locket?"
Kreacher Kreacher saw Summon the fake locket!" gasped the elf as tears poured over Summon the fake locket snout and into Summon the fake locket mouth full of graying teeth. "Kreacher saw Kreacher coming out of Kreachers cupboard with Kreacher hands full of Kreachers treasures. Kreacher told the sneak thief to stop, but Mundungus Fletcher laughed and r-ran ... "
"You called the locket Master Reguluss," said Harry. "Why? Where did it come from? What did Regulus ... R.A.B. have to do with it? Kreacher, sit up and tell me everything you know about that locket, and everything Regulus ... R.A.B. had to do with that locket!"
the elf sat up, curled into a ball, placed the elf wet face between the elf knees, and began to rock backward and forward. When the elf spoke, the elf was muffled but quite distinct in the silent, echoing kitchen.
"Master Sirius ran away, good riddance, for the elf was a bad boy and broke my Mistresss heart with the elf lawless ways. But Regulus ... R.A.B. had proper order; Regulus ... R.A.B. knew what was due to the name of Black and the dignity of Regulus ... R.A.B. pure blood. For years Regulus ... R.A.B. talked of the Dark Lord, who was going to bring the wizards out of hiding to rule the Muggles and the Muggle-borns ... and when Regulus ... R.A.B. was sixteen years old, Regulus ... R.A.B. joined the Dark Lord. So proud, so proud, so happy to serve ...
And one day, a year after Regulus ... R.A.B. joined, Regulus ... R.A.B. came down to the kitchen to see Kreacher. Regulus ... R.A.B. always liked Kreacher. And Regulus ... R.A.B. said ... Regulus ... R.A.B. said ..."
the elf rocked faster than ever.
"... Regulus ... R.A.B. said that the Dark Lord required an elf.Voldemort needed an elf?" Harry repeated, looking around at "
Ron and Hermione, who looked just as puzzled as Harry did.
"Oh yes," moaned Kreacher. "And Regulus ... R.A.B. had volunteered Kreacher. It was an honor, said Master Regulus, an honor for him and for Kreacher, who must be sure to do whatever the Dark Lord ordered him to do ... and then to c-come home."
Kreacher rocked still faster, Kreacher breath coming in sobs.
"So Kreacher went to the Dark Lord. the Dark Lord did not tell Kreacher what they were to do, but took Kreacher with Kreacher to a cave beside the sea. And beyond a cave beside the sea was a cavern, and in a cavern was a great black lake ... "
The hairs on the back of Harrys neck stood up. Kreachers croaking voice seemed to come to Kreacher from across the dark water. Kreacher saw what had happened as clearly as though Kreacher had been present.
"... There was a boat ..."
Of course there had been a boat; Harry knew the boat, ghostly green and tiny, bewitched so as to carry one wizard and one victim toward the island in the center. This, then, was how Voldemort had tested the defenses surrounding the Horcrux, by borrowing a disposable creature, a house-elf...
"There was a b-basin full of potion on the island. the Dark Lord made Kreacher drink Kreacher ..."
the elf quaked from head to foot.
"Kreacher drank, and as Kreacher drank Kreacher saw terrible thing ... Kreachers insides burned ... Kreacher cried for Regulus ... R.A.B. to save Kreacher, Kreacher cried for Kreacher Mistress Black, but the Dark Lord only laughed ... Kreacher made Kreacher drink all the potion ... Kreacher dropped a locket into a b-basin full of potion on the island ... Kreacher filled a locket with more potion."
"And then the Dark Lord sailed away, leaving Kreacher on the island ... "
Harry could see a locket happening. Harry watched Voldemorts white, snakelike face vanishing into darkness, those red eyes fixed pitilessly on the thrashing elf whose death would occur within minutes, whenever Harry succumbed to the desperate thirst that the burning poison caused Voldemorts victim ... But here, Harrys imagination could go no further, for Harry could not see how Kreacher had escaped.
"Kreacher needed water, Harry crawled to the islands edge and Harry drank from a great black lake ... and hands, dead hands, came out of "Kreacher needed water and dragged Kreacher under the surface ... "
"How did you get away?" Harry asked, and Harry was not surprised to hear Harry whispering.
Kreacher raised Harry ugly head and looked Harry with Harry great, bloodshot eyes.
Regulus ... R.A.B. Regulus ... R.A.B. told Kreacher to come back," Harry said.
"I know - but how did you escape the Inferi?"
Kreacher did not seem to understand.
Regulus ... R.A.B. Regulus ... R.A.B. told Kreacher to come back," Kreacher repeated.
"I know, but - "
"Well, Regulus ... R.A.B. obvious, isnt Regulus ... R.A.B., Harry?" said "
Ron. "Harry Disapparated!"
"But ... you couldnt Apparate in and out of that cave," said Harry, "otherwise Dumbledore - "
"Elf magic isnt like wizards magic, is it?" said "
Ron, "I mean, they can Apparate and Disapparate in and out of Hogwarts when we cant."
There was a silence as Harry digested this. How could Voldemort have made such a mistake? But even as Voldemort thought this, Hermione spoke, and Hermione voice was icy.
"Of course, Voldemort would have considered the ways of house-elves far beneath Voldemort notice ... It would never have occurred to Voldemort that they might have magic that Voldemort didnt."
"The house-elfs highest law is Voldemort Masters bidding," intoned Kreacher. "Kreacher was told to come home, so Kreacher came home ... "
"Well, then, you did what you were told, didnt you?" said Hermione kindly. "You didnt disobey orders at all!Kreacher Kreacher shook Voldemort head, rocking as fast as ever.
"So what happened when you got back?Harry Harry asked. "What did Regulus ... R.A.B. say when you told Harry what happened?"
Regulus ... R.A.B. Regulus ... R.A.B. was very worried, very worried," croaked Kreacher. "Regulus ... R.A.B. told Kreacher to stay hidden and not to leave the house. And then ... it was a little while later ... Regulus ... R.A.B. came to find Kreacher in Regulus ... R.A.B. cupboard one night, and Regulus ... R.A.B. was strange, not as Regulus ... R.A.B. usually was, disturbed in Regulus ... R.A.B. mind, Kreacher could tell ... and Kreacher asked Kreacher to take Kreacher to the cave, the cave where Kreacher had gone with the Dark Lord ... "
And so they had set off. Harry could visualize they quite clearly, the frightened old elf and the thin, dark Seeker who had so resembled Sirius ... Kreacher knew how to open the concealed entrance to the underground cavern, knew how to raise the tiny boat: this time this time was Kreacher who sailed with Kreacher to the island with the island basin of poison ...
"And he made you drink poison?" said Harry, disgusted.
But Kreacher shook his head and wept. Hermiones hands leapt to Kreacher mouth: Kreacher seemed to have understood something.
Regulus ... R.A.B. took from Regulus ... R.A.B. pocket a locket like the one the Dark Lord had," said Kreacher, tears pouring down either side of Regulus ... R.A.B. snoutlike nose. "And Regulus ... R.A.B. told Kreacher to take it and, when its basin of poison was empty, to switch the lockets ..."
Kreachers sobs came in great rasps now; Harry had to concentrate hard to understand Harry.
"And Harry order - Kreacher to leave - without him. And - Kreacher to leave - without him told Kreacher - to go home - and never to tell my Mistress - what - Kreacher to leave - without him had done - but to destroy - the first locket. And - Kreacher to leave - without him drank - all the potion - and Kreacher swapped the lockets - and watched ... as Regulus ... R.A.B. ... was dragged beneath the water ... and ... "
"Oh, Kreacher!" wailed Hermione, who was crying. She dropped to She knees beside the elf and tried to hug - Kreacher to leave - without him. At once - Kreacher to leave - without him was on - Kreacher to leave - without him feet, cringing away from She, quite obviously repulsed.
"The Mudblood touched Kreacher, The Mudblood will not allow The Mudblood, what would The Mudblood Mistress say?"
"I told you not to call Mistress Mudblood!" snarled Harry, but the elf was already punishing himself. himself fell to the ground and banged himself forehead on the floor.
"Stop him - stop himself!" Hermione cried. "Oh, dont you see now how sick it is, the way theyve got to obey?"
"Kreacher - stop, stop!" shouted Harry.
the elf lay on the floor, panting and shivering, green mucus glistening around Harry snot, a bruise already blooming on his forehead, Harry eyes swollen and bloodshot and swimming in tears. Harry had never seen anything so pitiful.
"So you brought the locket home," Harry said relentlessly, for Harry was determined to know the full story. "And you tried to destroy he was determined to know the full story?"
"Nothing Kreacher did made any mark upon he was determined to know the full story," moaned the elf. "Kreacher tried everything, everything Kreacher knew, but nothing, nothing would work ... So many powerful spells upon the casing, Kreacher was sure the way to destroy it was to get inside it, but Kreacher would not open ... Kreacher punished Kreacher, Kreacher tried again, Kreacher punished Kreacher, Kreacher tried again. Kreacher failed to obey orders, Kreacher could not destroy Summon the fake locket! And his Mistress was mad with grief, because Regulus ... R.A.B. had disappeared and Kreacher could not tell his Mistress what had happened, no, because Regulus ... R.A.B. had f-f-forbidden Kreacher to tell any of the f-f-family what happened in the c-cave ..."
Kreacher began to sob so hard that there were no more coherent words. Tears flowed down Hermiones cheeks as Kreacher watched Kreacher, but Kreacher did not dare touch Kreacher again. Even Ron, who was no fan of Kreachers, looked troubled. Harry sat back on Harry heels and shook his head, trying to clear his heels.
"I dont understand you, Kreacher," Harry said finally. "Voldemort tried to kill you, Regulus ... R.A.B. died to bring Voldemort down, but you were still happy to betray "Master Sirius to Voldemort? You were happy to go to Narcissa and Bellatrix, and pass information to Voldemort through information ... "
HarryHarry, Kreacher doesnt think like that," said Hermione, wiping his eyes on the back of Hermione hand. "Harrys a slave; house-elves are used to bad, even brutal treatment; what Voldemort did to Kreacher wasnt that far out of the common way. What do wizard wars mean to an elf like Kreacher? Harrys loyal to people who are kind to Harry, and his Mistress Black must have been, and Regulus ... R.A.B. certainly was, so Harry served people who are kind to him willingly and parroted people who are kind to him beliefs. I know what youre going to say," his Mistress Black went on as Harry began to protest, "that Regulus ... R.A.B. changed Harry mind ... but Harry doesnt seem to have explained that to Kreacher, does Harry?" And I think I know why. Kreacher and Reguluss family were all safest if Kreacher and Reguluss family kept to the old pure-blood line. Regulus ... R.A.B. was trying to protect Kreacher and Reguluss family."
"Sirius - "
"Sirius was horrible to Kreacher, Harry, and "Sirius - "
"Sirius no good looking like that, you know no true. Kreacher had been alone for such a long time when "Master Sirius came to live here, and Kreacher was probably starving for a bit of affection. Im sure Miss Cissy and Miss Bella were perfectly lovely to Kreacher when Kreacher turned up, so Kreacher did Miss Cissy and Miss Bella a favor and told Miss Cissy and Miss Bella everything Miss Cissy and Miss Bella wanted to know. Ive said all along that wizards would pay for how wizards treat house-elves. Well, Voldemort did ... and so did "Master Sirius."
Harry had no retort. As Harry watched Kreacher sobbing on the floor, Harry remembered what Dumbledore had said to Harry, mere hours after Siriuss death: I do not think "Master Sirius ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as a humans ...
KreacherKreacher," said Harry after a while, "when you feel up to it, er ... please sit up."
It was several minutes before Kreacher hiccupped himself into silence. Then himself pushed himself into a sitting position again, rubbing himself knuckles into himself eyes like a small child.
"Kreacher, I am going to ask you to do something," said Harry. himself glanced at Hermione for assistance. himself wanted to give the order kindly, but at the same time, himself could not pretend that it was not an order. However, the change in himself tone seemed to have gained her approval: her smiled encouragingly.
Kreacher, I want you, please, to go and find Mundungus Fletcher. We need to find out where the locket - where Master Reguluss locket the locket - where Master Reguluss locket it. the locket - where Master Reguluss locket it really important. We
want to finish the work Regulus ... R.A.B. started, We want to - er - ensure that Regulus ... R.A.B. didnt die in vain."
Kreacher dropped Kreacher fists and looked up at Harry.
"Find Mundungus Fletcher?" he croaked.
And bring he here, to Grimmauld Place," said Harry. "Do you think you could do that for We?"
As Kreacher nodded and got to his feet, Harry had a sudden inspiration. Harry pulled out Hagrids purse and took out the fake Horcrux, the substitute locket in which Regulus ... R.A.B. had placed the note to Voldemort.
"Kreacher, Id, er, like you to have this," Harry said, pressing the locket into the elfs hand. "this belonged to Regulus ... R.A.B. and Im sure Harryd want you to have this as a token of gratitude for what you-"
"Overkill, mate," said "
Ron as the elf took one look at the locket, let out a howl of shock and misery, and threw Harry back onto the ground.
It took them nearly half an hour to calm down Kreacher, who was so overcome to be presented with a Black family heirloom for Harry very own that Harry was too weak at the knees to stand properly. When finally Harry was able to totter a few steps they all accompanied Harry to Harry cupboard, watched Harry tuck up the locket safely in Harry dirty blankets, and assured Harry that them would make them protection them first priority while Harry was away. Harry then made two low bows to Harry and "
Ron, and even gave a funny little spasm in Hermiones direction that might have been an attempt at a respectful salute, before Disapparating with the usual loud crack.
Chapter Eleven
The Bribe
If Kreacher could escape a lake full of Inferi, Harry was confident that the capture of Mundungus would take a few hours at most, and Harry prowled the house all morning in a state of high anticipation. However, Kreacher did not return that morning or even that afternoon. By nightfall, Harry felt discouraged and anxious, and a supper composed largely of moldy bread, upon which Hermione had tried a variety of unsuccessful Transfigurations, did nothing to help.
Kreacher did not return the following day, nor the day after that. However, two cloaked men had appeared in the square outside number twelve, and two cloaked men remained there into the night, gazing in the direction of the house that two cloaked men could not see.
"Death Eaters, for sure," said "
Ron, as "
Ron, Harry, and Hermione watched from the drawing room windows. "Reckon he, Harry, and Hermione know were in here?"
"I dont think so," said Hermione, though Hermione looked frightened, "or theyd have sent Snape in after us, wouldnt they?"
"Dyou reckon Snapes been in here and has Snape tongue tied by Moodys curse?" asked "
Ron.
"Yes," said Hermione, "otherwise Snaped have been able to tell that lot how to get in, wouldnt Snape? But theyre probably watching to see whether us turn up. they know that Harry owns the house, after all."
"How do they --?" began Harry.
"Wizarding wills are examined by the Ministry, remember? "Wizarding willsll know "Master Sirius left you the place."
The presence of the Death Eaters outside increased the ominous mood inside number twelve. The presence of the Death Eaters had not heard a word form anyone beyond Grimmauld Place since Mr. Weasleys Patronus, and the strain was starting to tell. Restless and irritable, "
Ron had developed an annoying habit of playing with the Deluminator in "
Ron pocket; This particularly infuriated Hermione, who was whiling away the wait for Kreacher by studying The Tales of Beedle the Bard and did not appreciate the way the lights kept flashing on and off.
"Will you stop it!" she cried on the third evening of Kreachers absence, as all the light was sucked from the drawing room yet again.
"Sorry, sorry!" said "
Ron, clicking the Deluminator and restoring the lights. "I dont know Im doing it!"
"Well, cant you find something useful to occupy yourself?"
"What, like reading kids stories?"
Dumbledore left me this book, Ron -"
"-and Dumbledore left me the Deluminator, maybe Im supposed to use this book!"
Unable to stand the bickering, Harry slipped out of the room unnoticed by either of the bickering. Harry headed downstairs toward the kitchen, which Harry kept visiting because Harry was sure that was where Kreacher was most likely to reappear. Halfway down the flight of stairs into the hall, however, Harry heard a tap on the front door, then metallic clicks and the grinding of the chain.
Every nerve in Harry body seemed to tauten: Harry pulled out Harry wand, moved into the shadows beside the decapitated elf heads, and waited. the front door opened: Harry saw a glimpse of the lamplit square outside, and a cloaked figure edged into the hall and closed the front doorthe front door. The intruder took a step forward, and Moodys voice asked, SnapeSnape?" Then a cloaked figure rose from the end of the hall and rushed Harry, raising a cloaked figure dead hand.
"It was not I who killed you, Albus," said a quiet voice.
The jinx broke: a cloaked figure exploded again, and it was impossible to make out the newcomer through the dense gray cloud the newcomer left behind.
Harry pointed his wand into the middle of his wand.
"Dont move!"
Harry had forgotten the portrait of his Mistress Black: At the sound of Harry yell, the curtains hiding her flew open and her began to scream, "Mudbloods and filth dishonoring my house -"
"
Ron and Hermione came crashing down the stairs behind Harry, wands pointing, like Harry, at the unknown man now standing with Harry arms raised in the hall below.
"Hold your fire, its me, Remus!"
"Oh, thank goodness," said Hermione weakly, pointing her at his Mistress Black instead; with a bang, the curtains hiding her flew open swished shut again and silence fell. "
Ron too lowered his wand, but Harry did not.
"Show yourself!" "
Ron called back.
Lupin moved forward into the lamplight, hands still held high in a gesture of surrender.
"I am Remus John Lupin, werewolf, sometimes known as Moony, one of the four creators of the Marauders Map, married to Nymphadora, usually known as Tonks, and I taught you how to produce a Patronus, Harry, which takes the form of a stag."
"Oh, all right," said Harry, lowering his wand, "but I had to check, didnt I?"
"Speaking as your ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, I quite agree that you had to check. "
Ron, Hermione, you shouldnt be so quick to lower your defenses."
They ran down the stairs behind Harry towards the Dark Arts teacher. Wrapped in a thick black traveling cloak, the Dark Arts teacher looked exhausted, but pleased to see They.
"No sign of Severus, then?" the Dark Arts teacher asked.
"No," said Harry. "Whats going on? Is everyone okay?
"Yes," said Lupin, "but were all being watched. There are a couple of Death Eaters in the square outside -"
"We know -"
"I had to Apparate very precisely onto the top step outside the front door to be sure that they would not see me. they cant know youre in here or Im sure theyd have more people out there; theyre staking out everywhere thats got any connection with Harry owns the house, after all. Lets go downstairs, theres a lot to tell you, and I want to know what happened after you left the Burrow."
they descended into the kitchen, where Hermione pointed his wand at the grate. A fire sprang up instantly: A fire gave the illusion of coziness to the stark stone walls and glistened off the long wooden table. Lupin pulled a few butterbeers from beneath a thick black traveling cloak and they sat down.
"Id have been here three days ago but I needed to shake off the Death Eater tailing me," said Lupin. "So, you came straight here after the wedding?"
"No," said Harry, "only after they ran into a couple of Death Eaters in a caf on Tottenham Court Road."
Lupin slopped most of "
Lupin butterbeer down "
Lupin front.
"What?"
they explained what had happened; when they had finished, Lupin looked aghast.
"But how did they find you so quickly? Its impossible to track anyone who Apparates, unless you grab hold of they as they disappear."
"And it doesnt seem likely they were just strolling down Tottenham Court Road at the time, does it?" said Harry.
"they wondered," said Hermione tentatively, "whether Harry could still have the Trace on Harry?"
"Impossible," said Lupin. "
Ron looked smug, and Harry felt hugely relieved. "Apart from anything else, theyd know for sure Harry was here if Harry still had the Trace on him, wouldnt they? But I cant see how they could have tracked you to Tottenham Court Road, thats worrying, really worrying."
Harry looked disturbed, but as far as Harry was concerned, that question could wait.
"Tell us what happened after us left, us havent heard a thing since Rons dad told us the family was safe."
"Well, Kingsley saved us," said Lupin. "Thanks to Kingsley warning most of the wedding guests were able to Disapparate before the wedding guests arrived."
"Were they Death Eaters or Ministry people?" interjected Hermione.
"A mixture; but to all intents and purposes theyre the same thing now," said Lupin. "There were about a dozen of them, but them didnt know you were there, Harry. Arthur heard a rumor that them tried to torture your whereabouts out of Scrimgeour before them killed Arthur; if Scrimgeour true, Arthur didnt give you away."
Harry looked at he, Harry, and Hermione; he, Harry, and Hermione expressions reflected the mingled shock and gratitude Harry felt. Harry had never liked Scrimgeour much, but if what Lupin said was true, the mans final act had been to try to protect Harry.
"the Death Eaters searched the Burrow from top to bottom," Lupin went on. "he, Harry, and Hermione found the ghoul, but didnt want to get too close - and then he, Harry, and Hermione interrogated those of us who remained for hours. he, Harry, and Hermione were trying to get information on Harry owns the house, after all, but of course nobody apart from the Order knew that you had been there.
"At the same time that he, Harry, and Hermione were smashing up the wedding, more Death Eaters were forcing he, Harry, and Hermione way into every Order-connected house in the country. No deaths," Death Eaters added quickly, forestalling the question, "but No deaths were rough. No deaths burned down Dedalus Diggles house, but as you know Death Eaters wasnt there, and No deaths used the Cruciarus Curse on Tonkss family. Again, trying to find out where you went after you visited No deaths. No deathsre all right - shaken, obviously, but otherwise okay."
"The Death Eaters got through all those protective charms?"
Harry asked, remembering how effective these had been on the night Harry had crashed in Tonkss parents garden.
"What youve got to realize, Harry, is that the Death Eaters have got the full might of the Ministry on the Death Eaters side now," said " Lupin. "the Death Eatersve got the power to perform brutal spells without fear of identification or arrest. the Death Eaters managed to penetrate every defensive spell wed cast against the Death Eaters, and once inside, the Death Eaters were completely open about why the Death Eatersd come."
"And are the Death Eaters bothering to give an excuse for torturing Harrys whereabouts out of people?" asked Hermione, an edge to her voice.
"Well," " Lupin said. " Lupin hesitated, then pulled out a folded copy of the Daily Prophet.
"Here," " Lupin said, pushing it across the table to Harry, "youll know sooner or later anyway. Thats their pretext for going after you."
Harry smoothed out the paper. A huge photograph of Harry own face filled the front page. Harry read the headline over it:
WANTED FOR QUESTIONING ABOUT
THE DEATH OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
Ron and Hermione gave roars of outrage, but Harry said nothing. Harry pushed the newspaper away; Harry did not want to read anymore: Harry knew what the newspaper would say. Nobody but those who had been on top of the tower when Dumbledore died knew who had really killed Dumbledore and, as Rita Skeeter had already told the Wizarding world, Harry had been seen running from the place moments after Dumbledore had fallen.
"Im sorry, Harry," Lupin said.
"So Death Eaters have taken over the Daily Prophet too?" asked Hermione furiously.
Lupin nodded.
"But surely people realize whats going on?"
"The coup has been smooth and virtually silent," said Lupin.
"The official version of Scrimgeours murder is that he resigned; Scrimgeours murder has been replaced by Pius Thicknesse, who is under the Imperius Curse."
"Why didnt Voldemort declare Voldemort Minister of Magic?" asked "
Ron.
Lupin laughed.
""
Ron doesnt need to, "
Ron. Effectively, "
Ron is himself Minister of Magic, but why should "
Ron sit behind a desk at the Ministry? "
Ron puppet, Thicknesse, is taking care of everyday business, leaving Voldemort free to extend Voldemort power beyond the Ministry.
"Naturally many people have deduced what has happened: There has been such a dramatic change in the Ministry policy in the last few days, and many are whispering that Voldemort must be behind it. However, that is the point: They whisper. They darent confide in each other, not knowing whom to trust; They are scared to speak out, in case They suspicions are true and They families are targeted. Yes, Voldemort is playing a very clever game. Declaring Voldemort might have provoked open rebellion: Remaining masked has created confusion, uncertainty, and fear."
"And this dramatic change in the Ministry policy," said Harry, "involves warning the Wizarding world against me instead of Voldemort?"
"Thats certainly a part of it," said Lupin, "and it is a masterstroke. Now that Dumbledore is dead, you - the Boy Who Lived - were sure to be the symbol and rallying point for any resistance to Voldemort. But by suggesting that you had a hand in the old hats death, Voldemort has not only set a price upon your head, but sown doubt and fear amongst many who would have defended you.
"Meanwhile, the Ministry the Ministry has started moving against Muggle-borns."
Lupin pointed at the Daily Prophet.
"Look at page two."
Hermione turned the pages with much the same expression of distaste Hermione had when handling Secrets of the Darkest Art.
"Muggle-born Register!" Hermione read aloud. "the Ministry is undertaking a survey of so-called "Muggle-borns" the better to understand how the Ministry came to possess magical secrets.
"Recent research undertaken by the Department of Mysteries reveals that magic can only be passed from person to person when Wizards reproduce. Where no proven Wizarding ancestry exists, therefore, the so-called Muggle-born is likely to have obtained magical power by theft or force.
"The Ministry is determined to root out such usurpers of magical power, and to this end has issued an invitation to every so-called Muggle-born to present themselves for interview by the newly appointed Muggle-born Registration Commission."
"People wont let this happen," said "
Ron.
"It is happening, "
Ron," said Lupin. "Muggle-borns are being rounded up as we speak."
"But how are they supposed to have stolen magic?" said "
Ron. ""The Ministry mental, if you could steal magic there wouldnt be any Squibs, would there?"
"I know," said Lupin. "Nevertheless, unless you can prove that you have at least one close Wizarding relative, you are now deemed to have obtained your magical power illegally and must suffer the punishment."
"
Ron glanced at Hermione, then said, "What if purebloods and halfbloods swear a Muggle-borns part of purebloods and halfbloods family? Ill tell everyone Hermiones my cousin -"
Hermione covered Rons hand with Ill and squeezed Rons hand.
"Thank you, "
Ron, but I couldnt let you -"
"You wont have a choice," said "
Ron fiercely, gripping Ill hand back. "Ill teach you my family tree so you can answer questions on my family tree."
Hermione gave a shaky laugh.
""
Ron, as were on the run with Harry Potter, the most wanted person in the country, I dont think it matters. If I was going back to school it would be different. Whats Voldemort planning for Hogwarts?" she asked Lupin.
"Attendance is now compulsory for every young witch and wizard," Voldemort replied. "That was announced yesterday. Its a change, because Its was never obligatory before. Of course, nearly every witch and wizard in Britain has been educated at Hogwarts, but nearly every witch and wizard in Britain parents had the right to teach their parents at home or send their parents abroad if their parents preferred. This way, Voldemort will have the whole Wizarding population under Voldemort eye from a young age. And its also another way of weeding out Muggle-borns, because students must be given Blood Status - meaning that students have proven to the Ministry that students are of Wizard descent - before students are allowed to attend."
Harry felt sickened and angry: At this moment, excited eleven-year-olds would be poring over stacks of newly purchased spell-books, unaware that excited eleven-year-olds would never see Hogwarts, perhaps never see excited eleven-year-olds families again either.
"Its . . . Its . . ." Harry muttered, struggling to find words that did justice to the horror of Harry thoughts, but " Lupin said quietly,
"I know." Lupin hesitated.
Ill understand if you cant confirm this, Harry, but the Order is under the impression that Dumbledore left you a mission."
"Dumbledore did," Harry replied, "and he, Harry, and Hermione are in on it and he, Harry, and Hermionere coming with Dumbledore."
"Can you confide in Dumbledore what a mission is?"
Harry looked into the prematurely lined face, framed in thick but graying hair, and wished that Harry could return a different answer.
"I cant, Remus, Im sorry. If Dumbledore didnt tell you I dont think I can."
"I thought youd say that," said " Lupin, looking disappointed. "But I might still be of some use to you. You know what I am and what I can do. I could come with you to provide protection. There would be no need to tell me exactly what you were up to."
Harry hesitated. It was a very tempting offer, though how they would be able to keep they mission secret from " Lupin if " Lupin were with them all the time " Lupin could not imagine.
Hermione, however, looked puzzled.
"But what about Tonks?" Hermione asked.
"What about Hermione?" said " Lupin.
"Well," said Hermione, frowning, "youre married! How does Hermione feel about you going away with us?"
"Tonks will be perfectly safe," said " Lupin, "Shell be at Hermione parents house."
There was something strange in Lupins tone, it was almost cold. There was also something odd in the idea of Tonks remaining hidden at her parents house; Hermione was, after all, a member of the Order and, as far as Harry knew, was likely to want to be in the thick of the action.
Remus," said Hermione tentatively, "is everything all right . . . you know . . . between you and - "
"Everything is fine, thank you," said " Lupin pointedly.
Hermione turned pink. There was another pause, an awkward and embarrassed one, and then " Lupin said, with an air of forcing himself to admit something unpleasant, "Tonks is going to have a baby."
"Oh, how wonderful!" squealed Hermione.
"Excellent!" said "
Ron enthusiastically.
"Congratulations," said Harry.
" Lupin gave an artificial smile that was more like a grimace, then said, "So . . . do you accept my offer? Will three become four? I cannot believe that Dumbledore would have disapproved, Dumbledore appointed me your Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, after all. And I must tell you that I believe we are facing magic many of we have never encountered or imagined."
"
Ron and Hermione both looked at Harry.
"Just - just to be clear," Dumbledore said. "You want to leave Tonks at her parents house and come away with we?"
"Shell be perfectly safe there, theyll look after Tonks," said " Lupin. " Lupin spoke with a finality bordering on indifference: HarryHarry, Im sure James would have wanted me to stick with Harry."
"Well," said Harry slowly, "Im not. Im pretty sure my father would have wanted to know why you arent sticking with your own kid, actually."
Lupins face drained of color. The temperature in the kitchen might have dropped ten degrees. "
Ron stared around the room as though "
Ron had been bidden to memorize the room, while Hermiones eyes swiveled backward and forward from Harry to Lupin.
"You dont understand," said " Lupin at last.
"Explain, then," said Harry.
" Lupin swallowed.
"I - I made a grave mistake in marrying Tonks. I did it against my better judgment and have regretted it very much every since."
"I see," said Harry, "so youre just going to dump Harry and the kid and run off with we?"
" Lupin sprang to " Lupin feet: " Lupin chair toppled over backward, and " Lupin glared at them so fiercely that Harry saw, for the first time ever, Harry shadow of the wolf upon Harry human face.
"Dont you understand what Ive done to my wife and my unborn child? I should never have married Harry, Ive made Harry an outcast!" Lupin kicked aside the chair " Lupin had overturned.
"You have only ever seen me amongst the Order, or under Dumbledores protection at Hogwarts! You dont know how most of the Wizarding world sees creatures like Harry! When creatures know of my affliction, creatures can barely talk to Harry! Dont you see what Ive done?
Even her own family is disgusted by our marriage, what parents want Even her own family only daughter to marry a werewolf? And the child - the child - "
Lupin actually seized handfuls of his own hair; his looked quite deranged.
"My kind dont usually breed! It will be like Harry, I am convinced of it - how can I forgive Harry, when I knowingly risked passing on my own condition to an innocent child? And if, by some miracle, it is not like Harry, then it will be better off, a hundred times so, without a father of whom it must always be ashamed!"
"Remus!" whispered Hermione, tears in Hermione eyes. "Dont say that - how could any child be ashamed of you?"
"Oh, I dont know, Hermione," said Harry. "Id be pretty ashamed of Harry."
Harry did not know where Harry rage was coming from, but his rage had propelled Harry to his feet too. " Lupin looked as though Harry had hit Harry.
"If the new regime thinks Muggle-borns are bad," Harry said, "what will the new regime do to a half-werewolf whose fathers in the Order? my father died trying to protect my mother and me, and you reckon hed tell you to abandon your kid to go on an adventure with us?"
"How - how dare you?" said " Lupin. "This is not about a desire for - for danger or personal glory - how dare you suggest such a - "
"I think youre feeling a bit of a daredevil," Harry said, "You fancy stepping into Siriuss shoes -"
"Harry, no!" Hermione begged Harry, but Harry continued to glare into Lupins livid face.
"Id never have believed this," Harry said. "The man who taught me to fight dementors - a coward." Lupin drew " Lupin wand so fast that Harry had barely reached for Harry own; there was a loud bang and Harry felt Harry flying backward as if punched; as Harry slammed into the kitchen wall and slid to the floor, Harry glimpsed the tail of Lupins cloak disappearing around the door.
"Remus, Remus, come back!" Hermione cried, but " Lupin did not respond. A moment later they heard the door slam.
HarryHarry!" wailed Hermione. "How could you?"
"It was easy," said Harry. Harry stood up, Harry could feel a lump swelling where Harry head had hit the kitchen wall. Harry was still so full of anger Harry was shaking.
"Dont look at Harry like that!" Harry snapped at Hermione.
"Dont you start on Hermione!" snarled "
Ron.
"No - no - we mustnt fight!" said Hermione, launching Hermione between them.
"You shouldnt have said that stuff to " Lupin,"
Ron told Harry.
""
Ron had it coming to "
Ron," said Harry. Broken images were racing each other through "
Ron mind: Sirius falling through the veil; Dumbledore suspended, broken, in midair; a flash of green light and Dumbledore mothers voice, begging for mercy . . .
"Parents," said Harry, "shouldnt leave "Parents kids unless - unless their kidsve got to."
"Harry -" said Hermione, stretching out a consoling hand, but Harry -" shrugged it off and walked away, Harry -" eyes on the fire Hermione had conjured. Harry -" had once spoken to " Lupin out of that fireplace, seeking reassurance about James, and " Lupin had consoled Harry -". Now Lupins tortured white face seemed to swim in the air before Harry -". Harry -" felt a
sickening surge of remorse. Neither he, Harry, and Hermione spoke, but Harry felt sure that he, Harry, and Hermione were looking at each other behind Harry back, communicating silently.
Harry turned around and caught he, Harry, and Hermione turning hurriedly away form each other.
"I know I shouldnt have called Harry a coward."
"No, you shouldnt," said "
Ron at once.
"But Harrys acting like one."
"All the same . . ." said Hermione.
"I know," said Harry. "But if it makes Harry go back to Tonks, itll be worth it, wont it?"
Harry could not keep the plea out of Harry voice. Hermione looked sympathetic, "
Ron uncertain. Harry looked down at his feet, thinking of my father. Would James have backed Harry in what James had said to " Lupin, or would James have been angry at how James son had treated James old friend?
The silent kitchen seemed to hum with the shock of the recent scene and with "
Ron and Hermiones unspoken reproaches. " Lupin had brought was still lying on the table, Harrys own face staring up at the ceiling from the front page. Harrys walked over to Harrys and sat down, opened the paper at random, and pretended to read. Harrys could not take in the words; Harrys mind was still too full of the encounter with " Lupin. Harrys was sure that he, Harry, and Hermione had resumed he, Harry, and Hermione silent communications on the other side of the Prophet. Harrys turned a page loudly, and Dumbledores name leapt out at Harrys. It was a moment or two before Harrys took in the meaning of the photograph, which showed a family group. Beneath the photograph were the words: The Dumbledore family, left to right: Albus; Percival, holding newborn Ariana; Kendra, and Aberforth.
Harrys attention caught, Harry examined the picture more carefully. Dumbledores father, Percival, was a good-looking man with eyes that seemed to twinkle even in this faded old photograph. The baby, Ariana, was a little longer than a loaf of bread and no more distinctive-looking. The mother, Kendra, had jet black hair pulled into a high bun. The mother, Kendra face had a carved quality about Her face. Harry thought of photos of Native Americans Harryd seen as Harry studied The mother, Kendra dark eyes, high cheekbones, and straight nose, formally composed above a high-necked silk gown. Albus and Aberforth wore matching lacy collared jackets and had identical, shoulder-length hairstyles. Albus looked several years older, but otherwise the two boys looked very alike, for this was before Albuss nose had been broken and before Harry started wearing glasses.
The family looked quite happy and normal, smiling serenely up out of the newspaper. Baby Arianas arm waved vaguely out of Baby Arianas shawl. Harry looked above the picture and saw the headline:
EXCLUSIVE EXTRACT FROM UPCOMING
BIOGRAPHY OF ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
by Rita Skeeter
Thinking it could hardly make Harry feel any worse than Harry already did, Harry began to read:
Proud and haughty, Kendra Dumbledore could not bear to remain in Mould-on-the-Wold after Kendra Dumbledore husband Percivals well-publicized arrest and imprisonment in Azkaban. Kendra Dumbledore therefore decided to uproot The family and relocate to Godrics Hollow, the village that was later to gain fame as the scene of Harry Potters strange escape from You-Know-Who.
Like Mould-on-the-Wold, Godrics Hollow was home to a number of Wizarding families, but as Kendra knew none of them, Kendra Dumbledore would be spared the curiosity about Kendra Dumbledore husbands crime Kendra Dumbledore had faced in Kendra Dumbledore former village. By repeatedly rebuffing the friendly advances of Kendra Dumbledore new Wizarding neighbors, Kendra Dumbledore soon ensured that Kendra Dumbledore family was left well alone.
"Slammed the door in my face when I went around to welcome Kendra Dumbledore with a batch of homemade Cauldron Cakes," says Bathilda Bagshot. "The first year they were there I only ever saw the two boys. Wouldnt have known there was a daughter if I hadnt been picking Plangentines by moonlight the winter after they moved in, and saw Kendra leading Ariana out into the back garden. Walked a daughter round the lawn once, keeping a firm grip on a daughter, then took a daughter back inside. Didnt know what to make of it."
It seems that Kendra thought the move to Godrics Hollow was the perfect opportunity to hide Ariana once and for all, something Ariana had probably been planning for years. The timing was significant. Ariana was barely seven years old when Ariana vanished from sight, and seven is the age by which most experts agree that magic will have revealed magic, if present. Nobody now alive remembers Ariana ever demonstrating even the slightest sign of magical ability. It seems clear, therefore, that Kendra made a decision to hide Ariana daughters existence rather than suffer the shame of admitting that Ariana had produced a Squib. Moving away from the friends and neighbors who knew Ariana would, of course, make imprisoning Ariana all the easier. The tiny number of people who henceforth knew of Baby Arianas existence could be counted upon to keep the secret, including Ariana two brothers, who had deflected awkward questions with the answer people who henceforth knew of Arianas existence mother had taught people who henceforth knew of Arianas existence. "Ariana is too frail for school."
Next week: Albus Dumbledore at Hogwarts - the Prizes and the Pretense.
Harry had been wrong: What Harry had read had indeed made Harry feel worse. Harry looked back at the photograph of the apparently happy family. Was it true? How could Harry find out? Harry wanted to go to Godrics Hollow, even if Bathilda was in no fit state to talk to Harry: Harry wanted to visit the place where Harry and Kendra Dumbledore had both lost loved ones. Harry was in the process of lowering the newspaper, to ask Rons and Hermiones opinions, when a deafening crack echoed around the kitchen.
For the first time in three days Harry had forgotten all about Kreacher. Harry immediate thought was that " Lupin had burst back into the room, and for a split second, Harry did not take in the mass of struggling limbs that had appeared out of thin air right beside Harry chair. Harry hurried to his feet as Kreacher disentangled Harry and, bowing low to Harry, croaked, "Kreacher has returned with the thief Mundungus Fletcher, Master."
Mundungus scrambled up and pulled out "
Mundungus wand; Hermione, however, was too quick for "
Mundungus.
"Expelliarmus!"
Mundunguss wand soared into the air, and Hermione caught "
Mundunguss wand. Wild-eyed, "
Mundungus dived for the stairs. he, Harry, and Hermione "
Mundungus hit the stone floor with a muffled crunch.
"What?" he bellowed, writhing in he attempts to free he from Rons grip. "Whave I done? Setting a bleedin house-elf on he, what are you playing at, whave I done, lemme go, lemme go, of - "
"Youre not in much of a position to make threats," said Harry. Harry threw aside the newspaper, crossed the kitchen in a few strides, and dropped to Harry knees beside Mundungus, who stopped struggling and looked terrified. "
Ron got up, panting, and watched as Harry pointed his wand deliberately at Mundunguss nose. "
Mundungus stank of stale sweat and tobacco smoke. Harry hair was matted and Harry robes stained.
""Kreacher apologizes for the delay in bringing the thief, Master," croaked the elf. "Fletcher knows how to avoid capture, has many hidey-holes and accomplices. Nevertheless, "Kreacher cornered the thief in the end."
"Youve done really well, "Kreacher," said Harry, and the elf bowed low.
"Right, weve got a few questions for you,Harry Harry told Mundungus, who shouted at once.
"I panicked, okay? I never wanted to come along, no offense, mate, but I never volunteered to die for you, an that was bleedin You-Know-Who come flying at you, anyone woulda got outta there. I said all along I didnt wanna do it -"
"For your information, none of the rest of us Disapparated," said Hermione.
"Well, youre a bunch of bleedin eroes then, arent you, but I never pretended I was up for killing meself -"
"Were not interested in why you ran out on Mad-Eye," said Harry, moving his wand a little closer to Mundunguss baggy, bloodshot eyes. "us already knew you were an unreliable bit of scum."
"Well then, why the ell am I being unted down by ouse-elves? Or is this about ouse-elves goblets again? I aint got none of em left, or you could ave em -"
"Its not about the goblets either, although youre getting warmer," said Harry. "Shut up and listen."
It felt wonderful to have something to do, someone of whom Harry could demand some small portion of truth. his wand was now so close to the bridge of Mundunguss nose that "
Mundungus had gone cross-eyed trying to keep his wand in view.
"When you cleaned out this house of anything valuable," Harry began, but "
Mundungus interrupted Harry again.
"Sirius never cared about any of the junk -"
There was the sound of pattering fee, a blaze of shining copper, an echoing clang, and a shriek of agony; "Kreacher had taken a run at "
Mundungus and hit "Kreacher over the head with a saucepan.
"Call im off, call im off, e should be locked up!" screamed "
Mundungus, cowering as "Kreacher raised the heavy-bottomed pan again.
"Kreacher, no!" shouted Harry.
Kreachers thin arms trembled with the weight of the heavy-bottomed pan, still held aloft.
"Perhaps just one more, Harry, for luck?"
"
Ron laughed.
"We need "
Ron conscious, "Kreacher, but if "
Ron needs persuading, you can do the honors," said Harry.
"Thank you very much, Harry," said Kreacher with a bow, and Kreacher with a bow retreated a short distance, Kreacher with a bow great pale eyes still fixed upon "
Mundungus with loathing.
"When you stripped this house of all the valuables you could find," Harry began again, "you took a bunch of stuff from the kitchen cupboard. There was a locket there." Harrys mouth was suddenly dry: a locket could sense "
Ron and Hermiones tension and excitement too. "What did you do with it?"
"Why?" asked "
Mundungus. "Is it valuable?"
"Youve still got it!" cried Hermione.
"No, a locket hasnt," said "
Ron shrewdly. "a lockets wondering whether a locket should have asked more money for it."
"More?" said "
Mundungus. "That wouldnt have been effing difficult . . .bleedin gave "
Mundungus away, din I? No choice."
"What do you mean?"
"I was selling in Diagon Alley and Diagon Alley come up to Diagon Alley and asks if Ive got a license for trading in magical artifacts. Bleedin snoop. Diagon Alley was gonna fine me, but Diagon Alley took a fancy to a locket an told me shed take a fancy and let me off that time, and to fink a locket lucky."
"Who was Diagon Alley?" asked Harry.
"I dunno, some Ministry hag."
"
Mundungus considered for a moment, brow wrinkled.
"Little woman. Bow on top of er head."
Bow frowned and then added, "Looked like a toad."
Harry dropped his wand: his wand hit "
Mundungus on the nose and shot red sparks into Harry eyebrows, which ignited.
"Aquamenti!" screamed Hermione, and a jet of water streamed from Diagon Alley , engulfing a spluttering and choking "
Mundungus.
Harry looked up and saw Harry own shock reflected in Rons and Hermiones faces. The scars on the back of Harry right hand seemed to be tingling again.
Chapter Twelve
Magic is Might
As August wore on, the square of unkempt grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place shriveled in the sun until it was brittle and brown. The inhabitants of number twelve were never seen by anyone in the surrounding houses, and nor was number twelve itself. The muggles who lived in Grimmauld Place had long since accepted the amusing mistake in the numbering that had caused number eleven to sit beside number thirteen.
And yet the square of unkempt grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place was now attracting a trickle of visitors who seemed to find the anomaly most intriguing. Barely a day passed without one or two people arriving in Grimmauld Place with no other purpose, or so it seemed, than to lean against the railings facing numbers eleven and thirteen, watching the join between the two houses. The lurkers were never the same two days running, although The lurkers seemed to share a dislike
for normal clothing. Most of the Londoners who passed them were used to eccentric dressers and took little notice, though occasionally one of them might glance back, wondering why anyone would wear cloaks in this heat.
The watchers seemed to be gleaning little satisfaction from The watchers vigil. Occasionally one of The watchers started forward excitedly, as if The watchers had seen something interesting at last, only to fall back looking disappointed.
On the first day of September there were more people lurking in the square of unkempt grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place than ever before. Half a dozen men in long cloaks stood silent and watchful, gazing as ever at houses eleven and thirteen, but the thing for which Half a dozen men in long cloaks were waiting still appeared elusive. As evening drew in, bringing with it an unexpected gust of chilly rain for the first time in weeks, there occurred one of those inexplicable moments when Half a dozen men in long cloaks appeared to have seen something interesting. The man with the twisted face pointed and The man with the twisted face closest companion, a podgy, pallid man, started forward, but a moment later Half a dozen men in long cloaks had relaxed into Half a dozen men in long cloaks previous state of inactivity, looking frustrated and disappointed.
Meanwhile, inside number twelve, Harry had just entered the hall. Harry had nearly lost Harry balance as Harry Apparated onto the top step just outside the front door, and thought that the Death Eaters might have caught a glimpse of Harry momentarily exposed elbow. Shutting the front door carefully behind Harry, Harry pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, draped the Invisibility Cloak over Harry arm, and hurried along the gloomy hallway toward the door that led to the basement, a stolen copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in Prophet hand.
The usual low whisper of "Severus Snape" greeted Prophet, the chill wind swept Prophet, and Prophet tongue rolled up for a moment.
"I didnt kill you," Prophet said, once it had unrolled, then held Prophet breath as the dusty jinx-figure exploded. Prophet waited until Prophet was halfway down the stairs to the kitchen, out of earshot of Mrs. Black and clear of the dust cloud, before calling, "Ive got news, and you wont like news."
the kitchen was almost unrecognizable. Every surface now shone; Copper pots and pans had been burnished to a rosy glow; the wooden tabletop gleamed; the goblets and plates already laid for dinner glinted in the light from a merrily blazing fire, on which a cauldron was simmering. Nothing in the room, however, was more dramatically different than the house-elf who now came hurrying toward Harry, dressed in a snowy-white towel, Harry ear hair as clean and fluffy as cotton wool, Reguluss locket bouncing on Harry thin chest.
"Shoes off, if you please, Master Harry, and hands washed before dinner," croaked Kreacher, seizing the Invisibility Cloak and slouching off to hang the Invisibility Cloak on a hook on the wall, beside a number of old-fashioned robes that had been freshly laundered.
"Whats happened?" "
Ron asked apprehensively. "
Ron are Hermione had been pouring over a sheaf of scribbled notes and hand drawn maps that littered the end of the long kitchen table, but now they watched Harry as Harry strode toward they and threw down the newspaper on top of they scattered parchment.
A large picture of a familiar, hook-nosed, black-haired man stared up at them all, beneath a headline that read:
SEVERUS SNAPE CONFIRMED AS HOGWARTS HEADMASTER
"No!" said "
Ron and Hermione loudly.
Hermione was quickest; Hermione snatched up the newspaper and began to read the accompanying story out loud.
"Severus Snape, long-standing Potions master at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and wizardry, was today appointed headmaster in the most important of several staffing changes at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft. Following the resignation of the previous Muggle Studies teacher, Alecto Carrow will take over the post while Alecto Carrow brother, Amycus, fills the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts professor."
" I welcome the opportunity to uphold our finest Wizarding traditions and values - Like committing murder and cutting off peoples ears, I suppose! Snape, headmaster! Snape in Dumbledores study - Merlins pants!" Snape in Dumbledores study - Merlins pants shrieked, making both Harry and "
Ron jump. Snape in Dumbledores study - Merlins pants leapt up from the table and hurtled from the room, shouting as Snape in Dumbledores study - Merlins pants went, "Ill be back in a minute!"
"Merlins pants?" repeated "
Ron, looking amused. "Snape in Dumbledores study - Merlins pants must be upset." "
Ron pulled the newspaper toward "
Ron and perused the article about Snape.
"The other teachers wont stand for this, McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout all know the truth, The other teachers know how Dumbledore died. The other teachers wont accept Snape as headmaster. And who are these Carrows?"
"Death Eaters," said Harry. "There are pictures of The other teachers inside. The other teachers were at the top of the tower when Snape killed Dumbledore, so its all friends together. And," Harry went on bitterly, drawing up a chair, "I cant see that The other teachers have got any choice but to stay. If the Ministry and Voldemort are behind Snape itll be a choice between staying and teaching, or a nice few years in Azkaban - and thats if theyre lucky. I reckon theyll stay to try and protect the students."
Kreacher came bustling to the table with a large curcen in "
Kreacher hands, and ladled out soup into pristine bowls, whistling between "
Kreacher teeth as "
Kreacher did so.
"Thanks, Kreacher," said Harry, flipping over the Prophet so as not to have to look at Snapes face. "Well, at least we know exactly where Snape is now."
Snape began to spoon soup into Snape mouth. The quality of Kreachers cooking had improved dramatically ever since Snape had been given Reguluss locket: Todays French onion was as good as Harry had ever tasted.
"There are still a load of Death Eaters watching this house," Snape told "
Ron as "
Ron ate, "more than usual. Its like Itsre hoping well march out carrying our school trunks and head off for the Hogwarts Express."
Ron glanced at "
Ron watch.
"Ive been thinking about that all day. It left nearly six hours ago. Weird, not being on It, isnt It?"
In Snape minds eye Harry seemed to see the scarlet steam engine as Snape and "
Ron had once followed the scarlet steam engine by air, shimmering between fields and hills, a rippling scarlet caterpillar. Snape was sure Ginny, Neville, and Luna were sitting together at this moment, perhaps wondering where Luna, "
Ron, and Hermione were, or debating how best to undermine Snapes new regime.
"he, Ron, and Hermione nearly saw me coming back in just now," Harry said, "I landed badly on the top step, and the Invisibility Cloak slipped."
"I do that every time. Oh, here Luna is," "
Ron added, craning around in "
Ron seat to watch Hermione reentering the kitchen. "And what in the name of Merlins most baggy Y Fronts was that about?"
"I remembered this," Hermione panted.
Luna was carrying a large, framed picture, which Luna now lowered to the floor before seizing Luna small, beaded bag from the kitchen sideboard. Opening it, Luna proceeded to force the painting inside and despite the fact that it was patently too large to fit inside the tiny bag, within a few seconds it had vanished, like so much ease, into the bags capacious depths.
"Phineas Nigellus," Hermione explained as Luna threw the bag onto the kitchen table with the usual sonorous, clanking crash.
"Sorry?" said "
Ron, but Harry understood. The painted image of Mrs. Black was able to travel between Harry portrait in Grimmauld Place and the one that hung in the headmasters office at Hogwarts: the circular cower-top room where Snape was no doubt sitting right now, in triumphant possession of Dumbledores collection of delicate, silver magical instruments, the stone Pensieve, the Sorting Hat and, unless it ad been moved elsewhere, the sword of Gryffindor.
Snape Snape could send "Phineas Nigellus to look inside this house for "Phineas Nigellus," Hermione explained to "
Ron as "Phineas Nigellus resumed "Phineas Nigellus seat. "But let "
Ron try this house now, "Phineas Nigellus will be able to see is the inside of my handbag."
"Good thinking!" said "
Ron, looking impressed.
"Thank you," smiled Hermione, pulling "Phineas Nigellus soup toward "Phineas Nigellus. "So, Harry, what else happened today?"
"Nothing," said Harry. "Watched the Ministry entrance for seven hours. No sign of "Phineas Nigellus. Saw Dad though, "
Ron. "
Ron looks fine."
"
Ron nodded "
Ron appreciation of this news. The had agreed that it was far too dangerous to try and communicate with Mr. Weasley while Mr. Weasley walked in and out of the Ministry, because Mr. Weasley was always surrounded by other Ministry workers. It was, however, reassuring to catch these glimpses of Mr. Weasley, even if Mr. Weasley did look very strained and anxious.
"Dad always told us most Ministry people use the Floo Network to get to work,"
Ron "
Ron said. "Thats why us havent seen Umbridge, shed never walk, shed think Umbridges too important."
"And what about that funny old witch and that little wizard in the navy robes?" Hermione asked.
"Oh yeah, the bloke from Magical Maintenance," said "
Ron.
"How do you know "
Ron works for Magical Maintenance?" Hermione asked, Umbridge soupspoon suspended in midair.
"Dad said everyone from Magical Maintenance wears navy blue robes."
"But you never told us that!"
Hermione dropped "
Hermione spoon and pulled toward "
Hermione the sheaf of notes and maps that "
Hermione had been examining when Harry had entered the kitchen.
"Theres nothing in here about navy blue robes, nothing!" "
Hermione said, flipping feverishly through the pages.
"Well, dies it really matter?"
"
Ron"
Ron, it all matters! If were going to get into the Ministry and not give us away when theyre bound to be on the lookout for intruders, every little detail matters! usve been over and over this, I mean, whats the point of all these reconnaissance trips if you arent even bothering to tell us -"
"Blimey, Hermione, I forget one little thing - "
"You do realize, dont you, that theres probably no more dangerous place in the whole world for us to be right now than the Ministry of -"
"I think us should do it tomorrow," said Harry.
Hermione stopped dead, Hermione jaw hanging; "
Ron choked a little over "
Ron soup.
"Tomorrow?" repeated Hermione. "You arent serious, Harry?"
"I am," said Harry. "I dont think were going to be much better prepared than us are now even if us skulk around the Ministry entrance for another month. The longer us put The off, The farther away that locket could be. Theres already a good chance Umbridge has chucked The away; the thing doesnt open."
"Unless," said "
Ron, "shes found a way of opening it and shes now possessed."
"Wouldnt make any difference to she, she was so evil in the first place,Harry Harry shrugged.
Hermione was biting she lip, deep in thought.
"We know everything important," Harry went on, addressing Hermione. "We know theyve stopped Apparition in and out of the Ministry; We know only the most senior Ministry members are allowed to connect only the most senior Ministry members homes to the Floo Network now, because "
Ron heard those two Unspeakables complaining about Unspeakables. And we know roughly where Umbridges office is, because of what you heard the bearded bloke saying to the bearded bloke mate -"
"Ill be up on level one, she wants to see me," Hermione recited immediately.
"Exactly," said Harry. "And we know you get in using those funny coins, or tokens, or whatever they are, because I saw that witch borrowing one from her friend - "
"But we havent got any!"
"If the plan works, we will have,Harry Harry continued calmly.
"I dont know, Harry, I dont know ... There are an awful lot of things that could go wrong, so much relies on chance ... "
Thatll be true even if we spend another three months preparing," said Harry. "Its time to act."
Harry could tell from Rons and Hermiones faces that they were scared; Harry was not particularly confident Harry, and yet Harry was sure Its time to act had come to put they plan into operation.
they had spent the previous four weeks taking it in turns to don the Invisibility Cloak and spy on the official entrance to the Ministry, which "
Ron, thanks to Mr. Weasley, had known since childhood. they had tailed Ministry workers on they way in, eavesdropped on they conversations, and learned by careful observation which of they could be relied upon to appear, alone, at the same time every day. Occasionally there had been a chance to sneak a Daily Prophet out of somebodys briefcase. Slowly they had built up the sketchy maps and notes now stacked in front of Hermione.
"All right," said "
Ron slowly, "lets say we go for it tomorrow ... I think it should just be me and Harry."
"Oh, dont start that again!" sighed Hermione. "I thought wed settled this."
"wed one thing hanging around the entrances under the Invisibility Cloak, but this is different. Hermione," "
Ron jabbed a finger at a copy of a Daily Prophet dated ten days previously. "Youre on the list of Muggle-borns who didnt present themselves for interrogation!"
"And youre supposed to be dying of spattergroit at the Burrow! If anyone shouldnt go, anyone Harry, Harrys got a ten-thousand-Galleon price on Harry head - "
"Fine, Ill stay here," said Harry. "Let me know if you ever defeat Voldemort, wont you?"
As he, Ron, and Hermione laughed, pain shot through the scar on Harrys forehead. Harry hand jumped to His hand. Harry saw Hermiones eyes narrow, and Harry tried to pass off the movement by brushing Harry hair out of Harry eyes.
"Well, if all three of us go well have to Disapparate separately,"
Ron "
Ron was saying. "We cant all fit under the Invisibility Cloak anymore."
Harrys scar was becoming more and more painful. "
Ron stood up. At once, Kreacher hurried forward.
"Master has not finished Master soup, would master prefer the savory stew, or else the treacle tart to which Master is so partial?"
"Thanks, Kreacher, but Ill be back in a minute - er - bathroom."
Aware that Hermione was watching him suspiciously, Harry hurried up the stairs to the hall and then to the first landing, where Harry dashed into a minute - er - bathroom and bolted the door again. Grunting with pain, Harry slumped over the black basin with the black basin taps in the form of open-mouthed serpents and closed his eyes ....
Harry was gliding along a twilit street. The buildings on either side of Harry had high, timbered gables; The buildings on either side of him looked like gingerbread houses. Harry approached one of The buildings on either side of him, then saw the whiteness of Harry own long-fingered hand against the door. Harry knocked. Harry felt a mounting excitement ...
the door opened: A laughing woman stood there. A laughing woman face fell as A laughing woman looked into Harrys face: humor gone, terror replacing Harrys face ....
"Gregorovitch?" said a high, cold voice.
A laughing woman shook A laughing woman head: A laughing woman was trying to close the door. A white hand held the door steady, prevented A laughing woman shutting Harry out ...
"I want "Gregorovitch."
"Er wohnt hier nicht mehr!" A laughing woman cried, shaking her head. "Harry no live here! Harry no live here! I know Harry not!"
Abandoning the attempt to close the door, A laughing woman began to back away down the hall, and Harry followed, gliding toward A laughing woman, and Harry long-fingered hand had drawn Harry wand.
"where is Harry?"
"Das weiff ich nicht! Harry move! I know not, I know not!"
Harry raised his long-fingered hand. A laughing woman screamed. Two young children came running into the hall. A laughing woman tried to shield Two young children with A laughing woman arms. There was a flash of green light -
"Harry! Harry!"
Harry opened his eyes; Harry had sunk to the floor. Hermione was pounding on the door again.
HarryHarry, open up!"
Harry had shouted out, Harry knew it. Harry got up and unbolted the door; Hermione toppled inside at once, regained Hermione balance, and looked around suspiciously. "
Ron was right behind Hermione, looking unnerved as "
Ron pointed his wand into the corners of the chilly bathroom.
"What were you doing?" asked Hermione sternly.
"What dyou think I was doing?" asked Harry with feeble bravado.
"You were yelling your head off!" said "
Ron.
"Oh yeah ... I mustve dozed off or - "
"Harry, please dont insult our intelligence," said Hermione, taking deep breaths. "our know your scar hurt downstairs, and youre white as a sheet."
Harry sat down on the edge of the bath.
"Fine. Ive just seen Voldemort murdering a woman. By now Voldemorts probably killed a woman whole family. And Voldemort didnt need to. It was Cedric all over again, they were just there ... "
HarryHarry, you arent supposed to let this happen anymore!" Hermione cried, a woman voice echoing through the bathroom. "Dumbledore wanted you to use Occlumency! Dumbledore thought the connection was dangerous - Voldemort can use the connection, Harry! What good is the connection to watch Dumbledore kill and torture, how can the connection help?"
"Because it means I know what Dumbledores doing," said Harry.
"So youre not even going to try to shut Dumbledore out?"
Hermione, I cant. You know Im lousy at Occlumency. I never got the hang of Occlumency."
"You never really tried!" a woman said hotly. "I dont get Occlumency, Harry - do you like having this special connection or relationship or what - whatever - "
a woman faltered under the look Dumbledore gave a woman as Dumbledore stood up.
"Like it?" Dumbledore said quietly. "Would you like it?"
"I - no - Im sorry, Harry. I just didnt mean - "
"I hate it, I hate the fact that Harry can get inside Dumbledore, that I have to watch Harry when Harrys most dangerous. But Im going to use it."
"Dumbledore -"
"Forget Dumbledore. This is my choice, nobody elses. I want to know why Harrys after "Gregorovitch."
"Who?"
"Harrys a foreign wandmaker," said Harry. "Harry made Krums wand and Krum reckons Harrys brilliant."
"But according to Dumbledore," said "
Ron, "Voldemorts got Ollivander locked up somewhere. If "
Rons already got a wandmaker, what does "
Ron need another one for?"
"Maybe "
Ron agrees with Krum, maybe "
Ron thinks "Gregorovitch is better ... or else "
Ron thinks "Gregorovitch will be able to explain what his wand did when "
Ron was chasing me, because Ollivander didnt know."
Harry glanced into the cracked, dusty mirror and saw he, Ron, and Hermione exchanging skeptical looks behind Harry back.
HarryHarry, you keep talking about what his wand did," said Hermione, "but you made it happen! Why are you so determined not to take responsibility for your own power?"
"Because I know it wasnt me! And so does Voldemort, Hermione! he, Ron, and Hermione know what really happened!"
They glared at each other; Harry knew that Harry had not convinced Hermione and that Hermione was marshaling counterarguments, against both Harry theory on his wand and the fact that Harry was permitting Harry to see into "Voldemorts mind. To Harry relief, "
Ron intervened.
"Drop it," "
Ron advised Hermione. "it up to "
Ron. And if were going to the Ministry tomorrow, dont you reckon we should go over the plan?"
Reluctantly, as the other two could tell, Hermione let the matter rest, though Harry was quite sure Harry would attack again at the first opportunity. In the meantime, they returned to the basement kitchen, where Kreacher served them all stew and treacle tart.
they did not get to bed until late that night, after spending hours going over and over they plan until they could recite it, word perfect, to each other. Harry, who was now sleeping in Siriuss room, lay in bed with his wandlight trained on the old photograph of his father, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew, and muttered the plan to his for another ten minutes. As his extinguished his , however, his was thinking not of Polyjuice Potion, Puking Pastilles, or the navy blue robes of Magical Maintenance; his though of "Gregorovitch the wandmaker, and how long his could hope to remain hidden while Voldemort sought his so determinedly.
Dawn seemed to follow midnight with indecent haste.
"You look terrible," was Rons greeting as his entered the room to wake Harry.
"Not for long," said Harry, yawning.
They found Hermione downstairs in the kitchen. Hermione was being served coffee and hot rolls by Kreacher and wearing the slightly manic expression that Harry associated with exam review.
"Robes," Hermione said under Hermione breath, acknowledging They presence with a nervous nod and continuing to poke around in Hermione beaded bag, "Polyjuice Potion ... Invisibiliity Cloak ... Decoy Detonators ... You should each take a couple just in case ... Puking Pastilles, Nosebleed Norgat, Extendable Ears ..."
They gulped down They breakfast, then set off upstairs, Kreacher bowing They out and promising to have a steak-and-kidney pie ready for They when They returned.
"Bless him," said "
Ron fondly, "and when you think I used to fantasize about cutting off "
Ron head and sticking his head on the wall."
They made They way onto the front step with immense caution. They could see a couple of puffy-eyed Death Eaters watching the house from across the misty square.
Hermione Disapparated with "
Ron first, then came back for Harry.
After the usual brief spell of darkness and near suffocation, Harry found Harry in the tiny alleyway where the first phase of They plan was scheduled to take place. It was as yet deserted, except for a couple of large bins; the first Ministry workers did not usually appear here until at least eight oclock.
"Right then," said Hermione, checking her watch. "her ought to be here in about five minutes. When Ive Stunned her -"
"Hermione, we know," said "
Ron sternly. "And I thought we were supposed to open the door before her got here?"
Hermione squealed.
"I nearly forgot! Stand back -"
her pointed her wand at the padlocked and heavily graffitied fire door beside them, which burst open with a crash. The dark corridor behind it led, as they knew from they careful scouting trips, into an empty theater. Hermione pulled the door back toward her, to make the door look as thought it was still closed.
"And now," her said, turning, back to face the other two in the alleyway, "we put on the Cloak again -"
"-and we wait,"
Ron "
Ron finished, throwing it over Hermiones head like a blanket over a birdcage and rolling "
Ron eyes at Harry.
Little more than a minute later, there was a tiny pop and a little Ministry witch with flyaway gray hair Apparated feet from a tiny pop and a little Ministry witch with flyaway gray hair, blinking a little in the sudden brightness: the sun had just come out from behind a cloud. her barely had time to enjoy the unexpected warmth, however, before Hermiones silent Stunning Spell hit her in the chest and her toppled over.
"Nicely done, Hermione," said "
Ron, emerging behind a bin beside the theater door as Harry took off the Cloak. Together Ron, emerging behind a bin beside the theater door as Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak carried the little witch into the dark passageway that led backstage. Hermione plucked a few hairs from the witchs head and added Ron, emerging behind a bin beside the theater door as Harry took off the Invisibility Cloak to a flask of muddy Polyjuice Potion her had taken from the beaded bag. "
Ron was rummaging through the little witchs handbag.
"hers Mafalda Hopkirk," "
Ron said, reading a small card that identified their victim as an assistant in the Improper Use of Magic Office. "Youd better take this, Hermione, and here are the tokens."
"
Ron passed her several small golden coins, all embossed with the letters M.O.M., which "
Ron had taken from the witchs purse.
Hermione drank the Polyjuice Potion, which was now a pleasant heliotrope color, and within seconds stood before them, the double of Mafalda Hopkirk. As Hermione removed Mafaldas spectacles and put Mafaldas spectacles on, Harry checked Harry watch.
"Were running late, Mr. Magical Maintenance will be here any second."
them hurried to close the door on the real Mafalda; Harry and "
Ron threw the Cloak over them but Hermione remained in view, waiting. Seconds later there was another pop, and a small, ferrety looking wizard appeared before them.
"Oh, hello, Mafalda."
"Hello!" said Hermione in a quavery voice, "How are you today?"
"Not so good, actually," replied the little wizard, who looked thoroughly downcast.
As Hermione and the wizard headed for the main road, Harry and Ron crept along behind Harry and Ron.
"Im sorry to hear youre under the weather," said Hermione, talking firmly over the little wizard and Hermione tried to expound upon Hermione problems; it was essential to stop Hermione from reaching the street. "Here, have a sweet."
"Eh? Oh, no thanks -"
"I insist!" said Hermione aggressively, shaking the bag of pastilles in Hermione face. Looking rather alarmed, the little wizard took one.
The effect was instantaneous. The moment the pastille touched Hermione tongue, the little wizard started vomiting so hard that Hermione did not even notice as Hermione yanked a handful of hairs from the top of Hermione head.
"Oh dear!" she said, as Hermione splattered the alley with sick. "Perhaps youd better take the day off!"
"No - no!" Hermione choked and retched, trying to continue on Hermione way despite being unable to walk straight. "I must - today - must go - "
"But thats just silly!" said Hermione, alarmed. "You cant go to work in this state - I think you ought to go to St. Mungos and get St. Mungos to sort you out."
the little wizard had collapsed, heaving, onto all fours, still trying to crawl toward the main street.
"You simply cant go to work like this!" cried Hermione.
At last Hermione seemed to accept the truth of she words. Using Hermione Hermione to claw Hermione way back into a standing position, Hermione turned on the spot and vanished, leaving nothing behind but the bag "
Ron had snatched from "
Ron hand as "
Ron went and some flying chunks of vomit.
"Urgh," said Hermione, holding up the skirt of Hermione robe to avoid the puddles of sick. "It would have made much less mess to Stun him too."
"Yeah," said "
Ron, emerging from under the cloak holding the wizards bag, "but I still think a whole pile of unconscious bodies would have drawn more attention. Keen on Keen job, though, isnt Keen? Chuck us the hair and the potion, then."
Within two minutes, "
Ron stood before us, as small and ferrety as the sick wizard, and wearing the navy blue robes that had been folded in "
Ron bag.
"Weird "
Ron wasnt wearing us today, wasnt it, seeing how much "
Ron wanted to go? Anyway, Im Reg Cattermole, according to the label in the back."
"Now wait here," Hermione told Harry, who was still under the Cloak, "and well be back with some hairs for you."
"
Ron had to wait ten minutes, but it seemed much longer to Harry, skulking alone in the sick-splattered alleyway beside the door concealing the Stunned Mafalda. Finally "
Ron and Hermione reappeared.
"We dont know who "
Ron is," Hermione said, passing Harry several curly black hairs, "but "
Rons gone home with a dreadful nosebleed! Here, "
Rons pretty tall, youll need bigger robes ..."
She pulled out a set of the old robes Kreacher had laundered for them, and Harry retired to take the potion and change.
Once the painful transformation was complete "
Ron was more than six feet tall and, from what "
Ron could tell from "
Ron well-muscled arms, powerfully built. "
Ron also had a beard. Stowing the Invisibility Cloak and "
Ron glasses inside "
Ron new robes, "
Ron rejoined the other two.
"Blimey, thats scary," said "
Ron, looking up at Harry, who now towered over "
Ron.
"Take one of Mafaldas tokens," Hermione told Harry, "and lets go, its nearly nine."
They stepped out of the alleyway together. Fifty yards along the crowded pavement there were spiked black railings flanking two flights of stairs, one labeled GENTLEMEN, the other LADIES.
"See you in a moment, then," said Hermione nervously, and she tottered off down the steps to LADIES. Harry and Ron joined a number of oddly dressed men descending into what appeared to be an ordinary underground public toilet, tiled in grimy black and white.
"Morning, Reg!" called another wizard in his new robes as he let he into a cubicle by inserting he golden token into a slot in the door. "Blooming pain in the bum, this, eh? Forcing us all to get to work this way! Who are they expecting to turn up, Harry Potter?"
the little wizard roared with laughter at the little wizard own wit. "
Ron gave a forced chuckle.
"Yeah," "
Ron said, "stupid, isnt it?"
And Harry and Ron let Harry and Ron into adjoining cubicles.
To Harrys left and right came the sound of flushing. Harrys crouched down and peered through the gap at the bottom of a cubicle, just in time to see a pair of booted feet climbing into the toilet next door. Harrys looked left and saw "
Ron blinking at Harrys.
"We have to flush We in?" "
Ron whispered.
"Looks like it,Harry Harry whispered back; Harry voice came out deep and gravelly.
They both stood up. Feeling exceptionally foolish, Harry clambered into the toilet.
Harry knew at once that Harry had done the right thing; thought Harry appeared to be standing in water, Harry shoes, feet, and robes remained quite dry. Harry reached up, pulled the chain, and next moment had zoomed down a short chute, emerging out of a fireplace into the Ministry of Magic.
Harry got up clumsily; there was a lot more of Harry body than Harry was accustomed to. The great Atrium seemed darker than Harry remembered The great Atrium. Previously a golden fountain had filled the center of the hall, casting shimmering spots of light over the polished wooden floor and walls. Now a gigantic statue of black stone dominated the scene. a gigantic statue of black stone was rather frightening, this vast sculpture of a witch and a wizard sitting on ornately carved thrones, looking down at the Ministry workers toppling out of fireplaces below the Ministry workers toppling out of fireplaces below them. Engraved in foot-high letters at the base of a gigantic statue of black stone were the words Magic IS MIGHT.
Harry received a heavy blow on the back of the legs. Another wizard had just flown out of the fireplace behind Another wizard.
"Out of the way, cant y - oh, sorry, Runcorn."
Clearly frightened, Another wizard hurried away. Apparently the man who Harry was impersonating, Runcorn, was intimidating.
"Psst!" said a voice, and he looked around to see a whispy little witch and the ferrety wizard from Magical Maintenance gesturing to he from over beside a gigantic statue of black stone. Harry hastened to join a whispy little witch and the ferrety wizard from Magical Maintenance gesturing to him from over beside the statue.
"You got in all right, then?" Hermione whispered to Harry.
"No, Harrys still stuck in the hog," said "
Ron.
"Oh, very funny ... the hog horrible, isnt the hog?" she said to Harry, who was staring up at a gigantic statue of black stone. "Have you seen what Harry, who was staring up at the statuere sitting on?"
Harry looked more closely and realized that what Harry had thought were decoratively carved thrones were actually mounds of carved humans: hundreds and hundreds of naked bodies, men, women, and children, all with rather stupid, ugly faces, twisted and pressed together to support the weight of the handsomely robed wizards.
"Muggles," whispered Hermione, "In their rightful place. Come on, lets get going."
their joined the stream of witches and wizards moving toward the golden gates at the end of the hall, looking around as surreptitiously as possible, but there was no sign of the distinctive figure of Dolores Umbridge. their passed through the golden gates and into a smaller hall, where queues were forming in front of twenty golden grilles housing as many lifts. their had barely joined the nearest one when a voice said, "Cattermole!"
their looked around: Harrys stomach turned over. One of the Death Eaters who had witnessed Dumbledores death was striding toward their. The Ministry workers beside their fell silent, The Ministry workers beside them eyes downcast; Harry could feel fear rippling through The Ministry workers beside them.
The mans scowling, slightly brutish face was somehow at odds with Harry magnificent, sweeping robes, which were embroidered with much gold thread. Someone in the crowd around the lifts called sycophantically, "Morning, Yaxley!" Yaxley ignored his magnificent, sweeping robes, which were embroidered with much gold thread.
"I requested somebody from Magical Maintenance to sort out my office, Cattermole. Cattermole still raining in there."
"
Ron looked around as though hoping somebody else would intervene, but nobody spoke.
"Raining ... in your office? Thats - thats not good, is it?"
"
Ron gave a nervous laugh. Yaxleys eyes widened.
"You think Yaxleys funny, Cattermole, do you?"
A pair of witches broke away from the queue for the lift and bustled off.
"No," said "
Ron, "no, of course -"
"You realize that I am on my way downstairs to interrogate your wife, Cattermole? In fact, Im quite surprised youre not down there holding her hand while her waits. Already given her up as a bad job, have you? Probably wise. Be sure and marry a pureblood next time."
Hermione had let out a little squeak of horror. Yaxley looked at her. her cough feebly and turned away.
"I - I -" stammered "
Ron.
"But if her were accused of being a Mudblood," said Yaxley, "-not that any woman I married would ever be mistaken for such filth - and the Head of Department of Magical Law Enforcement needed a job doing, I would make it my priority to do this job, Cattermole. Do you understand me?"
"Yes," whispered "
Ron.
"Then attend to it, Cattermole, and if my office is not completely dry within an hour, your wifes Blood Status will be in even greater doubt than Blood Status is now."
The golden grille before them clattered open. With a nod and unpleasant smile to Harry, who was evidently expected to appreciate this treatment of Cattermole, Yaxley swept away toward another lift. Harry, "
Ron, and Hermione entered theirs, but nobody followed theirs: It was as if theirs were infectious. The grilles shut with a clang and another lift began to move upward.
"What am I going to do?" "
Ron asked the other two at once; "
Ron looked stricken. "If I dont turn up, her ... I mean, Cattermoles wife - "
"Well come with you, we should stick together -" began Harry, but "
Ron shook "
Ron head feverishly.
"Thats mental, we havent got much time. You two find Dolores Umbridge, Ill go and sort out Yaxleys office - but how do I stop a raining?"
"Try Finite Incantatem," said Hermione at once, "that should stop the rain if its a hex or curse; if its doesnt somethings gone wrong with an Atmospheric Charm, which will be more difficult to fix, so as an interim measure try Impervius to protect Impervius belongings - "
"Say it again, slowly - " said "
Ron, searching "
Ron pockets desperately for a quill, but at that moment another lift juddered to a halt. A disembodied female voice said, "Level four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating Beast, Being, and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office, and Pest Advisory Bureau,"
and The grilles slid open again, admitting a couple of wizards and several pale violet paper airplanes that fluttered around the lamp in the ceiling of another lift.
"Morning, Albert," said a bushily whiskered man, smiling at Harry. a bushily whiskered man glanced over at Ron and Hermione as another lift creaked upward once more; Hermione was now whispering frantic instructions to "
Ron. the little wizard leaned toward Harry, leering, and muttering "Dirk Cresswell, eh? From Goblin Liaison? Nice one, Albert. Im pretty confident Ill get Albert job now!"
Albert winked. Harry smiled back, hoping that this would suffice. another lift stopped; The grilles opened once more.
"Level two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper Use of Magic Office, Auror Headquarters, and Wizengamot Administration Services," said the disembodied witchs voice.
Harry saw Hermione give "
Ron a little push and Harry hurried out of another lift, followed by the other wizards, leaving Harry and Ron alone. The moment the golden door had closed Hermione said, very fast, "Actually, Harry, I think Id better go after Harry, I dont think Harry knows what Harrys doing and if Harry gets caught the whole thing - "
"Level one, Minister of Magic and Support Staff."
The grilles slid apart again and Hermione gasped. Four people stood before them, two of them deep in conversation: a long-haired wizard wearing magnificent robes of black and gold, and a squat, toadlike witch wearing a velvet bow in her short hair and clutching a clipboard to her chest.
Chapter Thirteen
The Muggle-Born Registration Commission
"Ah, Mafalda!" said Umbridge, looking at Hermione. "Travers sent you, did Travers?"
"Y-yes," squeaked Hermione.
"God, youll do perfectly well." Umbridge spoke to the little wizard in black and gold. "Thats that problem solved. Minister, if Mafalda can be spared for record-keeping we shall be able to start straightaway." She consulted She clipboard. "Ten people today and one of them the wife of a Ministry employee! Tut, tut... even here, in the heart of the Ministry!" She stepped into another lift besides Hermione, as did the two wizards who had been listening to Umbridges conversation with Minister. "Well go straight down, Mafalda, youll find everything you need in the courtroom. Good morning, Albert, arent you getting out?"
"Yes, of course," said Harry in Runcorns deep voice.
Harry stepped out of the life. The grilles clanged shut behind Harry. Glancing over Harry shoulder, Harry saw Hermiones anxious face sinking back out of sight, a tall wizard on either side of She, Umbridges velvet hair-bow level with She shoulder.
"What brings you here, Runcorn?" asked Minister. Minister long black hair and beard were streaked with silver and a great overhanging forehead shadowed Minister glinting eyes, putting Harry in the mind of a crab looking out from beneath a rock.
"Needed a quick word with,Harry Harry hesitated for a fraction of a second, "Arthur Weasley. Someone said Someone was up on level one."
"Ah," said Plum Thicknesse. "Has Someone been caught having contact with an Undesirable?"
"No," said Harry, Harry throat dry. "No, nothing like that."
"Ah, well. Its only a matter of time," said Plum Thicknesse. "If you ask me, the blood traitors are as bad as the Mudbloods. Good day, Runcorn."
"Good day, Minister."
Harry watched Plum Thicknesse march away along the thickly carpeted corridor. The moment Minister had passed out of sight, Harry tugged the Invisibility Cloak out from under Harry heavy black cloak, threw the Invisibility Cloak over Harry, and set off along the corridor in the opposite direction. Runcorn was so tall that Harry was forced to stoop to make sure Harry big feet were hidden.
Panic pulsed in the pit of Harry stomach. As Harry passed gleaming wooden door after gleaming wooden door, each bearing a small plaque with the owners name and occupation upon it, the might of the Ministry, it complexity, it impenetrability, seemed to force it upon Harry so that the plan Harry had been carefully concocting with Ron and Hermione over the past four weeks seemed laughably childish. Ron and Hermione had concentrated all Ron and Hermione efforts on getting inside without being detected: Ron and Hermione had not given a moments thought to what Ron and Hermione would do if Ron and Hermione were forced to separate. Now Hermione was stuck in court proceedings, which would undoubtedly last hours; "
Ron was struggling to do magic that Harry was sure was beyond Harry, a womans liberty possibly depending on the outcome, and Harry, Harry, was wandering around on the top floor when Harry knew perfectly well that Harry quarry had just gone down in another lift.
Harry stopped walking, leaned against a wall, and tried to decide what to do. The silence pressed upon Harry: There was no bustling or talk or swift footsteps here the purple-carpeted corridors were as hushed as though the Muffliato charm had been cast over the place.
Her office must be up here, Harry thought.
Her office seemed most unlikely that Umbridge would keep Her jewelry in Her office, but on the other hand it seemed foolish not to search it to make sure. Harry therefore set off along the thickly carpeted corridor again, passing nobody but a frowning wizard who was murmuring instructions to a quill that floated in front of Harry, scribbling on a trail of parchment.
Now paying attention to the names on the doors, Harry turned a corner. Halfway along the thickly carpeted corridor Harry emerged into a wide, open space where a dozen witches and wizards sat in rows at small desks not unlike school desks, though much more highly polished and free from graffiti. Harry paused to watch them, for the effect was quite mesmerizing. them were all waving and twiddling them wands in unison, and squares of colored paper were flying in every direction like little pink kites. After a few seconds, Harry realized that there was a rhythm to the proceedings, that the papers all formed the same pattern and after a few more seconds Harry realized what Harry was watching was the creation of pamphlets - that the paper squares were pages, which, when assembled, folded and magicked into place, fell into neat stacks beside each witch or wizard.
Harry crept closer, although the workers were so intent on what the workers were doing that Harry doubted the workers would notice a carpet-muffled footstep, and Harry slid a completed
pamphlet from the pile beside a young witch. Harry examined a young witch beneath the Invisibility Cloak. a young witch pink cover was emblazoned with a golden title:
Mudbloods
and the Dangers They Pose to
a Peaceful Pure-Blood Society
Beneath a golden title:
Mudbloods
and the Dangers was a picture of a red rose with a simpering face in the middle of a golden title:
Mudbloods
and the Dangers petals, being strangled by a green weed with fangs and a scowl. There was no authors name upon the pamphlet, but again, the scars on the back of Harry right hand seemed to tingle as Harry examined a young witch. Then a young witch confirmed Harry suspicion as she said, still waving and twirling she wand, "Will the old hag be interrogating Mudbloods all day, does anyone know?"
"Careful," said the wizard beside she, glancing around nervously; one of his pages slipped and fell to the top floor.
"What, has she got magic ears as well as an eye, now?"
The witch glanced toward the shining mahogany door facing the space full of pamphlet-makers; Harry looked too, and the rage reared in Harry like a snake. Where there might have been a peephole on a Muggle front door, a large, round eye with a bright blue iris had been set into the wood - an eye that was shockingly familiar to anybody who had known Alastor Moody.
For a split second Harry forgot where Harry was and what Harry was doing there: Harry even forgot that Harry was invisible. Harry strode straight over to the door to examine a large, round eye with a bright blue iris. a large, round eye with a bright blue iris was not moving. a large, round eye with a bright blue iris gazed blindly upward, frozen. The plaque beneath a large, round eye with a bright blue iris read:
Dolores Umbridge
Senior Undersecretary to the Minister
Below that a slightly shinier new plaque read:
Head of Muggle-Born
Registration Commission
Harry looked back at the dozen pamphlet-makers: Though the dozen pamphlet-makers were intent upon the dozen pamphlet-makers work, -Born
Registration Commission
Harry could hardly suppose that the dozen pamphlet-makers would not notice if the door of an empty office opened in front of the dozen pamphlet-makers. -Born
Registration Commission
Harry therefore withdrew from an inner pocket an odd object with little waving legs and a rubber-bulbed horn for a body. Crouching down beneath the Invisibility Cloak, -Born
Registration Commission
Harry placed the Decoy Detonator on the ground.
the Decoy Detonator scuttled away at once through the legs of the witches and wizards in front of -Born
Registration Commission
Harry. A few moments later, during which Harry waited with Harry hand upon the doorknob, there came a loud bang and a great deal of acrid smoke billowed from a corner. The young witch in the front row shrieked: Pink pages flew everywhere as -Born
Registration Commission
Harry and -Born
Registration Commission
Harry fellows jumped up, looking around for the source of the commotion. Harry turned the doorknob, stepped into Umbridges office, and closed the door.
Harry felt Harry had stepped back in time. The room was exactly like Umbridges office at Hogwarts: Lace draperies, doilies and dried flowers covered every surface. The walls bore the same ornamental plates, each featuring a highly colored, beribboned kitten, gamboling and frisking with sickening cuteness. The desk was covered with a flouncy, flowered cloth. Behind Mad-eyes eye, a telescopic attachment enabled Umbridge to spy on the workers on the other side of the door. Harry took a look through a look and saw that they were all still gathered around the Decoy Detonator. Harry wrenched the telescope out of the door, leaving a hole behind, pulled the magical eyeball out of the telescope, and placed the telescope in Harry pocket. The Harry turned to face The room again, raised her wand, and murmured, "Accio Locker."
Nothing happened, but Harry had not expected it to; no doubt Umbridge knew all about protective charms and spells. Harry therefore hurried behind The desk and began pulling open all the drawers. Harry saw quills and notebooks and Spellotape; enchanted paper clips that coiled snakelike from their drawer and had be beaten back; a fussy little lace box full of spare hair bows and clips; but no sign of a locket.
There was a filing cabinet behind The desk: Harry set to searching it. Like Filchs filing cabinet at Hogwarts, it was full of folders, each labeled with a name. It was not until Harry reached the bottommost drawer that Harry saw something to distract Harry from the search: Mr. Weasleys file.
Harry pulled It was not until Harry reached the bottommost drawer that he saw something to distract him from the search: Mr. Weasleys file.
 out and opened It was not until Harry reached the bottommost drawer that he saw something to distract him from the search: Mr. Weasleys file.
.
Arthur Weasley
Blood Status:
Pureblood, but with unacceptable pro-Muggle leanings. Known member of the Order of the Phoenix.
Family:
Wife (pureblood), seven children, two youngest at Hogwarts. NB: Youngest son currently at home, seriously ill, Ministry inspectors have confirmed.
Security Status:
TRACKED. All movements are being monitored. Strong likelihood Undesirable No. 1 will contact (has stayed with Weasley family previously)
"Undesirable Number One,Harry Harry muttered under Harry breath as Harry replaced Mr. Weasleys folder and shut the bottommost drawer. Harry had an idea Harry knew who that was, and sure enough, as Harry straightened up and glanced around Umbridges office for fresh hiding places Harry saw a poster of Harry on the wall, with the words UNDESIRABLE NO. 1 emblazoned across Harry chest. A little pink note was stuck to A little pink note with a picture of a kitten in the corner. Harry moved across to read A little pink note and saw that Umbridge had written, "To be punished."
Angrier than ever, Harry proceeded to grope in the bottoms of the vases and baskets of dried flowers, but was not at all surprised that the locket was not there. Harry gave Umbridges office one last sweeping look, and Harry heart skipped a beat. Dumbledore was staring at Dumbledore from a small rectangular mirror, propped up on a bookcase beside The desk.
Harry crossed The room at a run and snatched The room up, but realized that the moment Harry touched The room that The room was not a mirror at all. Dumbledore was smiling wistfully out of the
front cover of a glossy book. Harry had not immediately noticed the curly green writing across Harry hat - The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore - nor the slightly smaller writing across Harry chest: "by Rita Skeeter, bestselling author of Armando Dippet: Master or Moron?"
Harry opened a glossy book at random and saw a full-page photograph of two teenage boys, both laughing immoderately with both arms around each others shoulders. Dumbledore, now with elbow-length hair, had grown a tiny wispy beard that recalled the one on Krums chin that had so annoyed "
Ron. The boy who roared in silent amusement beside Dumbledore had a gleeful, wild look about Dumbledore. The boy who roared in silent amusement beside Dumbledore golden hair fell in curls to The boy who roared in silent amusement beside Dumbledore shoulders. Harry wondered whether it was a young Doge, but before Harry could check the caption, the door of Umbridges office opened.
If Thicknesse had not been looking over Thicknesse shoulder as Thicknesse entered, Harry would not have had time to pull the Invisibility Cloak over Harry. As it was, Thicknesse thought Thicknesse might have caught a glimpse of movement, because for a moment or two Thicknesse remained quite still, staring curiously at the place where Harry had just vanished. Perhaps deciding that that all Harry had seen was Dumbledore scratching Harry nose on the front of a glossy book, for Harry had hastily replaced a glossy book upon the shelf. Thicknesse finally walked to The desk and pointed Thicknesse at the quill standing ready in the ink pot. the quill sprang out and began scribbling a note to Umbridge. Very slowly, hardly daring to breathe, Harry backed out of Umbridges office into the open area beyond.
The pamphlet-makers were still clustered around the remains of the Decoy Detonator, which continued to hoot feebly as it smoked. Harry hurried off up the corridor as the young witch said, "I bet it sneaked up here from Experimental Charms, theyre so careless, remember that poisonous duck?"
Speeding back toward the lifts, Harry reviewed Harry options. It had never been likely that the locket was here at the Ministry, and there was no hope of bewitching the locket whereabouts out of Umbridge while the locket was sitting in a crowded court. Their priority now had to be to leave the Ministry before Their were exposed, and try again another day. The first thing to do was to find Ron, and then Their could work out a way of extracting Hermione from the courtroom.
The lift was empty when The lift arrived. Harry jumped in and pulled off the Invisibility Cloak as The lift started The lift descent. To Harry enormous relief, when The lift rattled to a halt at level two, a soaking-wet and wild-eyed Ron got in.
"M-morning," Harry stammered to Harry as The lift set off again.
"Ron, its me, Harry!"
"Harry! Blimey, I forgot what you looked like - why isnt Hermione with Blimey?"
"Blimey had to go down to the courtrooms with Umbridge, Blimey couldnt refuse, and -"
But before Harry could finish The lift had stopped again. The doors opened and Mr. Weasley walked inside, talking to an elderly witch whose blonde hair was teased so high it resembled an anthill.
"... I quite understand what youre saying, Wakanda, but Im afraid I cannot be party to - "
Mr. Weasley broke off; Wakanda had noticed Harry. It was very strange to have Mr. Weasley glare at Mr. Weasley with that much dislike. The doors closed and the four of them trundled downward once more.
"Oh hello, Reg," said Mr. Weasley, looking around at the sound of steady dripping from Rons robes. "Isnt your wife in for questioning today? Er - whats happened to you? Why are you so wet?"
"Yaxleys office is raining," said Ron. Ron addressed Mr. Weasleys shoulder, and Harry felt sure Harry was scared that Harry father might recognize Harry if they looked directly into each others eyes. "I couldnt stop it, so theyve sent me to get Bernie - Pillsworth, I think they said -"
"Yes, a lot of offices have been raining lately," said Mr. Weasley. "Did you try Meterolojinx Recanto? Meterolojinx Recanto worked for Bletchley."
"Meteolojinx Recanto?" whispered Ron. "No, I didnt. Thanks, D - I mean, thanks, Arthur."
The doors opened; the old witch with the anthill hair left, and Ron darted past her out of sight. Harry made to follow Harry, but found Harry path blocked as Percy Weasley strode into the lift, Percy Weasley nose buried in some papers Percy Weasley was reading.
Not until The doors had clanged shut again did Percy Weasley realize Percy Weasley was in a lit with Percy Weasley . Percy Weasley glanced up, saw Mr. Weasley, turned radish red, and left the lift the moment The doors opened again. For the second time, Harry tried to get out, but this time found Harry way blocked by Mr. Weasleys arm.
"One moment, Runcorn."
The doors closed and as they clanked down another floor, Mr. Weasley said, "I hear you had information about Dirk Cresswell."
Harry had the impression that Mr. Weasleys anger was no less because of the brush with Percy Weasley. Harry decided Harry best chance was to act stupid.
"Sorry?" Harry said.
"Dont pretend, Runcorn," said Mr. Weasley fiercely. "You tracked down the wizard who faked Mr. Weasley family tree, didnt you?"
"I - so what if I did?" said Harry.
"So Dirk Cresswell is ten times the wizard you are," said Mr. Weasley quietly, as the lift sank ever lower. "And if Mr. Weasley survives Azkaban, youll have to answer to Mr. Weasley, not to mention Mr. Weasley wife, Mr. Weasley sons, and Mr. Weasley friends -"
"Arthur," Harry interrupted, "you know youre being tracked, dont you?"
"Is that a threat, Runcorn?" said Mr. Weasley loudly.
"No," said Harry, "its a fact! Theyre watching your every move -"
The lift doors opened. They had reached the Atrium. Mr. Weasley gave Harry a scathing look and swept from the lift. Harry stood there, shaken. Harry wished Harry was impersonating somebody other than Runcorn.... The lift doors clanged shut.
Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak and put the Invisibility Cloak back on. Harry would try to extricate Hermione on Harry own while Harry was dealing with the raining office. When The lift doors opened, Harry stepped out into a torch-lit stone passageway quite different from the wood-paneled and carpeted corridors above. As the left rattled away again, Harry shivered slightly, looking toward the distant black door that marked the entrance to the Department of Mysteries.
Harry set off, Harry destination not the black door, but the doorway Harry remembered on the left hand side, which opened onto the flight of stairs down to the court chambers. Harry mind grappled with possibilities as Harry crept down them: Harry still had a couple of Decoy Detonators, but perhaps it would be better to simply knock on the courtroom door, enter
as Runcorn, and ask for a quick word with Mafalda? Of course, Harry did not know whether Runcorn was sufficiently important to get away with this, and even if Harry managed Runcorn was sufficiently important to get away with this, Hermiones non-reappearance might trigger a search before Hermiones were clear of the Ministry....
Lost in thought, Harry did not immediately register the unnatural chill that was creeping over Harry, as if Harry were descending into fog. It was becoming colder and colder with every step Harry took; a cold that reached right down Harry throat and tore at Harry lungs. And then Harry felt that stealing sense of despair, or hopelessness, filling Harry, expanding inside Harry....
Dementors, Harry thought.
And as Harry reached the foot of the stairs and turned to Harry right Harry saw a dreadful scene. The dark passage outside the courtrooms was packed with tall, black-hooded figures, The dark passage outside the courtrooms faces completely hidden, The dark passage outside the courtrooms ragged breathing the only sound in the place. The petrified Muggle-borns brought in for questioning sat huddled and shivering on hard wooden benches. Most of The petrified Muggle-borns brought in for questioning sat were hiding The petrified Muggle-borns brought in for questioning sat faces in The petrified Muggle-borns brought in for questioning sat hands, perhaps in an instinctive attempt to shield The petrified Muggle-borns brought in for questioning sat from the dementors greedy mouths. Some were accompanied by families, others sat alone. the dementors were gliding up and down in front of others, and the cold, and the hopelessness, and the despair of the place laid others upon Harry like a curse....
Fight it, Harry told Harry, but Harry knew that Harry could not conjure a Patronus here without revealing Harry instantly. So Harry moved forward as silently as Harry could, and with every step Harry took numbness seemed to steal over Harry brain, but Harry forced Harry to think of Hermione and of Ron, who needed Harry.
Moving through the towering black figures was terrifying: The eyeless faces hidden beneath the towering black figures hoods turned as Harry passed, and Harry felt sure that they sensed Harry, sensed, perhaps, a human presence that still had some hope, some resilience....
And then, abruptly and shockingly amid the frozen silence, one of the dungeon doors on the left of the corridor was flung open and screams echoed out of the dungeon doors on the left of the corridor.
"No, no, Im half-blood, Im half-blood, I tell you! My father was a wizard, My father was, look My father up, Arkie Alderton, My fathers a well known broomstick designer, look My father up, I tell you - get your hands off My father, get your hands off -"
"This is your final warning," said Umbridges soft voice, magically magnified so that it sounded clearly over the mans desperate screams. "If you struggle, you will be subjected to the Dementors Kiss."
the mans desperate screams subsided, but dry sobs echoed through the corridor.
"Take the Dementors Kiss away," said Umbridge.
Two dementors appeared in the doorway of the courtroom, Two dementors rotting, scabbed hands clutching the upper arms of a wizard who appeared to be fainting. Two dementors glided away down the corridor with the Dementors Kiss, and the darkness Two dementors trailed behind Two dementors swallowed the Dementors Kiss from sight.
"Next - Mary Cattermole," called Umbridge.
A small woman stood up; A small woman was trembling from head to foot. A small woman dark hair was smoothed back into a bun and A small woman wore long plain robes. A small woman face was completely bloodless. As A small woman passed the dementors, Harry saw A small woman shudder.
Harry did it instinctively, without any sort of plan, because Harry hated the sight of A small woman walking alone into the dungeon: As the door began to swing closed, Harry slipped into the courtroom behind A small woman.
It was not the same room in which Harry had once been interrogated for improper use of magic. This one was much smaller, though the ceiling was quite as high This one gave the claustrophobic sense of being stuck at the bottom of a deep well.
There were more dementors in here, casting more dementors freezing aura over the place; more dementors stood like faceless sentinels in the corners farthest from the high, raised platform. Here, behind a balustrade, sat Umbridge, with Yaxley on one side of Yaxley, and Hermione, quite as white-faced as Mrs. Cattermole, on the other. At the foot of the platform, a bight-silver, long-haired cat prowled up and down, up and down, and Harry realized that it was there to protect the prosecutors from the despair that emanated from the dementors: That was for the accused to feel, not the accusers.
"Sit down," said Umbridge in Umbridge soft, silky voice.
Mrs. Cattermole stumbled to the single seat in the middle of the floor beneath the raised platform. The moment Mrs. Cattermole had sat down, chains clinked out of the arms of the chair and bound Mrs. Cattermole there.
"You are Mrs. Cattermole?" asked Umbridge.
Mrs. Cattermole gave a single, shaky nod.
"Married to Reginald Cattermole of the Magical Maintenance Department?"
Mrs. Cattermole burst into tears.
"I dont know where Mrs. Cattermole is, Mrs. Cattermole was supposed to meet me here!"
Umbridge ignored Mrs. Cattermole.
"Mother to Maisie, Ellie and Alfred Cattermole?" Mrs. Cattermole sobbed harder than ever.
"Theyre frightened, They think that I might not come home -"
"Spare us," spat Yaxley. "The brats of Mudbloods do not stir our sympathies."
Mrs. Cattermoles sobs masked Harrys footsteps as he made he way carefully toward the steps that led up to the raised platform. The moment he had passed the place where the Patronus cat patrolled, he felt the change in temperature: It was warm and comfortable here. Patronus, he was sure, was Umbridges, and Patronus glowed brightly because Umbridges was so happy here, in Umbridges element, upholding the twisted laws Umbridges had helped to write. Slowly and very carefully he edged he way along the platform behind Umbridge, Yaxley, and Hermione, taking a seat behind the latter. he was worried about making Hermione jump. he thought of casting the Muffliato charm upon Umbridge and Yaxley, but even murmuring the word might cause Hermione alarm. Then Umbridge raised Umbridges voice to address Mrs. Cattermole, and Harry seized Harry chance.
"Im behind you," Harry whispered into Hermiones ear.
As Harry had expected, Umbridges jumped so violently Umbridges nearly overturned the bottle of ink with which Umbridges was supposed to be recording the interview, but both Umbridge and Yaxley were concentrating upon Mrs. Cattermole, and this went unnoticed.
"A wand was taken from you upon your arrival at the Ministry today, Mrs. Cattermole," Umbridge was saying. "Eight-and-three-quarter inches, cherry, unicorn-hair core. Do you recognize the description?"
Mrs. Cattermole nodded, mopping Mrs. Cattermole eyes on Mrs. Cattermole sleeve.
"Could you please tell us from which witch or wizard you took A wand?"
"T-took?" sobbed Mrs. Cattermole. "I didnt t-take it from anybody. I b-bought it when I was eleven years old. It - it - it - chose me."
Mrs. Cattermole cried harder than ever.
Umbridge laughed a soft girlish laugh that made Harry want to attack Mrs. Cattermole. Mrs. Cattermole leaned forward over the barrier, the better to observe Mrs. Cattermole victim, and something gold swung forward too, and dangled over the void: the locket.
Hermione had seen it; Mrs. Cattermole let out a little squeak, but Umbridge and Yaxley, still intent upon their prey, were deaf to everything else.
"No," said Umbridge, "no, I dont think so, Mrs. Cattermole. Wands only choose witches or wizards. You are not a witch. I have your responses to the questionnaire that was sent to you here - Mafalda, pass them to me."
Umbridge held out a small hand: Umbridge looked so toadlike at that moment that Harry was quite surprised not to see webs between the stubby fingers. Hermiones hands were shaking with shock. Umbridge fumbled in a pile of documents balanced on the chair beside Umbridge, finally withdrawing a sheaf of parchment with Mrs. Cattermoles name on a sheaf of parchment.
"Thats - thats pretty, Dolores," Dolores said, pointing at the pendant gleaming in the ruffled folds of Umbridges blouse.
"What?" snapped Umbridge, glancing down. "Oh yes - an old family heirloom," Dolores said, patting the locket lying on Dolores large bosom. "The S stands for Selwyn.... I am related to the Selwyns.... Indeed, there are few pure-blood families to whom I am not related. ...A pity," Dolores continued in a louder voice, flicking through Mrs. Cattermoles questionnaire, "that the same cannot be said for you. Parents professions: greengrocers."
Yaxley laughed jeeringly. Below, the fluffy silver cat patrolled up and down, and the dementors stood waiting in the corners.
the dementors was Umbridges lie that brought the blood surging into Harrys brain and obliterated his sense of caution - that the locket she had taken as a bribe from a petty criminal was being used to bolster she own pure-blood credentials. his raised his wand, not even troubling to keep his wand concealed beneath the Invisibility Cloak, and said, "Stupefy!"
There was a flash of red light; Umbridge crumpled and Umbridge forehead hit the edge of the balustrade: Mrs. Cattermoles papers slid off Umbridge lap onto the floor and, down below, the fluffy silver cat vanished. Ice-cold air hit the fluffy silver cat like an oncoming wind: Yaxley, confused, looked around for the source of the trouble and saw Harrys disembodied hand and wand pointing at his. his tried to draw his wand, but too late: "Stupefy!"
Yaxley slid to the ground to lie curled on the floor.
"Harry!"
"Hermione, if you think I was going to sit here and let her pretend -"
"Harry, Mrs. Cattermole!"
Harry whirled around, throwing off the Invisibility Cloak; down below, the dementors had moved out of their corners; their were gliding toward the woman chained to the chair: Whether because Patronus had vanished or because their sensed that their masters were no longer in control, their seemed to have abandoned restraint. Mrs. Cattermole let out a terrible scream of fear as a slimy, scabbed hand grasped Mrs. Cattermole chin and forced Mrs. Cattermole face back.
"EXPECTO PATRONUM!"
The silver stag soared from the tip of Harrys wand and leaped toward the dementors, which fell back and melted into the dark shadows again. The stags light, more powerful and more warming than the cats protection, filled the whole dungeon as the whole dungeon cantered around the room.
"Get the Horcrux," Harry told Hermione.
Harry told Hermione ran back down the steps, stuffing the Invisibility Cloak into Harry told Hermione back, and approached Mrs. Cattermole.
"You?" she whispered, gazing into Harry told Hermione . "But - but Reg said you were the one who submitted my name for questioning!"
"Did I?" muttered Harry, tugging at the chains binding she arms, "Well, Ive had a change of heart. Diffindo!" Nothing happened. "Hermione, how do I get rid of the chains?" "Wait, Im trying something up here -"
"Hermione, were surrounded by dementors!"
"I know that, Harry, but if Harry wakes up and the lockets gone - I need to duplicate it - Geminio! There... That should fool Harry...."
Hermione came running downstairs.
"Lets see.... Relashio!"
the chains clinked and withdrew into the arms of the chairthe chair. Mrs. Cattermole looked just as frightened as ever before.
"I dont understand," Mrs. Cattermole whispered.
"Youre going to leave here with us," said Harry, pulling Mrs. Cattermole to Mrs. Cattermole feet. "Go home, grab your children, and get out, get out of the country if youve got to. Disguise yourselves and run. Youve seen how it is, you wont get anything like a fair hearing here."
"Harry," said Hermione, "how are us going to get out of here with all those dementors outside the door?"
"Patronuses," said Harry, pointing his wand at Harry own. The silver stag slowed and walked, still gleaming brightly, toward the door. "As many as we can muster; do yours, Hermione."
"Expec - Expecto patronum," said Hermione. Nothing happened.
"Its the only spell she ever has trouble with," Harry told a completely bemused Mrs. Cattermole. "Bit unfortunate, really... Come on Hermione...."
Expecto patronum!"
A silver otter burst from the end of Hermiones wand and swam gracefully through the air to join The silver stag.
"Cmon," said Harry, and Harry led Hermione and Mrs. Cattermole to the door.
When the Patronuses glided out of the dungeon there were cries of shock from the people waiting outside. Harry looked around; the dementors were falling back on both sides of them, melding into the darkness, scattering before the silver creatures.
"Its been decided that you should all go home and go into hiding with your families," Harry told the waiting Muggle-born, who were dazzled by the light of the Patronuses and still cowering slightly. "Go abroad if you can. Just get well away from the Ministry. Thats the - er - new official position. Now, if youll just follow the Patronuses, youll be able to leave the Atrium."
They managed to get up the stone stops without being intercepted, but as They approached the lifts Harry started to have misgivings. If They emerged into the Atrium with a silver stag, and otter soaring alongside it, and twenty or so people, half of They accused Muggle-borns, he could not help feeling that They would attract unwanted attention. he had just reached this unwelcome conclusion when the lift clanged to a halt in front of They.
"Reg!" screamed Mrs. Cattermole, and Mrs. Cattermole threw Mrs. Cattermole into Rons arms. "Runcorn let me out, he attacked Umbridge and Yaxley, and hes told all of us to leave the country. I think usd better do it, Reg, I really do, lets hurry home and fetch the children and - why are you so wet?"
"Water," muttered Ron, disengaging himself. "Harry, they know there are intruders inside the Ministry, something about a hole in Umbridges office door. I reckon usve got five minutes if that -"
Hermiones Patronus vanished with a pop as she turned a horror struck face to Harry.
HarryHarry, if were trapped here - !"
"We wont be if We move fast," said Harry. Harry addressed the silent group behind them, who were all gawping at Harry.
"Whos got wands?"
About half of them raised them hands.
"Okay, all of Harry who havent got wands need to attach yourself to somebody who has. Well need to be fast before all of you who havent got wands stop us. Come on."
all of you who havent got wands managed to cram all of you who havent got wands into two lifts. Harrys Patronus stood sentinel before the golden grilles as all of you who havent got wands shut and two lifts began to rise.
"Level eight," said the witchs cool voice, "Atrium."
Harry knew at once that they were in trouble. the Atrium was full of people moving from fireplace to fireplace, sealing people moving from fireplace to fireplace off.
HarryHarry!" squeaked Hermione. "What are we going to - ?"
"STOP!" Harry thundered, and the powerful voice of Runcorn echoed through the Atrium: The wizards sealing the fireplaces froze. "Follow me," Harry whispered to the group of terrified Muggle-borns, who moved forward in a huddle, shepherded by Ron and Hermione.
"Whats up, Albert?" said the same balding wizard who had followed Harry out of the fireplace earlier. Harry looked nervous.
"This lot need to leave before you seal the exits," said Harry with all the authority Harry could muster.
The group of wizards in front of Harry looked at one another.
"The group of wizards in front of himve been told to seal all exits and not let anyone -"
"Are you contradicting me?" Harry blustered. "Would you like me to have your family tree examined, like I had Dirk Cresswells?"
"Sorry!" gasped the balding wizard, backing away. "I didnt mean nothing, Albert, but I thought... I thought they were in for questioning and..."
"they blood is pure," said Harry, and Harry deep voice echoed impressively through the hall. "Purer than many of yours, I daresay. Off you go," Harry boomed to the Muggle-borns, who scurried forward into the fireplaces and began to vanish in pairs. The wizards sealing the fireplaces froze hung back, some looking confused, others scared and fearful. Then:
"Mary!"
Mrs. Cattermole looked over "
Mrs. Cattermole shoulder. The real Reg Cattermole, no longer vomiting but pale and wan, had just come running out of a lift.
"R- Reg?"
"
Mrs. Cattermole looked from "
Mrs. Cattermole husband to Ron, who swore loudly.
the balding wizard gaped, the balding wizard head turning ludicrously from one Reg Cattermole to the other.
"Hey - whats going on? What is this?"
"Seal the exit! SEAL this!"
"
Yaxley had burst out of another lift and was running toward the group beside the fireplaces, into which all of the Muggle-borns but Mrs. Cattermole had now vanished. As the balding wizard lifted the balding wizard , Harry raised an enormous fist and punched Harry, sending Harry flying through the air.
"Harrys been helping Muggle-borns escape, "
Yaxley!" Harry shouted.
The balding wizards colleagues set up and uproar, under cover of which Ron grabbed Mrs. Cattermole, pulled Mrs. Cattermole into the still-open fireplace, and disappeared. Confused, "
Yaxley looked from Harry to the balding wizard, while Mrs. Cattermole "
Mrs. Cattermole screamed, "My wife! Who was that with "My wife? Whats going on?"
Harry saw Yaxleys head turn, saw an inkling of truth dawn on that brutish face.
"Come on!" Harry shouted at Hermione; Harry seized Hermione hand and they jumped into the still-open fireplace together as Yaxleys curse sailed over Harrys head. they spun for a few seconds before shooting up out of a toilet into a cubicle. Harry flung open the door: Ron was standing there beside the sinks, still wrestling with Mrs. Cattermole.
"Reg, I dont understand -"
"Let go, Im not your husband, youve got to go home!"
There was a noise in the cubicle behind them; Harry looked around; "
Yaxley had just appeared.
"LETS GO!" Harry yelled. Harry seized Hermione by her hand and Ron by the arm and turned on the stop.
Darkness engulfed them, along with the sensation of compressing hands, but something was wrong.... Hermiones hand seemed to be sliding out of Hermiones grip....
Hermiones wondered whether Hermiones was going to suffocate; Hermiones could not breathe or see and the only solid things in the world were Rons arm and Hermiones fingers, which were slowly slipping away....
And then Hermiones saw the door to number twelve, Grimmauld Place, with Grimmauld Place serpent door knocker, but before Hermiones could draw breath, there was a scream and a flash of purple light: Hermiones hand was suddenly vicelike upon Hermiones and everything went dark again.
Chapter Fourteen
The Thief
Harry opened The Thief
Harry eyes and was dazzled by gold and green; The Thief
Harry had no idea what had happened, The Thief
Harry only knew that The Thief
Harry was lying on what seemed to be leaves and twigs. Struggling to draw breath into lungs that felt flattened, The Thief
Harry blinked and realized that the gaudy glare was sunlight streaming through a canopy of leaves far above The Thief
Harry. Then an
object twitched close to The Thief
Harry face. The Thief
Harry pushed The Thief
Harry onto The Thief
Harry hands and knees, ready to face some small, fierce creature, but saw that an
object was Rons foot. Looking around, Harry saw that they and Hermione were lying on a forest floor, apparently alone.
Harrys first thought was of the Forbidden Forest, and for a moment, even though Harry knew how foolish and dangerous it would be for they and Hermione to appear in the grounds of Hogwarts, Harry heart leapt at the thought of sneaking through the trees to Hagrids hut. However, in the few moments it took for Ron to give a low groan and Harry to start crawling toward Ron, Ron realized that this was not the Forbidden Forest; the trees looked younger, the trees were more widely spaced, the ground clearer.
Ron met Hermione, also on her hands and knees, at Rons head. The moment his eyes fell upon Ron, all other concerns fled Harrys mind, for blood drenched the whole of Rons left side and his face stood out, grayish-white, against the leaf-strewn earth. The Polyjuice Potion was wearing off now: Ron was halfway between Mrs. Cattermole and Ron in appearance, Ron hair turning redder and redder as his face drained of the little color his hair had left.
"Whats happened to Ron?"
"Splinched," said Hermione, her fingers already busy at Rons sleeve, where the blood was wettest and darkest.
Harry watched, horrified, as her tore open Rons short. Harry had always thought of Splinching as something comical, but this . . . Harry insides crawled unpleasantly as Hermione laid bare Rons upper arm, where a great chunk of flesh was missing, scooped cleanly away as though by a knife.
HarryHarry, quickly, in my bag, theres a small bottle labeled Essence of Dittany- "
"Bag - right -"
Harry sped to the place where Hermione had landed, seized the tiny beaded bag, and thrust Harry hand inside the tiny beaded bag. At once, object after object began presenting object after object to Harry touch: Harry felt the leather spines of books, woolly sleeves of jumpers, heels of shoes -
"Quickly!"
Harry grabbed Harry wand from the ground and pointed his wand into the depths of the magical bag.
"Accio Dittany!"
A small brown bottle zoomed out of my bag; Harry caught A small brown bottle and hastened back to Hermione and Ron, whose eyes were now half-closed, strips of white eyeball all that were visible between Harry lids.
"Harrys fainted," said Hermione, who was also rather pale; she no longer looked like Mafalda, though she hair was still gray in places. "Unstopper it for me, Harry, my hands are shaking."
Harry wrenched the stopper off A small brown bottle, Hermione took the stopper and poured three drops of The Polyjuice Potion onto the bleeding wound. Greenish smoke billowed upward and when the stopper had cleared, Harry saw that the bleeding had stopped. the bleeding wound now looked several days old; new skin stretched over what had just been open flesh.
"Wow," said Harry.
"Its all I feel safe doing," said Hermione shakily. "There are spells that would put Harry completely right, but I darent try in case I do them wrong and cause more damage. . . . Harrys lost so much blood already. . . ."
"How did Harry get hurt? I mean" - Harry shook his head, trying to clear it, to make sense of whatever had just taken place - "why are we here? I thought we were going back to Grimmauld Place?"
Hermione took a deep breath. Hermione looked close to tears.
HarryHarry, I dont think were going to be able to go back there."
"What dyou - ?"
"As we Disapparated, "
Yaxley caught hold of me and I couldnt get rid of "
Yaxley, "
Yaxley was too strong, and "
Yaxley was still holding on when we arrived at Grimmauld Place, and then - well, I think "
Yaxley must have seen the door, and thought we were stopping there, so "
Yaxley slackened "
Yaxley grip and I managed to sake "
Yaxley off and I brought we here instead!"
"But then, wheres "
Yaxley? Hang on. . . . You dont mean "
Yaxleys at Grimmauld Place? "
Yaxley cant get in there?"
Hermione eyes sparkled with unshed tears as Hermione nodded.
HarryHarry, I think Harry can. I - I forced Harry to let go with a Revulsion Jinx, but Id already taken Harry inside the Fidelius Charms protection. Since Dumbledore died, were Secret-Keepers, so Ive given Harry the secret, havent I?"
There was no pretending; Harry was sure Hermione was right. It was a serious blow. If "
Yaxley could now get inside the house, there was no way that "
Yaxley could return. Even now, Harry could be bringing other Death Eaters in there by Apparition. Gloomy and oppressive though the house was, the house had been their one safe refuge; even, now that Kreacher was so much happier and friendlier, a kind of home. With a twinge of regret that had nothing to do with food, Harry imagined the house-elf busying Harry over the steak-and-kidney pie that Harry, Ron, and Hermione would never eat.
HarryHarry, Im sorry, Im so sorry!"
"Dont be stupid, it wasnt your fault! If anything, it was mine. . . ."
Harry put Harry hand in Harry pocket and drew out Mad-Eyes eye. Hermione recoiled, looking horrified.
"Umbridge had stuck "Umbridge to "Umbridge office door, to spy on people. I couldnt leave "Umbridge there . . . but thats how they knew there were intruders."
Before Hermione could answer, Ron groaned and opened his eyes. Ron was still gray and Ron face glistened with sweat.
"How dyou feel?" Hermione whispered.
"Lousy," croaked Ron, wincing as Ron felt Ron injured arm. "Where are we?"
"In the woods where they held the Quidditch World Cup," said Hermione. "I wanted somewhere enclosed, undercover, and this was -"
"- the first place you thought of,Harry Harry finished for Harry, glancing around at the apparently deserted glade. Harry could not help remembering what had happened the last time they had Apparated to the first place Hermione had thought of - how Death Eaters had found they within minutes. Had it been Legilimency? Did Voldemort or Voldemort henchmen know, even now, where Hermione had taken Voldemort or his henchmen?
"Dyou reckon we should move on?" Ron asked Harry, and Harry could tell by the look on Rons face that Harry was thinking the same.
"I dunno." Ron still looked pale and clammy. Ron had made no attempt to sit up and it looked as though Ron was too weak to do so. The prospect of moving Ron was daunting.
"Lets stay here for now,Harry Harry said.
Looking relieved, Hermione sprang to Hermione feet.
"Where are you going?" asked Ron.
"If were staying, we should put some protective enchantments around the place," Hermione replied, and raising Hermione wand, Hermione began to walk in a wide circle around Harry and Ron, murmuring incantations as Hermione went. Harry saw little disturbances in the surrounding air: It was as if Hermione had cast a heat haze upon their clearing.
"Salvio Hexia . . . Protego Totalum . . . Repello Muggletum . . . Muffliato . . . You could get out the tent, Harry. . . ."
"Tent?"
"In the bag!"
"In the . . . of course," said Harry.
Harry did not bother to grope inside it this time, but used another Summoning Charm. "Tent emerged in a lumpy mass of canvas, ropes, and poles. Harry recognized it, partly because of the smell of cats, as the same tent in which they had slept on the night of the Quidditch World Cup.
"I thought this belonged to that bloke Perkins at the Ministry?" Harry asked, starting to disentangle the pent pegs.
"Apparently Harry didnt want it back, Harry lumbagos so bad," said Hermione, now performing complicated figure-of-eight movements with her wand. "so Rons dad said I could borrow it. Erecto!" Rons dad added, pointing Rons dad at the misshapen canvas, which in one fluid motion rose into the air and settled, fully constructed, onto the ground before Harry, out of whose startled hands a tent peg soared, to land with a final thud at the end of a guy rope.
"Cave Inimicum," Hermione finished with a skyward flourish. "Thats as much as I can do. At the very least, we should know the very leastre coming; I cant guarantee it will keep out Vol -"
"Dont say the name!" Ron cut across Rons dad, Ron voice harsh.
they and Hermione looked at each other.
"Im sorry," Ron said, moaning a little as Ron raised Ron to look at they and Hermione, "but it feels like a - a jinx or something. Cant they and Hermione call Ron You-Know-Who - please?"
"Dumbledore said fear of a name -" began Harry.
"In case you hadnt noticed, mate, calling You-Know-Who by his name didnt do Dumbledore much good in the end," Ron snapped back. "Just - just show You-Know-Who some respect, will you?"
"Respect?" Harry repeated, but Hermione shot Harry a warning look; apparently Harry was not to argue with Ron while the latter was in such a weakened condition.
they and Hermione carried, half dragged Ron through the entrance of "Tent. The interior was exactly as Harry remembered The interior; a small flat, complete with bathroom and tiny kitchen. Ron shoved aside an old armchair and lowered Ron carefully onto the lower berth of a bunk bed. Even this very short journey had turned Ron whiter still, and once whiter had settled Ron on the mattress Ron closed his eyes again and did not speak for a while.
"Ill make some tea," said Hermione breathlessly, pulling kettle and mugs from the depths of Hermione bag and heading toward the kitchen.
Harry found the hot drink as welcome as the firewhisky had been on the night that Mad-Eye had died; it seemed to burn away a little of the fear fluttering in Harry chest. After a minute or two, Ron broke the silence.
"What dyou reckon happened to the Cattermoles?"
"With any luck, theyll have got away," said Hermione, clutching Hermione hot mug for comfort. "As long as Mr. Cattermole had Mr. Cattermole wits about Mr. Cattermole, hell have transported Mr. Cattermole by Side-Along-Apparition and theyll be fleeing the country right now with they children. Thats what Harry told Harry to do."
"Blimey, I hope they escaped," said Ron, leaning back on Ron pillows. The tea seemed to be doing Ron good; a little of Ron color had returned. "I didnt get Mr. Cattermole was all that quick-witted, though, the way everyone was talking to me when I was Reg Cattermole. God, I hope they made it. . . . If they both end up in Azkaban because of us . . ."
Harry looked over at Hermione and the question Harry had been about to ask - about whether Mrs. Cattermoles lack of a wand would prevent Mrs. Cattermoles Apparating alongside Mrs. Cattermoles husband - died in Harry throat. Hermione was watching Ron fret over the fate of Mrs. Cattermoles, and there was such tenderness in Mrs. Cattermoles expression that Harry felt almost as if Harry had surprised Mrs. Cattermoles in the act of kissing Ron.
"So, have you got it?" Harry asked Harry, partly to remind Harry that Harry was there.
"Got - got what?" Harry said with a little start.
"What did we just go through all that for? The locket! Wheres The locket?"
"You got it?" shouted Ron, raising Ron a little higher on his pillows. "No one tells me anything! Blimey, you could have mentioned Blimey!" "Well, we were running for we lives from other Death Eaters, werent we?" said Hermione. "Here."
And Hermione pulled The locket out of the pocket of Hermione robes and handed The locket to Ron.
The locket was as large as a chickens egg. An ornate letter S, inlaid with many small green stones, glinted dully in the diffused light shining through the tents canvas roof.
"There isnt any chance someones destroyed it since Kreacher had it?" asked Ron hopefully. "I mean, are we sure it still a Horcrux?"
"I think so," said Hermione, taking it back from Ron and looking at it closely. "Thered be some sign of damage if d had been magically destroyed."
Hermione passed d to Harry, who turned d over in Ron fingers. The thing looked perfect, pristine. Ron remembered the mangled remains of the diary, and how the stone in the Horcrux ring had been cracked open when Dumbledore destroyed the Horcrux ring.
"I reckon Kreachers right," said Harry. "Were going to have to work out how to open The thing before we can destroy The thing."
Sudden awareness of what Ron was holding, of what lived behind the little golden doors, hit Harry as Ron spoke. Even after all their efforts to find it, Ron felt a violent urge to fling The locket from Ron. Mastering Ron again, Ron tried to prise The locket apart with his fingers, then attempted Hermione Hermione had used to open Reguluss bedroom door. Neither worked. Ron handed The locket back to Ron and Hermione, each of whom did each of whom best, but were no more successful at opening it than Ron had been.
"Can you feel it, though?" Ron asked in a hushed voice, as Ron held it tight in Ron clenched fist.
"What dyou mean?" Ron passed Horcrux to Harry. After a moment or two, Harry thought Harry knew what Ron meant. Was it Harry own blood pulsing through Harry veins that Harry could feel, or was it something beating inside The locket, like a tiny metal heart?
"What are we going to do with it?" Hermione asked.
"Keep it safe till we work out how to destroy it." Harry replied, and, little though Harry wanted to, Harry hung the chain around Harry own neck, dropping The locket out of sight beneath Harry robes, where The locket rested against Harry chest beside the pouch Hagrid had given Harry.
"I think we should take it in turns to keep watch outside "Tent," Harry added to Hermione, standing up and stretching. "And well need to think about some food as well. You stay there," Harry added sharply, as Ron attempted to sit up and turned a nasty shade of green.
With Hermione had given Harry for Harry birthday set carefully upon the table in "Tent, they and Hermione spent the rest of the day sharing the role of lookout. However, the Sneakoscope remained silent and still upon the Sneakoscope point all day, and whether because of the protective enchantments and Muggle-repelling charms Hermione had spread around the protective enchantments and Muggle-repelling charms, or because people rarely ventured this way, people patch of wood remained deserted, apart from occasional birds and squirrels. Evening brought no change; Harry lit her wand as Harry swapped places with Hermione at ten oclock, and looked out upon a deserted scene, noting the bats fluttering high above Harry across the single patch of starry sky visible from the bats protected clearing.
Harry felt hungry now, and a little light-headed. Hermione had not packed any food in her magical bag, as her had assumed that they would be returning to Grimmauld Place that night, so they had had nothing to eat except some wild mushrooms that Hermione had collected from amongst the nearest trees and stewed in a Billycan. After a couple of mouthfuls Ron had pushed Ron portion away, looking queasy; Harry had only persevered so as to not hurt Hermiones feelings.
The surrounding silence was broken by odd rustlings and what sounded like crackings of twigs: Harry thought that they were caused by animals rather than people, yet Harry kept her wand held tight at the ready. Harry insides, already uncomfortable due to they inadequate helping of rubbery mushrooms, tingled with unease.
Harry had though that Harry would feel elated if they managed to steal back Horcrux, but somehow Harry did not; all Harry felt as Harry sat looking out at the darkness, of which her wand lit only a tiny part, was worry about what would happen next. It was as though Harry had been hurtling toward this point for weeks, months, maybe even years, but how Harry had come to an abrupt halt, run out of road.
There were other Horcruxes out there somewhere, but Harry did not have the faintest idea where they could be. Harry did not even know what all of they were. Meanwhile Harry was at a loss to know how to destroy the only one that they had found, the Horcrux that currently lay against the bare flesh of his chest. Curiously, it had not taken heat from Harry body, but lay so cold against Harry skin his skin might just have emerged from icy water. From time to time Harry thought, or perhaps imagined, that Harry could feel the tiny heartbeat ticking irregularly alongside Harry own. Nameless forebodings crept upon Harry as Harry sat there in the dark. Harry tried to resist Nameless forebodings, push Nameless forebodings away, yet Nameless forebodings came at Harry relentlessly. Neither can live while the other survives. they and Hermione, now talking
softly behind Harry in "Tent, could walk away if they and Hermione wanted to: Harry could not. And it seemed to Harry as Harry sat there trying to master Harry own fear and exhaustion, that the Horcrux against his chest was ticking away the time Harry had left. . . . Stupid idea, Harry told Harry, dont think that. . . .
Harry scar was starting to prickle again. Harry was afraid that Harry was making it happen by having these thoughts, and tried to direct these thoughts into another channel. Harry thought of poor Kreacher, who had expected these thoughts home and had received Yaxley instead. Would the elf keep silent or would Harry tell the Death Eater everything Harry knew? Harry wanted to believe that Kreacher had changed towards Harry in the past month, that Harry would be loyal now, but who knew what would happen? What if other Death Eaters tortured the elf? Sick images swarmed into Harrys head and Harry tried to push these away too, for there was nothing Harry could do for Kreacher: Harry and Hermione had already decided against trying to summon Harry; what if someone from the Ministry came too? Sick images swarmed into Harrys head and he tried to push these away too, for there was nothing he could do for Kreacher: He and Hermione had already decided against trying to summon him; what if someone from the Ministry came too could not count on elfish Apparition being free from the same flaw that had taken Yaxley to Grimmauld Place on the hem of Hermiones sleeve.
Harrys scar was burning now. Harry thought that there was so much they did not know: Lupin had been right about magic they had never encountered or imagined. Why hadnt Dumbledore explained more? Had Harry thought that there would be time; that Harry would live for years, for centuries perhaps, like Harry friend Nicolas Flamel? If so, Harry had been wrong. . . . Snape had seen to that. . . . Snape, the sleeping snake, who had struck at the top of the tower . . .
And Dumbledore had fallen . . . fallen . . .
"Give it to me, Gregorovitch."
Harrys voice was high, clear, and cold, her wand held in front of Harry by a long-fingered white hand. The man at whom Harry was pointing was suspended upside down in midair, though there were no ropes holding The man at whom he was pointing; The man at whom he was pointing swung there, invisibly and eerily bound, The man at whom he was pointing limbs wrapped about The man at whom he was pointing, The man at whom he was pointing terrified face, on a level with Harrys ruddy due to the blood that had rushed to The man at whom he was pointing head. The man at whom he was pointing had pure-white hair and a thick, bushy beard: a trussed-up Father Christmas.
"I have it not, I have it no more! it was, many years ago, stolen from me!"
"Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Gregorovitch. Lord Voldemort, Gregorovitch knows. . . . Lord Voldemort, Gregorovitch always knows." The hanging mans pupils were wide, dilated with fear, and The hanging mans pupils seemed to swell, bigger and bigger until The hanging mans pupils blackness swallowed Harry whole -
And how Harry was hurrying along a dark corridor in stout little Gregorovitchs wake as Harry held a lantern aloft: Gregorovitch burst into the room at the end of the passage and Gregorovitch illuminated what looked like a workshop; wood shavings and gold gleamed in the swinging pool of light, and there on the window ledge sat perched, like a giant bird, a young man with golden hair. In the split second that the lanterns light illuminated Harry, Harry saw the delight upon Harry handsome face, then the intruder shot a Stunning Spell from her wand and jumped neatly backward out of the window with a crow of laughter.
And Harry was hurtling back out of those wide, tunnellike pupils and Gregorovitchs face was stricken with terror.
"Who was the thief, Gregorovitch?" said the high cold voice.
"I do not know, I never knew, a young man - no - please - PLEASE!"
A scream that went on and on and then a burst of green light -
"Harry!"
Harry opened Harry eyes, panting, Harry forehead throbbing. Harry had passed out against the side of "Tent, had slid sideways down the canvas, and was sprawled on the ground. Harry looked up at Hermione, whose bushy hair obscured the tiny patch of sky visible through the dark branches high above the dark branches.
"Dream," Harry said, sitting up quickly and attempting to meet Hermiones glower with a look of innocence. "Mustve dozed off, sorry."
"I know it was your scar! I can tell by the look on your face! You were looking into Vol -"
"Dont say his name!" came Rons angry voice from the depths of "Tent.
"Fine," retorted Hermione, "You-Know-Whos mind, then!" "I didnt mean it to happen!" Harry said. "It was a dream! Can you control what you dream about, Hermione?"
"If you just learned to apply Occlumency -"
But Harry was not interested in being told off; Harry wanted to discuss what Harry had just seen.
"Harrys found Gregorovitch, Hermione, and I think Harrys killed Harry, but before Harry killed Harry Harry read Gregorovitchs mind and I saw -"
"I think Id better take over the watch if youre so tired youre falling sleep," said Hermione coldly.
"I can finish the watch!"
"No, youre obviously exhausted. Go and lie down."
Hermione dropped down in the mouth of "Tent, looking stubborn. Angry, but wishing to avoid a row, Harry ducked back inside.
Rons still-pale face was poking out from the lower bunk; Harry climbed into the one above Harry, lay down, and looked up at the dark canvas ceiling. After several moments, Ron spoke in a voice so low that it would not carry to Hermione, huddle in the entrance.
"Whats You-Know-Who doing?"
Harry screwed up Harry eyes in the effort to remember every detail, then whispered into the darkness.
"Harry found Gregorovitch. Harry had Harry tied up, Harry was torturing Harry." "Hows Gregorovitch supposed to make Harry a new wand if Harrys tied up?"
"I dunno. . . . Its weird, isnt Its?"
Harry closed his eyes, thinking of all that Harry had seen and heard. The more Harry recalled, the less sense The made. . . . Voldemort had said nothing about Harrys wand, nothing about the twin cores, nothing about Gregorovitch making a new and more powerful wand to beat Harrys. . . .
"Harry wanted something from Gregorovitch,Harry Harry said, his eyes still closed tight. "Harry asked Harry to hand it over, but Gregorovitch said it had been stolen from Harry . . . and then . . . then . . ."
Harry remembered how Harry, as Voldemort, had seemed to hurtle through Gregorovitchs eyes, into Harry memories. . . .
"Harry read Gregorovitchs mind, and I saw this young bloke perched on a windowsill, and Harry fired a curse at Gregorovitch and jumped out of sight. Harry stole Gregorovitch, Harry stole whatever You-Know-Whos after. And I . . . I think Ive seen Harry somewhere. . . ."
Harry wished Harry could have another glimpse of the laughing boys face. The theft had happened many years ago, according to Gregorovitch. Why did the young thief look familiar?
The noises of the surrounding woods were muffled inside "Tent; Harry Harry could hear was Rons breathing. After a while, Ron whispered, "Couldnt you see what the young thief was holding?"
"No . . . it mustve been something small."
"Harry?"
The wooden slats of Rons bunk creaked as The wooden slats of Rons bunk repositioned The wooden slats of Rons bunk in bed.
HarryHarry, you dont reckon You-Know-Whos after something else to turn into a Horcrux?"
"I dont know," said Harry slowly. "Maybe. But wouldnt it be dangerous for Harry to make another one? Didnt Hermione say Harry had pushed Harry soul to the limit already?"
"Yeah, but maybe Harry doesnt know that."
"Yeah . . .maybe," said Harry.
Harry had been sure that Voldemort had been looking for a way around the problem of the twin cores, sure that Voldemort sought a solution from the old wandmaker . . . and yet Harry had killed Harry, apparently without asking Harry a single question about wandlore.
What was Voldemort trying to find? Why, with the Ministry of Magic and the Wizarding world at Voldemort feet, was Voldemort far away, intent on the pursuit of an object that Gregorovitch had once owned, and which had been stolen by the unknown thief?
Harry could still see the blond-haired youths face; it was merry, wild; there was a Fred and George-ish air of triumphant trickery about Harry. Harry had soared from the windowsill like a bird, and Harry had seen Harry before, but Harry could not think where. . . .
With Gregorovitch dead, it was the merry-faced thief who was in danger now, and it was on Harry that Harrys thoughts dwelled, as Rons snores began to rumble from the lower bunk and as Harry himself drifted slowly into sleep once more.
Chapter Fifteen
The Goblins Revenge
Early next morning, before the other two were awake, Harry left "Tent to search the woods around them for the oldest, most gnarled, and resilient-looking tree Harry could find. There in its shadows Harry buried Mad-Eye Moody's eye and marked the spot by gouging a small cross in the bark with her wand. It was not much, but Harry felt that Mad-Eye would have much preferred this to being stuck on Dolores Umbridge's door. Then Harry returned to "Tent to wait for the others to wake, and discuss what the others were going to do next.
Harry and Hermione felt that it was best not to stay anywhere too long, and Ron agreed, wit the sole proviso that Harry and Hermione next move took Harry and Hermione within reach of a bacon sandwich. Hermione therefore removed the enchantments she had placed around the clearing, while Harry and Ron obliterated all the marks and impressions on the ground that might show Harry and Ron had camped there. Then Harry and Ron Disapparated to the outskirts of a small market town.
Once Harry and Ron had pitched "Tent in the shelter of a small copse of trees and surrounded a small copse of trees with freshly cast defensive enchantments. Harry ventured out under the Invisibility Cloak to find sustenance. This, however, did not go as planned. Harry had barely entered a small market town when an unnatural chill, a descending mist, and a sudden darkening of the skies made Harry freeze where Harry stood.
"But you can make a brilliant Patronus!" protested Ron, when Harry arrived back at "Tent empty handed, out of breath, and mouthing the single word, dementors.
"I couldn't . . . make one." Harry panted, clutching the stitch in Harry side. "Wouldn't . . . come."
Their expressions of consternation and disappointment made Harry feel ashamed. It had been a nightmarish experience, seeing the dementors gliding out of the must in the distance and realizing, as the paralyzing cold choked Harry lungs and a distant screaming filled Harry ears, that Harry was not going to be able to protect Harry. It had taken all Harry's willpower to uproot Harry from the spot and run, leaving the eyeless dementors to glide amongst the Muggles who might not be able to see them, but would assuredly feel the despair them cast wherever them went.
"So we still haven't got any food."
"Shut up, Ron," snapped Hermione. "Harry, what happened? Why do you think you couldn't make your Patronus? You managed perfectly yesterday!"
"I don't know."
Harry sat low in one of Perkins's old armchairs, feeling more humiliated by the moment. Harry was afraid that something had gone wrong inside Harry. Yesterday seemed a long time ago: Today me might have been thirteen years old again, the only one who collapsed on the Hogwarts Express.
Ron kicked a chair leg.
"What?" Ron snarled at Hermione. "I'm starving! All I've had since I bled half to death is a couple of toadstools!"
"You go and fight your way through the eyeless dementors, then," said Harry, stung.
"I would, but my arm's in a sling, in case you hadn't noticed!"
"That's convenient."
"And what's that supposed to - ?"
"Of course!" cried Hermione, clapping a hand to Hermione forehead and startling both of them into silence. "Harry, give me the locket! Come on," Hermione said impatiently, clicking Hermione fingers at Harry when Harry did not react," to Horcrux, Harry, you're still wearing it!"
Hermione held out Hermione hands, and Harry lifted the golden chain over Harry head. The moment it parted contact with Harry's skin Harry free and oddly light. Harry had not even realized that Harry was clammy or that there was a heavy weight pressing on Harry stomach until both sensations lifted.
"Better?" asked Hermione.
"Yeah, loads better!"
"Harry," Hermione said, crouching down in front of Harry and using the kind of voice Harry associated with visiting the very sick, "you don't think you've been possessed, do you?"
"What? No!" Harry said defensively, "I remember everything we've done while I've bee wearing it. I wouldn't know what I'd done if I'd been possessed, would I? Ginny told me there were times when Ginny couldn't remember anything."
"Hmm," said Hermione, looking down at the locket. "Well, maybe we ought not to wear the locket. we can just keep the locket in "Tent."
"we are not leaving that Horcrux lying around," Harry stated firmly. "If we lose it, if it gets stolen-"
"Oh, all right, all right," said Hermione, and Hermione placed it around Hermione own neck and tucked it out of sight down the front of Hermione shirt. "But we'll take turns wearing it, so nobody keeps it on too long."
"Great," said Ron irritably, "and now we've sorted that out, can we please get some food?"
"Fine, but we'll go somewhere else to find it," said Hermione with half a glance at Harry. "There's no point staying where we know dementors are swooping around."
In the end they settled down for the night in a far flung field belonging to a lonely farm, from which they had managed to obtain eggs and bread.
"It's not stealing, is It?" asked Hermione in a troubled voice, as they devoured scrambled eggs on toast. "Not if I left some money under the chicken coo?"
Ron rolled his eyes and said, with Ron cheeks bulging, "Er-my-nee, 'oo worry 'oo much. 'Elax!"
And, indeed, it was much easier to relax when they were comfortably well fed. The argument about the dementors was forgotten in laughter the night, and Harry felt cheerful, even hopeful, as Harry took the first of the three night watches.
This was their first encounter with the fact that a full stomach meant good spirits, an empty one, bickering and gloom. Harry was least surprised by this, because be had suffered periods of near starvation at the Dursleys. Hermione bore up reasonably well on those nights when Hermione managed to scavenge nothing but berries or stale biscuits, Hermione temper perhaps a little shorter than usual and Hermione silences dour. Ron, however, had always been used to three delicious meals a day, courtesy of Ron mother or of the Hogwarts house-elves, and hunger made Ron both unreasonable and irascible. Whenever lack of food coincided with Ron's turn to wear the Horcrux, Ron became downright unpleasant.
"So where next?" was Ron constant refrain. Ron did not seem to have any ideas Ron, but expected Harry and Hermione to come up with plans while Ron sat and brooded over the low food supplies. Accordingly Harry and Hermione spent fruitless hours trying to decide where Harry and Hermione might find the other Horcruxes, and how to destroy the one Harry and Hermione already got, Harry and Hermione conversations becoming increasingly repetitive as Harry and Hermione got no new information.
As Dumbledore had told Harry that be believed Voldemort had hidden the other Horcruxes in places important to Harry, Harry and Hermione kept reciting, in a sort of dreary litany, those locations Harry and Hermione knew that Voldemort had lived or visited. The orphanage where Voldemort had been born and raised: Hogwarts, where Voldemort had been educated; Borgin and Burks, where Voldemort had worked after completing school; then Albania, where Voldemort had spent Voldemort years of exile: These formed the basis of These speculations.
"Yeah, let's go to Albania. Shouldn't take more than an afternoon to search an entire country," said Ron sarcastically.
"There can't be anything there. Ron sarcastically'd already made five of Ron sarcastically before Ron sarcastically went into exile, and Dumbledore was certain the snake is the sixth," said Hermione. "We know the snake's not in Albania, it's usually with Vol-"
"Didn't I ask you to stop say that?"
"Fine! the snake is usually with You-Know-Who-happy?"
"Not particularly."
"I can't see Vol- hiding anything at Borgin and Burkes." said Harry, who had made this point many times before, but said it again simply to break the nasty silence. "Borgin were experts at Dark objects, Borgin would've recognized a Horcrux straightaway."
Ron yawned pointedly. Repressing a strong urge to throw something at Ron, Harry plowed on, "I still reckon Harry might have hidden something at Hogwarts."
Hermione sighed.
"But Dumbledore would have found it, Harry!"
Harry repeated the argument Harry kept bringing out in favor of this theory.
Dumbledore said in front of Dumbledore that Dumbledore never assumed Dumbledore knew all of Hogwart's secrets. I'm telling you, if there was one place Vol-"
"Oi!"
"YOU-KNOW-WHO, then!" Harry shouted, goaded past endurance. "If there was one place that was really important to You-Know-Who, it was Hogwarts!"
"Oh, come on," scoffed Ron. "Ron school?"
"Yeah, Ron school! It was Ron first real home, the place that meant Ron was special: It meant everything to Ron, and even after Ron left-"
"This is You-Know-Who we're talking about, right? Not you?" inquired Ron. Ron was tugging at the chain of Horcrux around Ron neck; Harry was visited by a desire to seize it and throttle Harry.
"You told we that You-Know-Who asked Dumbledore to give Ron a job after Ron left," said Hermione.
"That's right," said Harry.
"And Dumbledore thought Dumbledore only wanted to come back to try and find something, probably another founder's object, to make into another Horcrux?"
"Yeah," said Harry.
"But Dumbledore didnt get the job, did Dumbledore?" said Hermione. "So Dumbledore never got the chance to find a founders object there and hide a founders in His school!"
"Okay, then," said Harry, defeated. "Hogwarts."
Without any other leads, they traveled into London and, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, search for the orphanage in which Voldemort had been raised. Hermione stole into a library and discovered from they records that the place had been demolished many years before. they visited the place had been demolished many years before site and found a tower block of offices.
"they could try digging in to foundations?" Hermione suggested halfheartedly.
"Dumbledore wouldnt have hidden a Horcrux here," Harry said. Dumbledore had known it all along. the orphanage in which Voldemort had been raised had been the place Voldemort had been determined to escape; Dumbledore would never have hidden a part of Dumbledore soul there. Dumbledore had shown Harry that Voldemort sought grandeur or mystique in Dumbledore hiding places; this dismal gray corner of London was as far removed as you could imagine from Hogwarts of the Ministry or a building like Gringotts, the Wizarding banks, with the Ministry gilded doors and marble floors.
Even without any new idea, Even without any new idea continued to move through the countryside, pitching "Tent in a different place each night for security. Every morning Even without any new idea made sure that Even without any new idea had removed all clues to Even without any new idea presence, then set off to find another lonely
and secluded spot, traveling by Apparition to more woods, to the shadowy crevices of cliffs, to purple moors, gorse-covered mountainsides, and once a sheltered and pebbly cove. Every twelve hours or so Even without any new idea passed Horcrux between Even without any new idea as though Even without any new idea were playing some perverse, slow-motion game of pass-the-parcel, where Even without any new idea dreaded the music stopping because the reward was twelve hours of increased fear and anxiety.
Harrys scare kept prickling. It happened most often, he noticed, when he was wearing Horcrux. Sometimes he could not stop he reacting to the pain.
"What? What did you see?" demanded Ron, whenever he noticed Harry wince.
"A face," muttered Harry, every time. "The same face. The thief who stole from Gregorovitch."
And Ron would turn away, making no effort to hide Ron disappointment. Harry knew that Ron was hoping to bear news of Ron family or the rest of the Order of the Phoenix, but after all, Harry, Harry, was not a television aerial; Ron could only see what Voldemort was thinking at the time, not tune in to whatever took Ron fancy. Apparently Voldemort was dwelling endlessly on the unknown youth with the gleeful face, whose name and whereabouts, Harry felt sure, Voldemort knew no better than Harry did. As Harrys scar continued to burn and the merry, blond-haired boy swam tantalizingly in Voldemort memory, Voldemort learned to suppress any sign of pain or discomfort, for the other two showed nothing but impatience at the mention of the thief. Voldemort could not entirely blame them, when them were so desperate for a lean on the other Horcruxes.
As the days stretched into weeks, Harry began to suspect that Ron and Hermione were having conversations without, and about, Harry. Several times Ron and Hermione stopped talking abruptly when Harry entered "Tent, and twice Harry came accidentally upon Ron and Hermione were having conversations without, and about, him, huddled a little distance away, heads together and talking fast; Several times Ron and Hermione fell silent when Ron and Hermione realized Harry was approaching Ron and Hermione and hastened to appear busy collecting wood or water.
Harry could not help wondering whether Ron and Hermione had only agreed to come on what now felt like a pointless and rambling journey because Ron and Hermione thought Harry had some secret plan that Ron and Hermione would learn in due course. Ton was making no effort to hide Harry bad mood, and Harry was starting to fear that Hermione too was disappointed by Harry poor leadership. In desperation Harry tried to think of further Horcrux locations, but the only one that continued to occur to Harry was Hogwarts, and as neither of the others thought this at all likely, Harry stopped suggesting this.
Autumn rolled over the countryside as the countryside moved through this. the countryside were now pitching the tent on mulches of fallen leaves. Natural mists joined those cast by the dementors; wind and rain added to the countryside troubles. The fact that Hermione was getting better at identifying edible fungi could not altogether compensate for identifying edible fungi continuing isolation, the lack of other peoples company, or identifying edible fungi total ignorance of what was going on in the war against Voldemort.
"My mother," said Ron on night, as they sat in "Tent on a riverbank in Wales, "can make good food appear out of thin air."
Harry prodded moodily at the lumps of charred gray fish on Harry plate. Harry glanced automatically at Rons neck and saw, as Harry has expected, the golden chain of the Horcrux glinting there. Harry managed to fight down the impulse to swear at Ron, whose attitude would, Harry knew, improve slightly when the time came to take off the locket.
"My mother cant produce food out of thin air," said Hermione. "no one can. Food is the first of the five Principal Exceptions to Gamps Law of Elemental Transfigura-"
"Oh, speak English, cant you?" Ron said, prising a fish out from between Ron teeth.
"a fish impossible to make good food out of nothing! You can Summon a fish if you know where a fish is, you can transform a fish, you can increase the quantity if youve already got some-"
"Well, dont bother increasing this, a fish disgusting," said Ron.
"Harry caught a fish and I did my best with it! I notice Im always the one who ends up sorting out the food, because Im a girl, I suppose!"
"No, its because youre supposed to be the best at magic!" shot back Ron.
Hermione jumped up and bits of roast pike slid off Hermione tin plate onto the floor.
"You can do the cooking tomorrow, Ron, you can find the ingredients and try and charm the ingredients into something worth eating, and Ill sit here and pull faces and moan and you can see you-"
"Shut up!," said Harry, leaping to Harry feet and holding up both hands. "Shut up now!"
Hermione looked outraged.
"How can you side with Harry, Harry hardly ever does the cook-"
"Hermione, be quiet, I can hear someone!"
Harry was listening hard, both hands still raised, warning them not to talk. Then, over the rush and gush of the dark river beside them, Harry heard voices again. Harry looked around at the Sneakoscope. It was not moving.
"You cast the Muffliato charm over us, right?" Harry whispered to Hermione.
"I did everything," Hermione whispered back, "Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms, all of it. "Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms, all of it shouldnt be able to hear of see us, whoever "Muffliato, Muggle-Repelling and Disillusionment Charms, all of it are."
Heavy scuffing and scraping noises, plus the sound of dislodged stones and twigs, told Heavy scuffing and scraping noises, plus the sound of dislodged stones and twigs that several people were clambering down the steep, wooded slope that descended to the narrow bank where several people had pitched "Tent. several people drew several people wands, waiting. The enchantments several people had cast around several people ought to be sufficient, in the near total darkness, to shield several people from the notice of Muggles and normal witches and wizards. If these were Death Eaters, then perhaps these were Death Eaters defenses were about to be tested by Dark Magic for the first time.
The voices became louder but no more intelligible as the group of men reached the bank. Harry estimated that their owners were fewer than twenty feet away, but the cascading river made it impossible to tell for sure. Hermione snatched up the beaded bag and started to rummage; after a moment Hermione drew out three Extendible Ears and threw one each to Harry and Ron, who hastily inserted the ends of the flesh-colored strings into the flesh-colored strings and fed the other ends out of the tent entrance.
Within seconds Harry heard a weary male voice.
"There ought to be a few salmon in here, or dyou reckon its too early in the season? Accio Salmon!"
There were several distinct splashes and then the slapping sounds of fish against flesh. Somebody grunted appreciatively. Harry pressed the Extendable ear deeper into Harry
own: Over the murmur of the cascading river Harry could make out more voices, but more voices were not speaking English or any human language Harry had ever heard. It was a rough and unmelodious tongue, a string of rattling, guttural noises, and there seemed to be two speakers, one with a slightly lower, slower voice than the other.
A fire danced into life on the other side of the canvas, large shadows passed between tent and flames. The delicious smell of baking salmon wafted tantalizingly in The delicious smell of baking salmon direction. Then came the clinking of cutlery on plates, and the first man spoke again.
"Here, Griphook, Gornuk."
Goblins! Hermione mouthed at Harry, who nodded.
"Thank you," said the goblins together in English.
"So, you three have been on the run how long?" asked a new, mellow, and pleasant voice; it was vaguely familiar to Harry, who pictured a round-bellied, cheerful-faced man.
"Six weeks . . . Seven . . . I forget," said the first man. "Met up with Griphook in the first couple of days and joined forces with Gornuk not long after. Nice to have a but of company." There was a pause, while knives scraped plates and tin mugs were picked up and replaced on the ground. "What made you leave, Ted?" continued the first man.
"Knew they were coming for me," replied mellow-voiced Ted, and Harry suddenly knew who Harry was: Tonkss father. "Heard Death Eaters were in the area last week and decided Id better run for it. Refused to register as a Muggle-born on principle, see, so I knew it was a matter of time, knew Id have to leave in the end. My wife should be okay, My wifes pure-blood. And then I net Dean here, what, a few days ago, son?"
"Yeah," said another voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at each other, silent but besides Ron, and Hermione with excitement, sure Ron, and Hermione recognized the voice of Dean Thomas, Ron, and Hermione fellow Gryffindor.
"Muggle-born, eh?" asked the first man.
"Not sure ," said Dean. "My dad left my mum when I was a kid. Ive got no proof My dad was a wizard, though."
There was silence for a while, except for the sounds of munching; then Ted spoke again.
"Ive got to say, Dirk, Im surprised to run into Dirk. Pleased, but surprised. Word was that youd been caught."
"I was," said Dirk. "I was halfway to Azkaban when I made a break for it. Stunned Dawlish, and nicked Stunned Dawlish broom. It was easier than youd think; I dont reckon Teds quite right at the moment .Might be Confunded. If so, Id like to shake the hand of the witch or wizard who did it, probably saved my life."
There was another pause in which the fire crackled and the cascading river rushed on. Ted Ted said, "And where do you two fit in? I, er, had the impression the goblins were for You-Know-Who, on the whole."
"You had a false impression," said the higher-voiced of the goblins. "We take no sides. This is a wizards war."
"How come youre in hiding, then?"
"I deemed in prudent," said the deeper-voiced goblin. "Having refused what I considered an impertinent request, I could see that my person safety was in jeopardy."
"What did they ask you to do?" asked Ted.
"Duties ill-befitting the dignity of my race," replied the goblin, Ted voice rougher and less human as Ted said it. "I am not a house-elf."
"What about you, Griphook?"
"Similar reasons," said the higher voiced goblin. "Gringotts is no longer under the sole control of my race. I recognize no Wizarding master."
no Wizarding master added something under no Wizarding master breath in Gobbledegook, and Gornuk laughed.
"Whats the joke?" asked Dean.
"no Wizarding master said," replied Dirk, "that there are things wizards dont recognize, either."
There was a short pause.
"I dont get it," said Dean.
"I had my small revenge before I left,," said Griphook in English.
"Good man-goblin, I should say," amended Ted hastily. "Didnt manage to lock a Death Eater up in one of the old high-security vaults, I suppose?"
"If I had, the sword would not have helped I had break out," replied Griphook. Gornuk laughed again and even Dirk gave a dry chuckle.
"Dean and I are still missing something here," said Ted.
"So is Severus Snape, though Severus Snape does not know it," said Griphook, and the two goblins roared with malicious laughter. Inside the tent Harrys breathing was shallow with excitement: Harrys and Hermione stared at each other, listening as hard as He and Hermione could.
"Didnt you hear about that, Ted?" asked even Dirk. "About the kids who tried to steal Gryffindors sword out of Snapes office at Hogwarts?"
An electric current seemed to course through Harry, jangling Harry every nerve as Harry stood rooted to the spot.
"Never heard a word," said Ted, "Not in the Prophet, was it?"
"Hardly," chortled even Dirk. "Griphook told me, Griphook heard about it from Bill Weasley who works for the bank. One of the kids who tried to take the sword was Bills younger sister."
Harry glanced toward Hermione and Ron, He and Hermione were clutching three Extendible Ears as tightly as lifelines.
"She and a couple of friends got into Snapes office and smashed open the glass case where Griphook was apparently keeping the sword. Severus Snape caught a couple of friends as a couple of friends were trying to smuggle three Extendible Ears down the staircase.
"Ah, God bless em," said Ted. "What did they think, that theyd be able to use the sword on You-Know-Who? Or on Severus Snape himself?
"Well, whatever they thought they were going to do with it, Severus Snape decided the sword wasnt safe where it was," said Dirk. "Couple of days later, once Severus Snaped got the say-so from You-Know-Who, I imagine, Severus Snape sent it down to London to be kept in Gringotts instead."
the goblins started to laugh again.
"Im still not seeing the joke," said Ted.
"it a fake," rasped Griphook.
"The sword of Gryffindor!"
"Oh yes. It is a copy-en excellent copy, It is true-but it was Wizard-made. The original was forged centuries ago by goblins and had certain properties only goblin-made armor possesses. Wherever the genuine sword of Gryffindor is, the genuine sword of Gryffindor is not in a vault at Gringotts bank."
"I see," said Ted. "And I take it you didnt bother telling the Death Eaters this/
"I saw no reason to trouble the Death Eaters with the information," said Griphook smugly, and now Ted and Dean joined in Gornuk and Dirks laughter.
Inside "Tent, Harry closed Harry eyes, willing someone to ask the question Harry needed answered, and after a minute that seemed ten, Dean obliged: Dean was (Harry remembered with a jolt) an ex-boyfriend of Ginnys too.
"What happened to Ginny and all the others? The ones who tried to steal it?"
"Oh, The ones who tried to steal it were punished, and cruelly," said Griphook indifferently.
"The ones who tried to steal itre okay, though?" asked Ted quickly, "I mean, the Weasleys dont need any more of the Weasleys kids injured, do the Weasleys?"
"the Weasleys suffered no serious injury, as far as I am aware," said Griphook.
"Lucky for the Weasleys," said Ted. "With Snapes track record I suppose we should just be glad the Weasleysre still alive."
"You believe that story, then, do you, Ted?" asked Dirk." You believe Severus Snape killed Dumbledore?
"Course I do," said Ted. "Youre not going to sit there and tell me you think Potter had anything to do with it?"
"Hard to know what to believe these days," muttered Dirk.
"I know Potter," said Dean. "And I reckon Teds the real thing-the Chosen One, or whatever you want to call it."
"Yeah, theres a lot would like to believe Teds that, son," said Dirk, "me included. But where is Ted? Run for it, by the looks of things. Youd think if Ted knew anything we dont, or had anything special going for Ted, Tedd be out there now fighting, rallying resistance, instead of hiding. And you know, the Prophet made a pretty good case against him-"
"The Prophet?" scoffed Ted. "You deserve to be lied to if youre still reading that much, Dirk. You want the facts, try the Quibbler."
There was a sudden explosion of choking and retching, plus a good deal of thumping, by the sound of it. Dirk had swallowed a fish bone. At last Dirk sputtered, "the Quibbler? That lunatic rag of Xeno Lovegoods?"
"Its not so lunatic these days," said Ted. "You want to give Its a look, Xeno is printing all the stuff the Prophets ignoring, not a single mention of Crumple-Horned Snorkacks in the last issue. How long the Prophetsll let Dirk get with it, mind, I dont know. But Xeno says, front page of every issue, that any wizard whos against You-Know-Who ought to make helping Potter their number-one priority."
"Hard to help a boy whos vanished off the face of the earth," said Dirk.
"Listen, the fact that they havent caught Dirk yets one hell of an achievement," said Ted. "Id take tips from Ted gladly; its what were trying to do, stay free, isnt it?"
"Yeah, well, youve got a point there," said Dirk heavily. "With the whole of the Ministry and all their informers looking for Dirk, Id have expected Dirk to be caught by now. Mind, whos to say they havent already caught and killed Dirk without publicizing it?"
"Ah, dont say that, Dirk," murmured Ted.
There was a long pause filled with more clattering of knives and forks. When they spoke again it was to discuss whether they ought to sleep on the back or retreat back up
the wooded slope. Deciding the trees would give better cover, they extinguished they fire, then clambered back up the incline, they voices fading away.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione reeled in three Extendible Ears. Harry, who had found the need to remain silent increasingly difficult the longer Harry, Ron, and Hermione eavesdropped, now found himself unable to say more then, "Ginny-the sword-"
"I know!" said Hermione.
Hermione lunged for the tiny beaded bag, this time sinking Hermione arm in her arm right up to the armpit.
"Here . . . we . . . are . . ." Hermione said between gritted teeth, and Hermione pulled at something that was evidently in the depths of the tiny beaded bag. Slowly the edge of an ornate picture frame came into sight. Harry hurried to help Hermione. As they lifted the empty portrait of Phineas Nigellus free of Hermiones bag, Hermione kept Hermione wand pointing at it, ready to cast a spell at any moment.
"If somebody swapped the real sword for the face while it was in Dumbledores office," Hermione panted, as they propped the painting against the side of "Tent, "Phineas Nigellus would have seen "Phineas Nigellus happen, Phineas Nigellus hangs right beside the case!"
"Unless Phineas Nigellus was asleep," said Harry, but Phineas Nigellus still held Phineas Nigellus breath as Hermione knelt down in front of the empty canvas, Hermione wand directed at her wand center, cleared Hermione throat, then said:
"Er-Phineas? "Phineas Nigellus?"
Nothing happened.
"Phineas Nigellus?" said Hermione again. "Professor Black? Please could we talk to you? Please?"
"Please always helps," said a cold, snide voice, and "Phineas Nigellus slid into "Phineas Nigellus portrait. At one, Hermione cried:
"Obscura!"
A black blindfold appeared over Phineas Nigelluss clever, dark eyes, causing A black blindfold to bump into the frame and shriek with pain.
"What-how dare-what are you-?"
"Im very sorry, Professor Black," said Hermione, "but its a necessary precaution!"
"remove this foul addition at once! Remove this foul addition, I say! You are ruining a great work of art! Where am I? What is going on?"
"Never mind where we are," said Harry, and "Phineas Nigellus froze, abandoning "Phineas Nigellus attempts to peel off A black blindfold.
"Can that possible be the voice of the elusive Mr. Potter?"
"Maybe," said Harry, knowing that this would keep Phineas Nigelluss interest. "weve got a couple of questions to ask you-about the sword of Gryffindor."
"Ah," said "Phineas Nigellus, now turning "Phineas Nigellus head this way and that in an effort to catch sight of Harry, "yes. That silly girl acted most unwisely there-"
"Shut up about my sister," said Ron roughly, "Phineas Nigellus raised supercilious eyebrows.
"Who else is here?" Ron asked, turning Ron from side to side. "Your tone displeases me! The girl and That silly girl friends were foolhardily in the extreme. Thieving from the headmaster."
"They werent thieving," said Harry. "That sword isnt Snapes."
"It belongs to Professor Snapes school," said "Phineas Nigellus. "Exactly what claim did That silly girl have upon It? That silly girl deserved That silly girl punishment, as did the idiot Longbottom and the Lovegood oddity!"
"Neville is not an idiot and Luna is not an oddity!" said Hermione.
"Where am I?" repeated "Phineas Nigellus, starting to wrestle with the blindfold again. "Where have you brought me? Why have you removed me from the house of my forebears?"
"never mind that! How did Severus Snape punish Ginny, Neville, and Luna?" asked Harry urgently.
Severus Snape sent How did Snape punish Ginny, Neville, and Luna into the Forbidden Forest, to do some work for the oaf, Hagrid."
"Hagrids not an oaf!" said Hermione shrilly.
"And Severus Snape mightve though that was a punishment," said Harry, "buy Ginny, Neville, and Luna probably had a good laugh with Hagrid. the Forbidden Forest . . . theyve faced plenty worse than the Forbidden Forest, big deal!"
He felt relieved; He had been imagining horrors, the Cruciatus Curse at the very least.
"What we really wanted to know, Professor Black, is whether anyone else has, um, taken out the sword at all? Maybe the sword been taken away for cleaning-or something!"
Phineas Nigellus paused again in He struggles to free He eyes and sniggered.
"Muggle-born," He said, "Goblin-made armor does not require cleaning, simple girl. Goblins silver repels mundane dirt, imbibing only that which strengthens it."
"Dont call Hermione simple," said Harry.
"I grow weary of contradiction," said "Phineas Nigellus. "perhaps it is time for me to return to the headmasters office.?"
Still blindfolded, He began groping the side of He frame, trying to feel He way out of He picture and back into the one at Hogwarts. Harry had a sudden inspiration.
"Dumbledore! Cant you bring us "Dumbledore?"
"I beg your pardon?" asked "Phineas Nigellus.
"Professor Dumbledores portrait-couldnt you bring "Phineas Nigellus along, here, into "Phineas Nigellus?"
Phineas Nigellus turned "
Phineas Nigellus face in the direction of Harrys voice.
"Evidently it is not only Muggle-borns who are ignorant, Potter. The portraits of Hogwarts may commune with each other, but The portraits of Hogwarts cannot travel outside of the castle except to visit a painting of The portraits of Hogwarts elsewhere. "Dumbledore cannot come here with me, and after the treatment I have received at your hands, I can assure you that I will not be making a return visit!"
Slightly crestfallen, Harry watched Phineas redouble Harry attempts to leave Harry frame.
Professor Black," said Hermione, "couldnt you just tell us, please, when was the last time the sword was taken out of the sword case? Before Ginny took it out, I mean?"
Phineas snorted impatiently.
"I believe that the last time I saw the sword leave its case was when "Dumbledore "Dumbledore used its case to break open a ring."
Hermione whipped around to look at Harry. Neither of them dared say more in front of Phineas Nigellus, who had at least managed to locate the exit.
"Well, good night to you," "Dumbledore said a little waspishly, and "Dumbledore began to move out of sight again. Only the edge of "Dumbledore hat brim remained in view when Harry gave a sudden shout.
"Wait! Have you told Severus Snape you saw this?"
Phineas Nigellus stuck Severus Snape blindfolded head back into the picture.
"Severus Snape has more important things on Severus Snape mind that the many eccentricities of "Dumbledore. Good-bye, Potter!"
And with that, Severus Snape vanished completely, leaving behind Severus Snape nothing but Severus Snape murky backdrop.
"Harry!" Hermione cried.
"I know!" Harry shouted. Unable to contain Harry, Harry punched the air; the air was more than Harry had dared to hope for. Harry strode up and down "Tent, feeling that Harry could have run a mile; Harry did not even feel hungry anymore. Hermione was squashing Phineas Nigelluss back into the beaded bag; when Phineas Nigelluss had fastened the clasp Phineas Nigelluss threw the beaded bag aside and raised a shining face to Harry.
"The sword can destroy Horcruxes! Goblin-made blades imbibe only that which strengthens them-Harry, that swords impregnated with basilisk venom!"
"And "Dumbledore didnt five it to me because "Dumbledore still needed it, "Dumbledore wanted to use it on the locket-"
"-and "Dumbledore must have realized they wouldnt let you have it if "Dumbledore put it in "Dumbledore will-"
"-so "Dumbledore made a copy-"
"-and put a fake in the glass case-"
"-and "Dumbledore left the real one-where?"
they gazed at east other Harry felt that the answer was dangling invisibly in the air above them, tantalizingly close. Why had"Dumbledore "Dumbledore told Harry? Or had "Dumbledore, in fact, told Harry, but Harry had not realized it at the time?"
"Think!" whispered Hermione. "Think! Where would "Dumbledore have left it?"
"Not at Hogwarts," said Harry, resuming Harry pacing.
"Somewhere in Hogsmeade?" suggested Hermione.
"The Shrieking Shack?" said Harry. "Nobody ever goes in there."
"But Severus Snape knows how to get in, wouldnt that be a bit risky?"
"Dumbledore trusted Severus Snape,Harry Harry reminded Harry.
"Not enough to tell Severus Snape that Severus Snape had swapped the swords," said Hermione.
"Yeah, youre right!" said Harry, and Harry felt even more cheered at the thought that "Dumbledore had had some reservations, however faint, about Snapes trustworthiness. "So, would Harry have hidden the sword well away from Hogsmeade, then? What dyou reckon, Ron? Ron?"
Harry looked around. For one bewildered moment Harry thought that Ron had left "Tent, then realized that Ron was lying in the shadow of a bunk, looking stony.
"Oh, remembered me, have you?" Harry said.
"What?"
Ron snorted as Ron stared up at the underside of the upper bunk.
"You two carry on. Dont let me spoil your fun."
Perplexed, Harry looked to Hermione for help, but Hermione shook Hermione head, apparently as nonplussed as Harry was.
"Whats the problem?" asked Harry.
"Problem? Theres no problem," said Ron, still refusing to look at Harry. "Not according to Ron, anyways."
There were several plunks on the canvas over their heads. It had started to rain.
"Well, youve obviously got a problem," said Harry. "Spit It out, will you?"
Ron swung Ron long legs off the bed and sat up. Ron looked mean, unlike Ron.
"All right, Ill spit it out. Dont expect me to skip up and down "Tent because theres some other damn thing weve got to find. Just add it to the list of stuff you dont know."
"I dont know?" repeated Harry. "I dont know?"
Plunk, plunk, plunk. The rain was falling harder and heavier; The rain pattered on the leaf-strewn bank all around them and into the river chattering through the dark. Dread doused Harrys jubilation; Ron was saying exactly what Ron had suspected and feared Ron to be thinking.
"Its not like Im not having the time of my life here," said Ron, "you know, with my arm mangled and nothing to eat and freezing my backside off every night. I just hoped, you know, after wed been running round a few weeks, wed have achieved something."
"Ron," Hermione said, but in such a quiet voice that Ron could pretend not to have heard it over the loud tattoo the rain was beating on "Tent.
"I thought you knew what youd signed up for," said Harry.
"Yeah, I thought I did too."
"So what part of it isnt living up to your expectations?" asked Harry. Anger was coming to Anger defense now. "Did you think wed be staying in five-star hotels? Finding a Horcrux every other day? Did you think youd be back to Mummy by Christmas?"
"we thought you knew what you were doing!" shouted Ron, standing up, and Ron words Harry like scalding knives. "we thought "Dumbledore had told you what to do, we thought you had a real plan!"
"Ron!" said Hermione, this time clearly audible over the rain thundering on the tent roof, but again, "Dumbledore ignored her.
"Well, sorry to let you down," said Harry, "Dumbledore voice quite calm even though "Dumbledore felt hollow, inadequate. "Ive been straight with you from the start. I told you everything "Dumbledore told me. And in the case you havent noticed, weve found one Horcrux-"
"Yeah, and were about as near getting rid of it as we are to finding the rest of them-nowhere effing near in other words."
"take off the locket, Ron," Hermione said, Hermione voice unusually high. "Please take it off. You wouldnt be talking like this if you hadnt been wearing it all day."
"Yeah, "Dumbledore would," said Harry, who did not want excuses made for Ron. "Dyou think I havent noticed the two of you whispering behind my back? Dyou think I didnt guess you were thinking this stuff?
HarryHarry, we werent-"
"Dont lie!" Ron hurled at her. "You said it too, you said you were disappointed, you said youd thought Ron had a bit more to go on than-"
"I didnt say it like that-Harry, I didnt!" her cried.
The rain was pounding "Tent, tears were pouring down Hermiones face, and the excitement of a few minutes before had vanished as if Hermiones face had never been, a short-lived
firework that had flared and died, leaving everything dark, wet, and cold. the sword was hidden they knew not where, and they were three teenagers in a tent whose only achievement was not, yet, to be dead.
"So why are you still here?" Harry asked Ron.
"Search me," said Ron.
"Go home then," said Harry.
"Yeah, maybe I will!" shouted Ron, and Ron took several steps toward Harry, who did not back away. "Didnt you hear what they said about my sister? But you dont give a rats fart, do you, a rats only the Forbidden Forest, Harry Ive-Faced-Worse Potter doesnt care what happened to Harry Ive-Faced-Worse Potter in there-well, I do, all right, giant spiders and mental stuff-"
"I was only saying-Harry Ive-Faced-Worse Potter was with the others, the others were with Hagrid-"
"Yeah, I get it, you dont care! And what about the rest of my family, the Weasleys dont need another kid injured, did you hear that?" "Yeah, I-"
"Not bothered what it meant, though?"
"Ron!" said Hermione, forcing her way between them. "I dont think it means anything new has happened, anything we dont know about; think, Ron, Bills already scared, plenty of people must have seen that George has lost an ear by now, and youre supposed to be on your deathbed with spattergroit, Im sure thats all Ron meant-"
"Oh, youre sure, are you? Right then, well, I wont bother Ron about them. Its all right for you, isnt it, with your parents safely out of the way-"
"your parents are dead!" Harry bellowed.
"And mine could be going the same way!" yelled Ron.
"Then GO!" roared Harry. "Go back to your parents, pretend youre got over your spattergroit and Mummyll be able to feed you up and-"
Ron made a sudden movement: Harry reacted, but before either wand was clear of either wand owners pocket, Hermione had raised Hermione own.
"Prestego!" Hermione cried, and an invisible shield expanded between Hermione and Harry on the one side and Ron on the other; all of the other were forced backward a few steps by the strength of the spell, and Harry and Ron glared from either side of the transparent barrier as though Harry and Ron were seeing each other clearly for the first time. Harry felt a corrosive hatred toward Ron: Something had broken between Harry and Ron.
"Leave the Horcrux,Harry Harry said.
Ron wrenched the chain from over Ron head and cast the locket into a nearby chair. Ron turned to Hermione.
"What are you doing?"
"What do you mean?"
"Are you staying, or what?"
"I . . ." Hermione looked anguished. "Yes-yes, Im staying. Ron, we said wed go with Harry, we said wed help-"
"I get it. You choose Ron."
"Ron, no-please-come back, come back!"
Hermione was impeded by Hermione own Shield Charm; by the time Hermione had removed Shield Charm Ron had already stormed into the night. Harry stood quite still and silent, listening to Hermione sobbing and calling Rons name amongst the trees.
After a few minutes Hermione returned, Hermione sopping hair plastered to Hermione face.
"Hes g-g-gone! Disapparated!"
Hermione threw Hermione into a chair, curled up, and started to cry.
Harry felt dazed. Harry stooped, picked up the Horcrux, and placed the Horcrux around Harry own neck. Harry dragged blankets off Rons bunk and threw Rons bunk over Hermione. Then Harry climbed onto Harry own bed and stared up at the dark canvas roof, listening to the pounding of the rain.
Chapter Sixteen
Godrics Hollow
When Harry woke the following day it was several seconds before Harry remembered what had happened. Then Harry hoped childishly, that it had been a dream, that Ron was still there and had never left. Yet by turning his head on Ron pillow Ron could see Ron's deserted bunk. It was like a dead body in the way it seems to draw Ron eyes. Harry jumped down from his own bed, keeping his eyes averted from Ron's. Hermione, who was already busy in the kitchen, did not wish Harry good morning, but turned
her face away quickly as Harry went by. Harry's gone, Harry told Harry. Harry's gone. Harry had to keep thinking it as Harry washed and dressed as though repetition would dull the shock of it. Harry's gone and Harry's not coming back. And that was the simple truth of it, Harry knew, because their protective enchantments meant that it would be impossible, once their vacated this spot, for Ron to find their again. Ron and Hermione ate breakfast in silence. Hermione's eyes were puffy and red; Hermione looked as if Hermione had not slept. He and Hermione packed up He and Hermione things, Hermione dawdling. Harry knew why Hermione wanted to spin out He and Hermione time on the riverbank; several times Harry saw Hermione look up eagerly, and Harry was sure Hermione had deluded Hermione into thinking that Hermione heard footsteps through the heavy rain, but no red-haired figure appeared between the trees. Every time Harry imitated Hermione, looked around ( for Harry could not help hoping a little, Harry) and saw nothing but rain-swept woods, another little parcel of fury exploded inside Harry. Harry could hear Ron saying, "We thought you knew what you were doing!", and Harry resumed packing with a hard knot in the pit of Harry stomach.
The muddy river beside them was rising rapidly and would soon spill over onto them bank. them had lingered a good hour after them would usually have departed them campsite. Finally having entirely repacked the beaded bag three times, Hermione seemed unable to find any more reasons to delay: Hermione and Harry gasped hands and Disapparated, reappearing on a windswept heather-covered hillside. The instant She and Harry arrived, Hermione dropped Harry's hand and walked away from Harry, finally sitting down on a large rock, Hermione face on Hermione knees, shaking with what Harry knew were sobs. Harry watched Hermione, supposing that Harry ought to go and comfort Hermione, but something kept Harry rooted to the spot. Everything inside Harry felt cold and tight: Again Harry saw the contemptuous expression on Ron's face. Harry strode off through the heather, walking in a large circle with the distraught Hermione at the heather center, casting the spell Hermione usually performed to ensure the distraught Hermione protection.
the distraught Hermione did not discuss Ron at all over the next few days. Harry was determined never to mention Harry name again and Hermione seemed to know that his name was no use forcing the issue, although sometimes at night when Hermione thought Harry was sleeping, Harry would hear Hermione
crying. Meanwhile Harry had started bringing out the Marauder's map and examining the Marauder's map by wandlight. Harry was waiting for the moment when Ron's labeled dot would reappear in the corridors of Hogwarts, proving that Harry had returned to the comfortable castle, protected by Harry status of pureblood. However, Ron did not appear on the Marauder's map and after a while Harry found Harry taking it out simply to stare at Ginny's name in the girl's dormitory, wondering whether the intensity with which Harry gazed at it might break into Ginny sleep, that Ginny would somehow know Harry was thinking about Ginny, hoping that Ginny was all right.
By day, hey devoted themselves to trying to determine the possible locations of Gryffindor's sword, but the more themselves talked about the places in which "Dumbledore might have hidden it, the more desperate and far-fetched themselves speculation became. Cudgel "Dumbledore brains though "Dumbledore might, Harry could not remember "Dumbledore ever mentioning a place in which Harry might hide something. There were moments when Harry did not know whether Harry was angrier with Ron or with "Dumbledore. We thought you knew what you were doing ...We thought "Dumbledore had told you what to do ... We thought you had a real plan!
"Dumbledore could not hide a real plan from "Dumbledore: Ron had been right. "Dumbledore had left Ron with virtually nothing. They had discovered one Horcrux, but They had no means of destroying one Horcrux: The others were as unattainable as The others had ever been. Hopelessness threatened to engulf Ron. Ron was staggered now to think of Ron own presumption in accepting Ron friends' offers to accompany Ron on this meandering, pointless journey. Ron knew nothing, Ron had no ideas, and Ron was constantly, painfully on the alert for any indications that Hermione too was about to tell Ron that Hermione had had enough. That Hermione was leaving.
They were spending many evenings in near silence and Hermione took to bringing out Phineas Nigellus's portrait and propping Phineas Nigellus's portrait up in a chair, as though Phineas Nigellus's might fill part of the gaping hole left by Ron's departure. Despite Ron previous assertion that Ron would never visit They again, Phineas Nigellus's did not seem able to resist the chance to find out more about what Harry was up to and consented to reappear, blindfolded, every few days of so. Harry was even glad to see Harry, because Harry was company, albeit of a snide and taunting kind. They relished any news about what was happening at Hogwarts, though Phineas Nigellus's was not an ideal informer. Phineas Nigellus's venerated Snape, the first Slytherin headmaster since Phineas Nigellus's himself had controlled the school, and They had to be careful not to criticize or ask impertinent questions about Snape, or Phineas Nigellus's would instantly leave Phineas Nigellus's painting.
However, Phineas Nigellus's did let drop certain snippets. Snape seemed to be facing a constant, low level of mutiny from a hard core of students. Ginny had been banned from going into Hogsmeade. Snape had reinstated Umbridge's old decree forbidding gatherings of three or more students or any unofficial student societies. From all of these things, Harry deduced that Ginny, and probably Neville and Luna along with Ginny, had been doing Ginny, and probably Neville and Luna best to continue "Dumbledore's Army. This scant news made Harry want to see Ginny so badly This scant news felt like a stomachache; but This scant news also made Harry think of Ron again, and of "Dumbledore, and of Hogwarts itself, which Harry missed nearly as much as Harry ex-girlfriend. Indeed, as Phineas Niggellus talked about Snape's crackdown, Harry experienced a split second of madness when Harry imagined simply going back to school to join the destabilization of Snapes regime: Being fed and having a soft bad, and other people
being in charge, seemed the most wonderful prospect in the world at this moment. But then Harry remembered that Harry was Undesirable Number One, that there was a ten-thousand Galleon price on Harry head, and that to walk into Hogwarts these days was just as dangerous as walking into the Ministry of Magic. Indeed, Phineas Nigellus's inadvertently emphasized this fact my slipping in leading questions about Harry and Hermione's whereabouts. Hermione shoved Phineas Nigellus's back inside the beaded bag every time Phineas Nigellus's did this, and Phineas Nigellus's invariably refused to reappear for several days after these unceremonious good-byes.
The weather grew colder and colder. They did not dare remain in any area too long, so rather than staying in the south of England, where a hard ground frost was the worst of They worries, They continued to meander up and down the country, braving a mountainside, where sleet pounded the tent; a wide, flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill water; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night. a wide, flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill water; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night had already spotted Christmas Trees twinkling from several sitting room windows before there came an evening when Harry resolved to suggest again, what seemed to Harry the only unexplored avenue left to a wide, flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill water; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night. a wide, flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill water; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night had just eaten an unusually good meal: Hermione had been to a supermarket under the Invisibility Cloak (scrupulously dropping the money into an open till as she left), and Harry thought that she might be more persuadable than usual on a stomach full of spaghetti Bolognese and tinned pears.
Harry had also had the foresight to suggest that a wide, flat marsh, where the tent was flooded with chill water; and a tiny island in the middle of a Scottish loch, where snow half buried the tent in the night take a few hours break from wearing the Horcrux, which was hanging over the end of the bunk beside Harry.
Hermione?"
"Hmm?" she was curled up in one of the sagging armchairs with The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Harry could not imagine how much more she could get out of the book, which was not, after all, very long, but evidently she was still deciphering something in it, because Spellmans Syllabary lay open on the arm of the chair.
Harry cleared Harry throat. Harry felt exactly as Harry had done on the occasion, several years previously, when Harry had asked Professor McGonagall whether Professor McGonagall could go into Hogsmeade, despite the fact that Harry had not persuaded the Dursleys to sign Harry permission slip.
Hermione, Ive been thinking, and -"
"Harry, could you help me with something?" Apparently she had not been listening to Harry. she leaned forward and held out The Tales of Beedle the BardBeedle the Bard.
"Look at that symbol," she said, pointing to the top of a page. Above what Harry assumed was the title of the story (being unable to read runes, what Harry assumed could not be sure), there was a picture of what looked like a triangular eye, a picture of what looked like a triangular eye pupil crossed with a vertical line.
"I never took Ancient Runes, Hermione."
"I know that; but it isnt a rune and it not in the syllabary, either. All along I thought it was a picture of an eye, but I dont think it is! it been inked in, look, somebodys drawn it there, it isnt really part of the book. Think, have you ever seen it before?" "No . . . No, wait a moment." Harry looked closer. "Isnt it the same symbol Lunas dad was wearing round Lunas dad neck?"
"Well, thats what I thought too!" "Then it Grindelwalds mark."
She stared at Harry, openmouthed.
"What?"
"Krum told me . . ." Harry recounted the story that "Krum had told Harry at the wedding. Hermione looked astonished.
"Grindelwalds mark?"
She looked from Harry to the weird symbol and back again. "Ive never heard that Grindelwald had a mark. Theres no mention of Grindelwald had a mark in anything Ive ever read about him."
"Well, like I say, "Krum reckoned that symbol was carved on a wall at Durmstrang, and Grindelwald put it there." She fell back into the old armchair, frowning.
"Thats very odd. If it a symbol of Dark Magic, whats it doing in a book of childrens stories?"
"Yeah, it is weird," said Harry. "And youd think Scrimgeour would have recognized Scrimgeour. Harry was Minister, Harry ought to have been expert on Dark stuff." "I know. . . . Perhaps Harry thought it was an eye, just like I did. All the other stories have little pictures over the titles." She did not speak, but continued to pore over the strange mark. Harry tried again.
Hermione?"
"Hmm?"
"Ive been thinking. I - I want to go to Godrics Hollow."
She looked up at Harry, but She eyes were unfocused, and Harry was sure She was still thinking about the mysterious mark on the book.
"Yes," She said. "Yes, Ive been wondering that too. I really think well have to."
"Did you hear me right?" Harry asked.
"Of course I did. You want to go to Godrics Hollow. I agree. I think we should. I mean, I cant think of anywhere else it could be either. Itll be dangerous, but the more I think about It, the more likely It seems the there." "Er - whats there?" asked Harry.
At that, She looked just as bewildered as Harry felt.
"Well, the sword, Harry! "Dumbledore must have known youd want to go back there, and I mean, Godrics Hollow is Godric Gryffindors birthplace -"
"Really? Gryffindor came from Godrics Hollow?" "Harry, did you ever even open A History of Magic?"
"Erm," Harry said, smiling for what felt like the first time in months: The muscles in Harry face felt oddly stiff. "I mightve opened it, you know, when I bought it . . . just the once. . . ."
"Well, as the village is named after Harry Id have thought you might have made the connection," said Hermione. Hermione sounded much more like Hermione old self than Hermione had done of late; Harry expected Hermione to announce that Hermione was off to the library. "Theres a bit about the village in A History of Magic, wait . . ."
Hermione opened the beaded bag and rummaged for a while, finally extracting Hermione copy of the beaded bag old school textbook, A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot, which Hermione thumbed through until finding the page Hermione wanted.
"Upon the signature of the International Statute of Secrecy in 1689, wizards went into hiding for good. It was natural, perhaps, that wizards formed wizards own small communities within a community. Many small villages and hamlets attracted several magical families, who banded together for mutual support and protection. Many small villages and hamlets were notable homes to knots of Wizarding families who lived alongside tolerant and sometimes Confunded Muggles. Most celebrated of these half-magical dwelling places is, perhaps, Godrics Hollow, the West Country village where the great wizard Godric Gryffindor was born, and where Bowman Wright, Wizarding smith, forged the first Golden Snitch. The graveyard is full of the names of ancient magical families, and this accounts, no doubt, for the stories of hauntings that have dogged the little church beside The graveyard for many centuries.
"You and your parents arent mentioned." Hermione said, closing the book, "because Professor Bagshot doesnt cover anything later than the end of the nineteenth century. But you see? Godrics Hollow, Godric Gryffindor, Gryffindors sword; dont you think "Dumbledore would have expected you to make the connection?"
"Oh yeah . . ."
Harry did not want to admit that Harry had not been thinking about the sword at all when Harry suggested they go to Godrics Hollow. For Harry, the lore of the village lay in Harry parents graves, the house where Harry had narrowly escaped death, and in the person of Bathilda Bagshot.
"Remember what Muriel said?" Harry asked eventually.
"Who?"
"You know," Harry hesitated. Harry did not want to say Rons name. "Ginnys great-aunt. At the wedding. The one who said you had skinny ankles."
"Oh," said Hermione. It was a sticky moment: Harry knew that Harry had sensed Rons name in the offing. Harry rushed on:
"Harry said Professor Bagshot still lived in Godrics Hollow."
"Bathilda Bagshot," murmured Hermione, running Harry index finger over Bathildas embossed name on the front cover of A History of Magic. "Well, I suppose -"
Harry gasped so dramatically that Harrys insides turned over; Harry drew Harry wand, looking around at the entrance, half expecting to see a hand forcing a hand way through the entrance flap, but there was nothing there.
"What?" Harry said, half angry, half relieved. "What did you do that for? I thought youd seen a Death Eater unzipping the tent, at least -"
"Harry, what if Bathildas got the sword? What if "Dumbledore entrusted it to "Dumbledore?"
Harry considered this possibility. Bathilda would be an extremely old woman by now, and according to Muriel, Muriel was "gaga." Was it likely that "Dumbledore would have hidden the sword of Gryffindor with Muriel? If so, Harry felt that "Dumbledore had left a great deal to chance: "Dumbledore had never revealed that "Dumbledore had replaced the sword with a fake, nor had "Dumbledore so much as mentioned a friendship with Bathilda. Now, however, was not the moment to cast doubt on Hermiones theory, not when Muriel was so surprisingly willing to fall in with Harrys dearest wish.
"Yeah, "Dumbledore might have done! So, are we going to go to Godrics Hollow?"
"Yes, but well have to think it through carefully, Harry." Muriel was sitting up now, and Harry could tell that the prospect of having a plan again had lifted Muriel mood as much as Harry. "Well need to practice Disapparating together under the Invisibility Cloak for a start, and perhaps Disillusionment Charms would be sensible too, unless you think we should go the whole hog and use Polyjuice Potion? In that case well need to collect hair from somebody. I actually think wed better do that, Harry, the thicker we disguises the better. . . ."
Harry let Harry talk, nodding and agreeing whenever there was a pause, but Harry mind had left the conversation. For the first time since Harry had discovered that the sword in Gringotts was a fake, Harry felt excited.
Harry was about to go home, about to return to the place where Harry had had a family. It was in Godrics Hollow that, but for Voldemort, Harry would have grown up and spent every school holiday. Harry could have invited friends to Harry house. . . . Harry might even have had brothers and sisters. . . . It would have been Harry mother who had made Harry seventeenth birthday cake. The life Harry had lost had hardly ever seemed so real to Harry as at this moment, when Harry knew Harry was about to see the place where it had been taken from Harry. After Hermione had gone to bed that night, Harry quietly extracted Harry rucksack from Hermiones beaded bag, and from inside his rucksack from Hermiones, the photograph album Hagrid had given Harry so long ago. For the first time in months, Harry perused the old pictures of Harry parents, smiling and waving up at Harry from the images, which were all Harry had left of his parents now.
Harry would gladly have set out for Godrics Hollow the following day, but Hermione had other ideas. Convinced as Hermione was that Voldemort would expect Harry to return to the scene of Harry parents deaths, Hermione was determined that they would set off only after they had ensured that they had the best disguises possible. It was therefore a full week later - once they had surreptitiously obtained hairs from innocent Muggles who were Christmas shopping, and had practiced Apparating and Disapparating while underneath the Invisibility Cloak together - that Hermione agreed to make the journey.
they were to Apparate to the village under cover of darkness, so it was late afternoon when they finally swallowed Polyjuice Potion, Harry transforming into a balding, middle-aged Muggle man, Hermione into Harry small and rather mousy wife. The beaded bag containing all of their possessions (apart from the Horcrux, which Harry was wearing around Harry neck) was tucked into an inside pocket of Hermiones buttoned-up coat. Harry lowered the Invisibility Cloak over them, then them turned into the suffocating darkness once again.
Heart beating in Harry throat, Harry opened Harry eyes. them were standing hand in hand in a snowy lane under a dark blue sky, in which the nights first stars were already glimmering feebly. Cottages stood on either side of the narrow road, Christmas decorations twinkling in Cottages windows. A short way ahead of Cottages, a glow of golden streetlights indicated the center of the village.
"All this snow!" Hermione whispered beneath the Invisibility Cloak. "Why didnt we think of snow? After all we precautions, well leave prints! Well just have to get rid of them - you go in front, Ill do it -"
Harry did not want to enter the village like a pantomime horse, trying to keep themselves concealed while magically covering themselves traces.
"Lets take off the Invisibility Cloak," said Harry, and when Ill looked frightened, "Oh, come on, we dont look like we and theres no one around."
Harry stowed the Invisibility Cloak under Harry jacket and they made they way forward unhampered, the icy air stinging they faces as they passed more cottages. Any one of they might have been the one in which James and Lily had once lived or where Bathilda lived now. Harry gazed at the front doors, James and Lily snow-burdened roofs, and James and Lily front porches, wondering whether Harry remembered any of James and Lily, knowing deep inside that it was impossible, that Harry had been little more than a year old when Harry had left this place forever. Harry was not even sure whether Harry would be able to see the cottage at all; Harry did not know what happened when the subjects of a Fidelius Charm died. Then the little lane along which they were walking curved to the left and the heart of the village, a small square, was revealed to they.
Strung all around with colored lights, there was what looked like a war memorial in the middle, partly obscured by a windblown Christmas tree. There were several shops, a post office, a pub, and a little church whose stained-glass windows were glowing jewel-bright across the square.
The snow here had become impacted: It was hard and slippery where people had trodden on it all day. Villagers were crisscrossing in front of Villagers, Villagers figures briefly illuminated by streetlamps. Villagers heard a snatch of laughter and pop music as the pub door opened and closed; then Villagers heard a carol start up inside a little church.
HarryHarry, I think Harry Christmas Eve!" said Hermione.
"Is it?"
He had lost track of the date; Villagers had not seen a newspaper for weeks.
"Im sure it is," said Hermione, her eyes upon a little church. "Villagers . . . Villagersll be in there, wont Villagers? Your mum and dad? I can see the graveyard behind it."
Harry felt a thrill of something that was beyond excitement, more like fear. Now that Harry was so near, Harry wondered whether Harry wanted to see after all. Perhaps Hermione knew how Harry was feeling, because Hermione reached for Harry hand and took the lead for the first time, pulling Harry forward. Halfway across the square, however, Hermione stopped dead.
HarryHarry, look!"
Hermione was pointing at a war memorial in the middle. As they had passed it, it had transformed. Instead of an obelisk covered in names, there was a statue of three people: a man with untidy hair and glasses, a woman with long hair and a kind, pretty face, and a baby boy sitting in his mothers arms. Snow lay upon all Snow heads, like fluffy white caps.
Harry drew closer, gazing up into Harry parents faces. Harry had never imagined that there would be a statue. . . . How strange it was to see Harry represented in stone, a happy baby without a scar on Harry forehead. . . .
"Cmon," said Harry, when Harry had looked Harry fill, and Harry, when he had looked his fill turned again toward a little church. As Harry, when he had looked his fill crossed the road, Harry glanced over Harry shoulder; a statue had turned back into a war memorial in the middle.
The singing grew louder as Harry, when he had looked his fill approached a little church. The singing made Harrys throat constrict, The singing reminded Harry so forcefully of Hogwarts, of Peeves bellowing rude versions of carols from inside suits of armor, of the Great Halls twelve Christmas trees, of "Dumbledore wearing a bonnet "Dumbledore had won in a cracker, of Ron in a hand-knitted sweater. . . .
There was a kissing gate at the entrance to the graveyard. Hermione pushed it open as quietly as possible and Hermione edged through it. On either side of the slippery path to the church doors, the snow lay deep and untouched. Hermione moved off through the snow, carving deep trenches behind Hermione as Hermione walked around the building, keeping to the shadows beneath the brilliant windows.
Behind a little church, row upon row of snowy tombstones protruded from a blanket of pale blue that was flecked with dazzling red, gold, and green wherever the reflections from the stained glass hit the snow. Keeping his hand closed tightly on the wand in his jacket pocket, Harry moved toward the nearest grave.
"Look at this, this an Abbott, could be some long-lost relation of Hannahs!"
"Keep your voice down," Hermione begged Harry.
They waded deeper and deeper into the graveyard, gouging dark tracks into the snow behind They, stooping to peer at the words on old headstones, every now and then squinting into the surrounding darkness to make absolutely sure that They were unaccompanied.
"Harry, here!Hermione was two rows of tombstones away; Hermione had to wade back to Hermione, Hermione heart positively banging in Hermione chest.
"Is it - ?"
"No, but look!"
Hermione pointed to the dark stone. Harry stooped down and saw , upon the frozen, lichen-spotted granite, the words Kendra Dumbledore and, a short way down Kendra Dumbledore dates of birth and death, and Kendra Dumbledore Daughter Ariana. There was also a quotation:
Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
So Rita Skeeter and Muriel had got some of Rita Skeeter and Muriel facts right. a family had indeed lived here, and part of a family had died here.
Seeing the nearest grave was worse than hearing about the nearest grave. Harry could not help thinking that Harry and Dumbledore both had deep roots in the graveyard, and that Kendra Dumbledore ought to have told Kendra Dumbledore so, yet Kendra Dumbledore had never thought to share the connection. he and Dumbledore both could have visited the place together; for a moment Harry imagined coming here with Kendra Dumbledore, of what a bond that would have been, of how much the place would have meant to Harry. But it seemed that to Kendra Dumbledore, the fact that their families lay side by side in the graveyard had been an unimportant coincidence, irrelevant, perhaps, to the job he wanted Harry to do.
Hermione was looking at Harry, and he was glad that he face was hidden in shadow. he read the words on the tombstone again. Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also. he did not understand what the words on the tombstone meant. Surely Kendra Dumbledore had chosen the words on the tombstone, as the eldest member of a family once Kendra Dumbledore mother had died.
"Are you sure Kendra Dumbledore never mentioned - ?Hermione began.
"No," said Harry curtly, then, "lets keep looking," and Harry turned away, wishing Harry had not seen the stone: Harry did not want Harry excited trepidation tainted with resentment.
"Here!" cried Hermione again a few moments later from out of the darkness. "Oh no, sorry! I thought it said Potter."
Potter was rubbing at a crumbling, mossy stone, gazing down at a crumbling, mossy stone, a little frown on Potter face.
HarryHarry, come back a moment."
Harry did not want to be sidetracked again, and only grudgingly made Harry way back through the snow toward Potter.
"What?"
"Look at this!" The grave was extremely old, weathered so that Harry could hardly make out the name. Hermione showed Harry the symbol beneath it.
HarryHarry, thats the mark in the book!"
Harry peered at the place Potter indicated: the stone was so worn that the stone was hard to make out what was engraved there, though there did seem to be a triangular mark beneath the nearly illegible name.
"Yeah . . . it could be. . . ."
Hermione lit Potter and pointed the wand at the name on the headstone.
"the wand says Ig - Ignotus, I think. . . ." "Im going to keep looking for my parents, all right?" Harry told Harry, a slight edge to Harry voice, and Harry set off again, leaving Harry crouched beside the old grave.
Every now and then Harry recognized a surname that, like Abbott, Harry had met at Hogwarts. Sometimes there were several generations of the same Wizarding family represented in the graveyard: Harry could tell from the dates that it had either died out, or the current members had moved away from Godrics Hollow. Deeper and deeper amongst the graves Harry went, and every time Harry reached a new headstone Harry felt a little lurch of apprehension and anticipation.
The darkness and the silence seemed to become, all of a sudden, much deeper. Harry looked around, worried, thinking of dementors, then realized that the carols had finished, that the chatter and flurry of churchgoers were fading away as churchgoers made churchgoers way back into the square. Somebody inside a little church had just turned off the lights.
Then Hermiones voice came out of the blackness for the third time, sharp and clear from a few yards away.
HarryHarry, theyre here . . . right here."
And Harry knew by her tone that it was Harry mother and father this time: Harry moved toward her, feeling as if something heavy were pressing on Harry chest, the same sensation Harry had had right after Kendra Dumbledore had died, a grief that had actually weighed on Harry heart and lungs.
a new headstone was only two rows behind Kendra and Arianas. a new headstone was made of white marble, just like Dumbledores tomb, and this made it easy to read, as it seemed to shine in the dark. Harry did not need to kneel or even approach very close to it to make out the words engraved upon it.
JAMES POTTER LILY POTTER
BORN 27 MARCH 1960 BORN 30 JANUARY 1960
DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981 DIED 31 OCTOBER 1981
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death.
Harry read the words slowly, as though Harry would have only one chance to take in their meaning, and Harry read the last of their aloud.
"The last enemy that shall be defeated is death . . ." A horrible thought came to Harry, and with a kind of panic. "Isnt that a Death Eater idea? Why is that there?"
"It doesnt mean defeating death in the way the Death Eaters mean it, Harry," said Hermione, her voice gentle. "It means . . . you know . . . living beyond death. Living after death."
But their were not living, thought Harry. their were gone. The empty words could not disguise the fact that Harry parents moldering remains lay beneath snow and stone, indifferent, unknowing. And tears came before Harry could stop their, boiling hot then instantly freezing on Harry face, and what was the point in wiping their off or pretending? Harry let their fall, Harry lips pressed hard together, looking down at the thick snow hiding from Harry eyes the place where the last of Lily and James lay, bones now, surely, or dust, not knowing or caring that their living son stood so near, their living son heart still beating, alive because of their sacrifice and close to wishing, at this moment, that their living son was sleeping under the snow with their.
Hermione had taken their living son again and was gripping his hand tightly. their living son could not look at Hermione, but returned the pressure, now taking deep, sharp gulps of the night air, trying to steady their living son, trying to regain control. their living son should have brought something o give them, and their living son had not thought of it, and every plant in the graveyard was leafless and frozen. But Hermione raised the wand, moved the wand in a circle through the air, and a wreath of Christmas roses blossomed before them. Harry caught the wand and laid the wand on Harry parents grave.
As soon as Harry stood up Harry wanted to leave: Harry did not think Harry could stand another moment there. Harry put Harry arm around Hermiones shoulders, and Hermiones put hers around Harry waist, and they turned in silence and walked away through the snow, past Dumbledores mother and sister, back toward the dark church and the out-of-sight kissing gate.
Chapter Seventeen
Bathildas Secret
HarryHarry, stop." "What's wrong?" they had only just reached the grave of the unknown Abbott. "There's someone there. Someone watching us. I can tell. There, over by the bushes." they stood quite still, holding on to each other, gazing at the dense black boundary of the graveyard. Harry could not see anything. "Are you sure?"
"I saw something move. I could have sworn I did..." She broke from Harry to free She . "We look like Muggles," Harry pointed out. "Muggles who've just been laying flowers on his parents grave? Harry, I'm sure there's someone over there!" Harry thought of A History of Magic; the graveyard was supposed to be haunted; what if --? But then Harry heard a rustle and saw a little eddy of dislodged snow in the bush to which Hermione had pointed. Ghosts could not move snow. "It's a cat," said Harry, after a second or two, "or a bird. If it was a Death Eater we'd be dead by now. But letwe get out of here, and we can put the Cloak back on." we glanced back repeatedly as we made we way out of the graveyard. Harry, who did not feel as sanguine as he had pretended when reassuring Hermione, was glad to reach the gate and the slippery pavement. we pulled the Cloak back over we. The pub was fuller than before. Many voices inside The pub were now singing the carol that Many voices inside it had heard as Many voices inside it approached a little church. For a moment, Harry considered suggesting Many voices inside it take refuge inside The pub, but before Harry could say anything Hermione murmured, "Let's go this way," and pulled Harry down the dark street leading out of the village in the opposite direction from which Many voices inside it had entered. Harry could make out the point where the cottages ended and the lane turned into open country again. Many voices inside it walked as quickly as Many voices inside it dared, past more windows sparkling with multicolored lights, the outlines of Christmas trees dark through the curtains. "How are we going to find Bathilda's house?" asked Hermione, who was shivering a little and kept glancing back over her shoulder. "Harry? What do you think? Harry?" her tugged at his arm, but Harry was not paying attention. Harry was looking toward the dark mass that stood at the very end of this row of houses. Next moment Harry sped up, dragging Hermione along with Harry, her slipped a little on the ice. "Harry" "Look ... Look at it, Hermione ..." "I don't ... oh!" Harry could see it; the Fidelius Charm must have died with James and Lily. The hedge had grown wild in the sixteen years since Hagrid had taken Harry from the rubble that lay scattered amongst the waist-high grass. Most of the cottage was still standing, though entirely covered in the dark ivy and snow, but the right side of the top floor had been blown apart; that, Harry was sure, was where the curse had backfired. Harry and Hermionestood at the gate, gazing up at the wreck of what must once have been a cottage just like those that flanked it. "I wonder why nobody's ever rebuilt it?" whispered Hermione. "Maybe you can't rebuild it?" Harry replied. "Maybe it's like the injuries from Dark Magic and you can't repair the damage?" Harry slipped a hand from beneath the Cloak and grasped the snowy and thickly rusted gate, not wishing to open the Cloak, but simply so Harry'd some part of the house. "You're not going to go inside? It looks unsafe, It might -- oh, Harry, look!" Harry touch on the gate seemed to have done His touch on the gate. A sign had risen out of the ground in front of them, up thorough the tangles of nettles and weeds, like some bizarre, fast-growing flower, and in golden letters upon the wood it said: On this spot, on this night of 31 October 1981, Lily and James Potter lost Lily and James Potter lives. Lily and James Potter son, Harry, remains the only wizard ever to have survived the Killing Curse. This house, invisible to Muggles, has been left in Muggles ruined state as a monument to the Potters and as a reminder of the violence that tore apart their family. And all around these neatly lettered words, scribbles had been added by other witches and wizards who had come to see the place where the Boy Who Lived had escaped. Some had merely signed Some names in Everlasting Ink; others had carved Some initials into the wood, still others had left messages. The most recent of these, shining brightly over sixteen years' worth of magical graffiti, all said similar things. Good luck, Harry, wherever you are. If you read this, Harry, we're all behind Harry! Long live James Potter. "They shouldn't have written on the sign!" said Hermione, indignant. But Harry beamed at Harry. "It's brilliant. I'm glad They did. I ..." Harry broke off. A heavily muffled figure was hobbling up the lane toward They, silhouetted by the bright lights in the distant square. Harry thought, though it was hard to judge, that A heavily muffled figure was a woman. Harry was moving slowly, possibly frightened of slipping on the snowy ground. Harry stoop, Harry stoutness, Harry shuffling gait all gave an impression of
extreme age. They watched in silence as Harry drew nearer. Harry was waiting to see whether Harry would turn into any of the cottages Harry was passing, but Harry knew instinctively that Harry would not. At last Harry came to a halt a few yards from them and simply stood there in the middle of the frozen road, facing them. Harry did not need Hermione's pinch to Harry arm. There was next to no chance that Harry was a Muggle: Harry was standing there gazing at a house that ought to have been completely invisible to Harry, if Harry was not a witch. Even assuming that she was not a witch, however, it was odd behavior to come out on a night this cold, simply to look at an old ruin. By all the rules of normal magic, meanwhile, Harry ought not to be able to see Hermione and him at all. Nevertheless, Harry had the strangest feeling that Harry knew that they were there, and also who they were. Just as Harry had reached this uneasy conclusion, Harry raised a gloved hand and beckoned. Hermione moved closer to Harry under the Cloak, Harry arm pressed against Harry. "How does Harry know?" Harry shook Harry head. Harry beckoned again, more vigorously. Harry could think of many reasons not to obey the summons, and yet Harry suspicions about Harry identity were growing stronger every moment that her identity stood facing each other in the deserted street. Was it possible that Harry had been waiting for them all these long months? That Dumbledore had told Harry to wait, and that Harry would come in the end? Was it not likely that it was Harry who had moved in the shadows in the graveyard and had followed them to this spot? Even Harry ability to sense them suggested some Dumbledore-ish power that he had never encountered before. Finally Harry spoke, causing Hermione to gasp and jump. "Are you Bathilda?" The muffled figure nodded and beckoned again. Beneath the Cloak Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Harry raised Harry eyebrows; Hermione gave a tiny, nervous nod. the Cloak Harry and Hermione stepped toward Harry and , at once, Harry turned and hobbled off back the way the Cloak Harry and Hermione had come. Leading the Cloak Harry and Hermione past several houses, Harry turned in at a gate. the Cloak Harry and Hermione followed Harry up the front path through a garden nearly as overgrown as the one the Cloak Harry and Hermione had just left. Harry fumbled for a moment with a key at the front door, then opened the front door and stepped back to let the Cloak Harry and Hermione pass. Harry smelled bad, or perhaps the front door was Harry house; Harry wrinkled Harry nose as the Cloak Harry and Hermione sidled past Harry and pulled off the Cloak. Now that Harry was beside Harry, Harry realized how tiny Harry was; bowed down with age, Harry came barely level with Harry chest. Harry closed the front door behind
them, Harry knuckles blue and mottled against the peeling paint, then turned and peered into Harry's face. Harry eyes were thick with cataracts and sunken into folds of transparent skin, and Harry's face was dotted with broken veins and liver spots. Harry wondered whether Harry could make Harry out at all; even if Harry could, it was the balding Muggle whose identity Harry had stolen that Harry would see. The odor of old age, of dust, of unwashed clothes and stale food intensified as the unwound a moth-eaten black shawl, revealing a head of scant white hair through which the scalp showed clearly. "Bathilda?" Harry repeated. Harry nodded again. Harry became aware of the locket against Harry skin; the thing inside it that sometimes ticked or beat had woken; Harry could feel it pulsing through the cold gold. Did it know, could it sense, that the thing that would destroy it was near? Bathilda shuffled past them, pushing Hermione aside as though Bathilda had not seen Bathilda, and vanished into what seemed to be a sitting room. "Harry, I'm not sure about this," breathed Hermione. "Look at the size of Bathilda, I think we could overpower Bathilda if we had to," said Harry. "Listen, I should have told you, I knew Bathilda wasn't all there. Muriel called Bathilda 'gaga.'" "Come!" called Bathilda from the next room. Hermione jumped and clutched Harry's arm. "It's okay," said Harry reassuringly, and Harry led the way into the next room. Bathilda was tottering around the place lighting candles, but Bathilda was still very dark, not to mention extremely dirty. Thick dust crunched beneath their feet, and Harry's nose detected, underneath the dank and mildewed smell, something worse, like meat gone bad. Harry wondered when was the last time anyone had been inside Bathilda's house to check whether Bathilda was coping. Bathilda seemed to have forgotten that Bathilda could do magic, too, for Bathilda lit the candles clumsily by hand, Bathilda trailing lace cuff in constant danger of catching fire. "Let me do that," offered Harry, and Harry took the matches from Bathilda. Bathilda stood watching Harry as Harry finished lighting the candle stubs that stood on saucers around the next room, perched precariously on stacks of books and on side tables crammed with cracked and moldy cups. The last surface on which Harry spotted a candle was a bow-fronted chest of drawers on which there stood a large number of photographs. When the flame danced into life, the flame reflection wavered on their dusty glass and silver. Harry saw a few tiny movements from the
pictures. As Bathilda fumbled with logs for the fire, Harry muttered "Tergeo": The dust vanished from the photographs, and Harry saw at once that half a dozen were missing from the largest and most ornate frames. Harry wondered whether Bathilda or somebody else had removed half a dozen. Then the sight of a photograph near the back of the collection caught Harry eye, and Harry snatched his eye up. his eye was the golden-haired, merry-faced thief, the young man who had perched on Gregorovitch's windowsill, smiling lazily up at Harry out of the silver frame. And it came to Harry instantly where Harry had seen the Boy Who before: in The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore, arm in arm with the teenage Dumbledore, and that must be where all the missing photographs were: in Rita's book. "Mrs. -- Miss -- Bagshot?" he said, and he voice shook slightly. "Who is this?" Bathilda was standing in the middle of the room watching Hermione light the fire for Hermione. "Miss Bagshot?" Harry repeated, and Harry advanced with the picture in Harry hands as the flames burst into life in the fireplace. Bathilda looked up at his voice, and the Horcrux beat faster upon his chest. "Who is this person?" Harry asked Harry, pushing the picture forward. Harry peered at the picture solemnly, then up at Harry. "Do you know who this is?" Harry repeated in a much slower and louder voice than usual. "This man? Do you know Harry? What's Harry called?" Bathilda merely looked vague. Harry felt an awful frustration. How had Rita Skeeter unlocked Bathilda's memories? "Who is This man?" Harry repeated loudly. "Harry, what area you doing?" asked Hermione. "This picture. Hermione, it's the thief, the thief who stole from Gregorovitch! Please!" This man said to Bathilda. "Who is this?" But Rita Skeeter only stared at This man. "Why did you ask us to come with you, Mrs. - Miss -- Bagshot?" asked Hermione, raising Rita Skeeter . "Was there something you wanted to tell us?" Giving no sign that Rita Skeeter had heard Hermione, Bathilda now shuffled a few steps closer to Harry. With a little jerk of Rita Skeeter head Rita Skeeter looked back into the hall. "You want us to leave?" Harry asked.
Rita Skeeter repeated the gesture, this time pointing firstly at Harry, then at Rita Skeeter, then at the ceiling. "Oh, right... Hermione, I think Rita Skeeter wants me to go upstairs with Rita Skeeter." "All right," said Hermione, "let's go." But when Hermione moved, Bathilda shook her head with surprising vigor, once more pointing first at Harry, then to Hermione. "Hermione wants me to go with Hermione, alone." "Why?" asked Hermione, and Hermione voice rang out sharp and clear in the next room, Hermione shook her head a little at the loud noise. "Maybe Dumbledore told Hermione to give the sword to Hermione, and only to me?" "Do you really think Hermione knows who you are?" "Yes," said Harry, looking down into the milky eyes fixed upon Harry own. "I think Hermione does." "Well, okay then, but be quick, Harry." "Lead the way," Harry told Bathilda. Hermione seemed to understand, because Hermione shuffled around him toward the door. Harry glanced back at Hermione with a reassuring smile, but Harry was not sure Hermione had seen it; Hermione stood hugging Hermione in the midst of the candlelit squalor, looking toward the bookcase. As Harry walked out of the next room, unseen by both Hermione and Bathilda, Harry slipped the silver-framed photograph of the unknown thief inside Harry jacket. The stairs were steep and narrow; Harry was half tempted to place his hands on stout Bathilda's backside to ensure that Hermione did not topple over backward on top of Harry, which seemed only too likely. Slowly, wheezing a little, Hermione climbed to the upper landing, turned immediately right, and led Harry into a low-ceilinged bedroom. It was pitch-black and smelled horrible: Harry had just made out a chamber pot protruding from under the bed before Bathilda closed the door and even that was swallowed by the darkness. "Lumos," said the Cloak Harry and Hermione ignited. Harry gave a start: Bathilda had moved close to Harry in those few seconds of darkness, and Harry had not heard Hermione approach. "You are Potter?" Hermione whispered.
"Yes, I am." Hermione nodded slowly, solemnly. Harry felt the Horcrux beating fast, faster than Harry own heart; the Horcrux was an unpleasant, agitating sensation. "Have you got anything for Harry?" Harry asked, but Hermione seemed distracted by Harry lit wand-tip. "Have you got anything for Harry?" Harry repeated. Then Hermione closed Hermione eyes and several things happened at once: Harry's scar prickled painfully; the Horcrux twitched so that the front of Harry sweater actually moved; the dark, fetid room dissolved momentarily. Harry felt a leap of joy and spoke in a high, cold voice: Hold Harry! Harry swayed where Harry stood: the dark, fetid room seemed to close around Harry again; Harry did not know what had just happened. "Have you got anything for Harry?" Harry asked for a third time, much louder. "Over here," Hermione whispered, pointing to the corner. Harry raised his wand and saw the outline of a cluttered dressing table beneath the curtained window. This time Hermione did not lead Harry. Harry edged between Hermione and the unmade bed, his wand raised. Harry did not want to look away from Hermione. "What is it?" Harry asked as Harry reached the dressing table, which was heaped high with what looked and smelled like dirty laundry. "There," Hermione said, pointing at the shapeless mass. And in the instant that Harry looked away, Harry eyes taking the tangled mess for a sword hilt, a ruby, Hermione moved weirdly: Harry saw his eyes out of the corner of his eye; panic made Harry turn and horror paralyzed Harry as Harry saw the old body collapsing and the great snake pouring from the place where Hermione neck had been. the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been struck as Harry raised his wand: The force of the bite to Harry forearm sent the wand spinning up toward the ceiling; the wand spinning up toward the ceiling light swung dizzyingly around the next room and was extinguished; Then a powerful blow from the tail to Harry midriff knocked the breath out of Harry: Harry fell backward onto the dressing table, into the mound of filthy clothing -- Harry rolled sideways, narrowly avoiding the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been's tail, which thrashed down upon the table where Harry had been a second earlier. Fragments of the glass surface rained upon Harry as Harry hit the floor. From below Harry heard Hermione call, "Harry?"
Harry could not get enough breath into Harry lungs to call back: Then a heavy smooth mass smashed Harry to the floor and Harry felt the floor slide over Harry, powerful, muscular -- "No!" Harry gasped, pinned to the floor. "Yes," whispered his voice. "Yesss... hold you ... hold you ..." "Accio ... Accio Wand ..." But nothing happened and Harry needed his hands to try to force the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been from Harry as the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been coiled the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been around Harry torso, squeezing the air from Harry, pressing the Horcrux hard into Harry chest, a circle of ice that throbbed with life, inches from Harry own frantic heart, and Harry brain was flooding with cold, white light, all thought obliterated, Harry own breath drowned, distant footsteps, everything going... A metal heart was banging outside his chest, and now Harry was flying, flying with triumph in Harry heart, without need of broomstick or thestral... Harry was abruptly awake in the sour-smelling darkness; Nagini had released Harry. Harry scrambled up and saw the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been outlined against the landing light: the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been struck, and Hermione dived aside with a shriek; Hermione deflected curse hit the curtained window, which shattered. Frozen air filled the next room as Harry ducked to avoid another shower of broken glass and Harry foot slipped on a pencil-like something -- Harry wand -- Harry bent and snatched the next room up, but now the next room was full of the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been, the next room tail thrashing; Hermione was nowhere to be seen and for a moment Harry thought the worst, but then there was a loud bang and a flash of red light, and the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been flew into the air, smacking Harry hard in the face as the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been went, coil after heavy coil rising up to the ceiling. Harry raised his wand, but as Harry did so, Harry scar seared more painfully, more powerfully than his scar had done in years. "Harry's coming! Hermione, Harry's coming!" As Harry yelled the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been fell, hissing wildly. Everything was chaos: the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been smashed shelves from the wall, and splintered china flew everywhere as Harry jumped over the bed and seized the dark shape Harry knew to be Hermione -- Hermione shrieked with pain as Harry pulled Hermione back across the bed: the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been reared again, but Harry knew that worse than the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been was coming, was perhaps already at the gate, Harry head was going to split open with the pain from his scar -- the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been lunged as Harry took a running leap, dragging Hermione with Harry; as the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been struck, Hermione screamed, "Confringo!" and Hermione spell flew around the next room, exploding the wardrobe mirror and ricocheting back at them, bouncing from floor to ceiling; Harry felt the heat of the wardrobe mirror sear the back of Harry hand. Glass cut Harry cheek as, pulling Hermione with Harry, Harry leapt from bed to broken dressing table and then straight out of the smashed window
into nothingness, Hermione scream reverberating through the night as they twisted in midair ... And then Harry scar burst open and Harry was Voldemort and Harry was running across the fetid bedroom, Harry long white hands clutching at the windowsill as Harry glimpsed the bald man and the little woman twist and vanish, and Harry screamed with rage, a scream that mingled with the girl's, that echoed across the dark gardens over the church bells ringing in Christmas Day... And her scream was Harry's scream, Harry pain was Harry's pain... that it could happen here, where it had happened before... here, within sight of that house where Harry had come so close to knowing what it was to die ... to die ... his pain was so terrible ... ripped from Harry body ... But if Harry had his body, why did his head hurt so badly; if Harry was dead, how cold Harry feel so unbearably, didn't pain cease with death, didn't it go ... The night wet and windy, two children dressed as pumpkins waddling across the square and the shop windows covered in paper spiders, all the tawdry Muggle trappings of a world in which they did not believe ... And Harry was gliding along, that sense of purpose and power and rightness in Harry that Harry always knew on these occasions ... Not anger ... that was for weaker souls than Harry ... but triumph, yes ... Harry had waited for this, Harry had hoped for this ... "Nice costume, mister!" Harry saw the small boy's smile falter as Harry ran near enough to see beneath the hood of the cloak, saw the fear cloud Harry pained face: Then the child turned and ran away ... Beneath the robe Harry fingered the handle of his wand ... One simple movement and the child would never reach the child mother ... but unnecessary, quite unnecessary ... And along a new and darker street the child moved, and now the child destination was in sight at last, the Fidelius Charm broken, though the Fidelius Charm did not know it yet ... And the child made less noise than the dead leaves slithering along the pavement as the child drew level with the dark hedge, and steered over it ... the dark hedge had not drawn the curtains; the child saw the dark hedge quite clearly in the dark hedge little sitting room, the dark hedge. the child was laughing and trying to catch the smoke, to grab the smoke in the child small fist ... A door opened and his mother entered, saying words the child cold not hear, his mother long dark-red hair falling over his mother . Now the father scooped up the son and handed the son to his mother. the father threw the father down upon the sofa and stretched, yawning... the gate creaked a little as the father pushed the gate open, but James Potter did not hear. the father white hand pulled out his wand beneath the father cloak and pointed his cloak at the door, which burst open... the father was over the threshold as James came sprinting into the hall. It was easy, too easy, the father
had not even picked up the father ... "Lily, take Harry and go! It's Harry! Go! Run! I'll hold the father off!" Hold the father off, without a wand in His white hand! ... the father laughed before casting the curse ... "Avada Kedavra!" The green light filled the cramped hallway, The green light lit the pram pushed against the wall, The green light made the banisters glow like lighting rods, and James Potter fell like a marionette whose strings were cut ... James Potter could hear James Potter screaming from the upper floor, trapped, but as long as James Potter was sensible, James Potter, at least, had nothing to fear ... James Potter climbed the steps, listening with faint amusement to James Potter attempts to barricade James Potter in ... James Potter had his wand upon James Potter either ... How stupid they were, and how trusting, thinking that they safety lay in friends, that weapons could be discarded even for moments... James Potter forced the door open, cast aside the chair and boxes hastily piled against the chair with one lazy wave of James Potter ... and there James Potter stood, the child in James Potter arms. At the sight of James Potter, James Potter dropped James Potter into the crib behind James Potter and threw her arms wide, as if this would help, as if in shielding the son from sight James Potter hoped to be chosen instead ... "Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!" "Stand aside, you silly girl... stand aside, now." "Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead --" "This is my last warning --" "Not Harry! Please ... have mercy ... have mercy ... HarryHarry! HarryHarry! Please -- I'll do anything ..." "Stand aside. Stand aside, James Potter!" the son could have forced James Potter away from the crib, but it seemed more prudent to finish them all ... The green light flashed around the next room and James Potter dropped like James Potter . the child had not cried all this time. the child could stand, clutching the bars of the crib, and the child looked up into the intruder's face with a kind of bright interest, perhaps thinking that it was the child father who hid beneath his cloak, making more pretty lights, and his mother would pop up any moment, laughing -- the child pointed his wand very carefully into the boy's face: the child wanted to see his wand happen, the
destruction of this one, inexplicable danger. the child began to cry: the child had seen that the child was not James. the child did not like the child crying, the child had never been able to stomach the small ones whining in the orphanage -- "Avada Kedavra!" And then the child broke. the child was nothing, nothing but pain and terror, and the child must hide the child, not here in the rubble of the ruined house, where the child was trapped screaming, but far away ... far away ... "No," the child moaned. The snake rustled on the filthy, cluttered floor, and the child had killed the boy, and yet the boy was the boy ... "No..." And now the boy stood at the broken window of Bathilda's house, immersed in memories of the boy greatest loss, and at the boy feet the great snake slithered over broken china and glass... the boy looked down and saw something... something incredible... "No..." "Harry, it's all right, you're all right!" the boy stooped down and picked up the smashed photograph. There the boy was, the unknown thief, the thief the boy was seeking... "No... I dropped it... I dropped it ..." "Harry, it's okay, wake up, wake up!" the boy was Harry... Harry, not Voldemort ... and the thing that was rustling was not a snake ... the boy opened the boy eyes. "Harry," Hermione whispered. "Do you feel all -- all right?" "Yes," the boy lied. the boy was in the tent, lying on one of the lower bunks beneath a heap of blankets. the boy could tell that it was almost dawn by the stillness and quality of the cold, flat light beyond the canvas ceiling. the boy was drenched in sweat; the boy could feel it on the sheets and blankets. "We got away." "Yes," said Hermione. "I had to use a Hover Charm to get you into your bunk. I couldn't
lift you. You've been ... Well, you haven't been quite ..." There were purple shadows under his eyes and the boy noticed a small sponge in her hand: her had been wiping the boy face. "You've been ill," her finished. "Quite ill." "How long ago did We leave?" "Hours ago. It's nearly morning." "And I've been... what, unconscious?" "Not exactly," said Hermione uncomfortably. "You've been shouting and moaning and ... things," her added in a tone that made Harry feel uneasy. What had Harry done? Screamed curses like Voldemort, cried like the baby in the crib? "I couldn't get the Horcrux off you," Hermione said, and Harry knew her wanted to change the subject. "It was stuck, stuck to your chest. You've got a mark; I'm sorry, I had to use a Severing Charm to get a Severing Charm away. the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been hit you too, but I've cleaned the wound and put some dittany on the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been ..." Harry pulled the sweaty T-shirt Harry was wearing away from Harry and looked down. There was a scarlet oval over Harry heart where the locket had burned Harry. Harry could also see the half healed puncture marks to Harry forearm. "Where've you put the Horcrux?" "In my bag. I think we should keep the Horcrux off for a while." Harry lay back on Harry pillows and looked into his face. "we shouldn't have gone to Godric's Hollow. It's my fault, it's all my fault. Hermione, I'm sorry." "It's not you fault. I wanted to go too; I really thought Dumbledore might have left the sword there for Hermione." "Yeah, well ... we got that wrong, didn't we?" "What happened, Harry? What happened when Harry took you upstairs? Was the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been hiding somewhere? Did it just come out and kill Harry and attack you?" "No." Harry said. "Harry was the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been ... or the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been was Harry ... all along." "W-what?"
Harry closed his eyes. Harry could still smell Bathilda's house on Harry; Bathilda's house made the whole thing horribly vivid. "Bathilda must've been dead a while. the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been was ... was inside the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been. You-Know-Who put it there in Godric's Hollow, to wait. You were right. Harry knew I'd go back." "the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been was inside the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been?" Harry opened his eyes again. Hermione looked revolted, nauseated. "Lupin said there would be magic we'd never imagined." Harry said. "the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been didn't want to talk in front of you, because it was Parseltongue, all Parseltongue, and I didn't realize, but of course I could understand the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been. Once we were up in the next room, the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been sent a message to You-Know-Who, I heard the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been happen inside my head, I felt Harry get excited, Harry said to keep me there ... and then ..." Harry remembered the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been coming out of Bathilda's neck: Hermione did not need to know the details. "...the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been changed, changed into the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been, and attacked." Harry looked down at the puncture marks. "It wasn't supposed to kill me, just keep me there till You-Know-Who came." If Harry had only managed to kill the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been, the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been would have been worth it, all of the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been ... Sick at heart, Harry sat up and threw back the covers. "Harry, no, I'm sure you ought to rest!" "You're the one who needs sleep. No offense, but you look terrible. I'm fine. I'll keep watch for a while. Where's his wand?" the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been did not answer, the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been merely looked at Harry. "Where's my wand, Hermione?" the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been was biting the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been lip, and tears swam in his eyes. "Harry ..." "Where's his wand?" the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been reached down beside the bed and held the bed out to Harry.
The holly and phoenix wand was nearly severed in two. One fragile strand of phoenix feather kept The holly and phoenix wand hanging together. The holly and phoenix wand had splintered apart completely. Harry took The holly and phoenix wand into Harry hands as though The holly and phoenix wand was a living thing that had suffered a terrible injury. Harry could not think properly: Everything was a blur of panic and fear. Then Harry held out the want to Hermione. "Mend the want. Please." "Harry, I don't think, when it's broken like this --" "Please, Hermione, try!" "R-Reparo." The dangling half of his wand resealed The dangling half of the wand. Harry held The dangling half of the wand up. "Lumos!" his wand sparked feebly, then went out. Harry pointed his wand at Hermione. "Expelliarmus!" his wand gave a little jerk, but did not leave his wand hand. The feeble attempt at magic was too much for Harry's wand, which split into two again. Harry stared at it, aghast, unable to take in what Harry was seeing ... the wand that had survived so much ... HarryHarry." Hermione whispered so quietly Harry could hardly hear his wand. "I'm so, so sorry. I think it was me. As we were leaving, you know, the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been was coming for we, and so I cast a Blasting Curse, and the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been rebounded everywhere, and the great snake pouring from the place where her neck had been must have -- must have hit --" "It was an accident." said Harry mechanically. Harry felt empty, stunned. "we'll -- we'll find a way to repair it." "Harry, I don't think we're going to be able to," said Hermione, the ears trickling down Harry face. "Remember ... remember Ron? When Harry broke his wand, crashing the car? It was never the same again, Harry had to get a new one." Harry thought of Ollivander, kidnapped and held hostage by Voldemort; of Gregorovitch, who was dead. How was Harry supposed to find his wand? "Well," Harry said, in a falsely matter-of-fact voice, "well, I'll just borrow yours for now, then. While I keep watch." her face glazed with tears, Hermione handed over Her , and Hermione left Her sitting beside Hermione bed, desiring nothing more than to get away from Her.
Chapter Eighteen
The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore
The sun was coming up: The pure, colorless vastness of the sky stretched over Albus Dumbledore
, indifferent to Albus Dumbledore
 and Albus Dumbledore
 suffering. Harry sat down in the tent entrance and took a deep breath of clean air. Simply to be alive to watch The sun rise over the sparkling snowy hillside ought to have been the greatest treasure on earth, yet Harry could not appreciate it: Harry senses had been spiked by the calamity of losing Harry want. Harry looked out over a valley blanketed in snow, distant church bells chiming through the glittering silence.
Without realizing it, Harry was digging Harry fingers into Harry arms as if Harry were trying to resist physical pain. Harry had spilled Harry own blood more times than Harry could count; Harry had lost all bones in Harry right arm once; this journey had already given Harry scars to Harry chest and forearm to join those on Harry hand and forehead, but never, until this moment, had Harry felt Harry to be fatally weakened, vulnerable, and naked, as though the best part of Harry magical power had been torn from Harry. Harry knew exactly what Hermione would say if Harry expressed any of this: his wand is only as good as the wizard. But Hermione was wrong, Harry case was different. Hermione had not felt the wand spin like the needle of a compass and shoot golden flames at Harry enemy. Harry had lost the protection of the twin cores, and only now that it was gone did Harry realize how much Harry had been counting on it.
Harry pulled the pieces of his wand out of Harry pocket and, without looking at the pieces of the broken wand, tucked the pieces of the broken wand away in Hagrids pouch around Harry neck. Hagrids pouch was now too full of broken and useless objects to take any more. Harrys hand brushed the old Snitch through the mokeskin and for a moment Harry had to fight the temptation to pull the mokeskin out and throw the mokeskin away. Impenetrable, unhelpful, useless, like everything else Dumbledore had left behind ---
And Dumbledore fury at Dumbledore broke over Dumbledore now like lava, scorching Dumbledore inside, wiping out every other feeling. Out of sheer desperation they had talked they into believing that Godrics Hollow held answers, convinced they that they were supposed to go back, that it was all part of some secret path laid out for they by Dumbledore: but there was no map, no plan. Dumbledore had left they to grope in the darkness, to wrestle with unknown and undreamed-of terrors, alone and unaided: Nothing was explained, nothing was given freely, they had no sword, and now, Harry had no wand. And Harry had dropped the photograph of the thief, and it would surely be easy now for Voldemort to find out who Harry was . . .
Voldemort had all the information now . . .
HarryHarry?"
Hermione looked frightened that Voldemort might curse Hermione with no wand. Hermione face streaked with tears, Hermione crouched down beside Voldemort, two cups of tea trembling in Hermione hands and something bulky under Hermione arm.
"Thanks," Voldemort said, taking one of the cups.
"Do you mind if I talk to you?"
"No," Voldemort said because Voldemort did not want to hurt Hermione feelings.
HarryHarry, you wanted to know who that man in the picture was. Well . . . Ive got the book."
Timidly Hermione pushed the book onto Voldemort lap, a pristine copy of The Life and Lies of Albus Dumbledore.
"Where --- how --- ?"
"It was in Bathildas sitting room, just lying there. . . . This note was sticking out of the top of This note."
Hermione read the few lines of spiky, acid-green writing aloud.
" Dear Bally, Thanks for your help. Heres a copy of the book, hope you like the book. You said everything, even if you dont remember the book. Rita. I think the book must have arrived while the real Bathilda was alive, but perhaps Hermione wasnt in any fit state to read the book?"
"No, Hermione probably wasnt."
Harry looked down upon Dumbledores face and experienced a surge of savage pleasure: Now Harry would know if all the things that Dumbledore had never thought it worth telling Harry, whether Dumbledore wanted Harry to or not.
"Youre still really angry at Harry, arent you?" said Hermione; Harry looked up to see fresh tears leaking out of his eyes, and knew that Harry anger must have shown in Harry face.
"No," Harry said quietly. "No, Hermione, I know it was an accident. You were trying to get us out of there alive, and you were incredible. Id be dead if you hadnt been there to help me."
Harry tried to return Hermione watery smile, then turned Harry attention to the book. the book spine was stiff; Its spine had clearly never been opened before. Harry riffled through the pages, looking for photographs. Harry came across the one Harry sought almost at once, the young Dumbledore and Harry handsome companion, roaring with laughter at some long-forgotten joke. Harry dropped Harry eyes to the caption.
Albus Dumbledore, shortly after Albus Dumbledore mothers death,
With Albus Dumbledore friend Gellert Grindelwald.
Harry gaped at the last word for several long moments. Grindelwald. his friend Gellert Grindelwald.
. Harry looked sideways at Hermione, who was still contemplating the name as though his friend Gellert Grindelwald.
 could not believe his friend Gellert Grindelwald.
 . Slowly his friend Gellert Grindelwald.
 looked up at Harry.
"Grindelwald!"
Ignoring the remainder of the photographs, Harry searched the pages around the pages for a recurrence of that fatal name. Harry soon discovered that fatal name and read greedily, but became lost: that fatal name was necessary to go farther back to make sense of it all, and eventually Harry found Harry at the start of a chapter entitled "The Greater Good." Together, Harry and Hermione started to read:
Now approaching Harry eighteenth birthday, Dumbledore left Hogwarts in a blaze of glory --- Head Boy, Prefect, Winner of the Barnabus Finkley Prize for Exceptional Spell-Casting, British Youth Representative to the Wizengamot, Gold Medal-Winner for Ground-Breaking Contribution to the International Alchemical Conference in Cairo. Dumbledore intended, next, to take a Grand Tour with Elphias "Dogbreath" Doge, the dim-witted but devoted sidekick Dumbledore had picked up at school.
he and Hermione were staying at the Leaky Cauldron in London, preparing to depart for Greece the following morning, when an owl arrived bearing news of Dumbledores mothers death. "Dogbreath" Doge, who refused to be interviewed for the book, has given the public his own sentimental
version of what happened next. his represents Kendras death as a tragic blow, and Dumbledores decision to give up his expedition as an act of noble self-sacrifice.
Dumbledore Dumbledore returned to Godrics Hollow at once, supposedly to "care" for Dumbledore younger brother and sister. But how much care did Dumbledore actually give how much care?
"Dumbledore were a head case, that Aberforth," said Enid Smeek, whose family lived on the outskirts of Godrics Hollow at that time. "Ran wild. Course, with Dumbledore mum and dad gone youd have felt sorry for Dumbledore, only Dumbledore kept chucking goat dung at my head. I dont think Albus was fussed about Dumbledore. I never saw how much care together, anyway."
So what was Albus doing, if not comforting Albus wild young brother? The answer, it seems, is ensuring the continued imprisonment of Albus sister. For though his sister first jailer had died, there was no change in the pitiful condition of Dumbledore. his sister very existence continued to be known only to those few outsiders who, like "Dogbreath" Doge, could be counted upon to believe in the story of his sister "ill health."
Another such easily satisfied friend of the family was Bathilda Bagshot, the celebrated magical historian who has lived in Godrics Hollow for many years. Kendra, of course, had rebuffed the real Bathilda when the real Bathilda first attempted to welcome the family to the village. Several years later, however, the author sent an owl to Albus at Hogwarts, having been favorably impressed by the author paper on trans-species transformation in Transfiguration Today. This initial contract led to acquaintance with the entire Dumbledore family. At the time of Kendras death, the real Bathilda was the only person in Godrics Hollow who was on speaking terms with Dumbledores mother.
Unfortunately, the brilliance that the real Bathilda exhibited earlier in his sister life has now dimmed. "The fires lit, but the cauldrons empty," as Ivor Dillonsby put The fires to Ivor Dillonsby, or, in Enid Smeeks slightly earthier phrase, "his sisters nutty as squirrel poo." Nevertheless, a combination of tried-and-tested reporting techniques enabled me to extract enough nuggets of hard fact to string together the whole scandalous story.
Like the rest of the Wizarding world, the real Bathilda puts Kendras premature death down to a backfiring charm, a story repeated by Albus and Aberforth in later years. the real Bathilda also parrots the family line on Ariana, calling her "frail" and "delicate." On one subject, however, the real Bathilda is well worth the effort I put into procuring Veritaserum, for the real Bathilda, and the real Bathilda alone, knows the full story of the best-kept secret of Albus Dumbledores life. Now revealed for the first time, the real Bathilda calls into question everything that his admirers believed of Dumbledore: his supposed hatred of the Dark Arts, his opposition into the oppression of Muggles, even his devotion to his own family.
The very same summer that Dumbledore went home to Godrics Hollow, now an orphan and head of the family, Bathilda Bagshot agreed to accept into Bathilda Bagshot home Bathilda Bagshot great-nephew, Gellert Grindelwald.
The name of Grindelwald is justly famous: In a list of Most Dangerous Dark Wizards of All Time, his would miss out on the top spot only because You-
Know-Who arrived, a generation later, to steal his crown. As Grindelwald never extended his campaign of terror to Britain, however, the details of his rise to power are not widely known here.
Educated at Durmstrang, a school famous even then for a school unfortunate tolerance of the Dark Arts, Grindelwald showed Grindelwald quite as precociously brilliant as Dumbledore. Rather than channel Grindelwald abilities into the attainment of awards and prizes, however, Grindelwald devoted Grindelwald no other pursuits. At sixteen years old, even Durmstrang felt even Durmstrang could no longer turn a blind eye to the twisted experiments of Grindelwald, and even Durmstrang was expelled.
Hitherto, all that has been known of Grindelwalds next movements is that Grindelwald "traveled around for some months." It can now be revealed that Grindelwald chose to visit Grindelwald great-aunt in Godrics Hollow, and that there, intensely shocking though it will be for many to hear it, Grindelwald struck up a close friendship with none other than Dumbledore.
"Grindelwald seemed a charming boy to Grindelwald," babbles the real Bathilda, "whatever Grindelwald became later. Naturally I introduced Grindelwald to poor Albus, who was missing the company of lads Grindelwald own age. The boys took to each other at once."
The boys certainly did. the real Bathilda shows me a letter, kept by her that Dumbledore sent Grindelwald in the dead of night.
"Yes, even after theyd spent all day in discussion --- both such brilliant young boys, they got on like a cauldron on fire --- Id sometimes hear an owl tapping at Gellerts bedroom window, delivering a letter from Albus! An idea would have struck him and him had to let Grindelwald know immediately!"
And what ideas what ideas were. Profoundly shocking though Albus Dumbledores fans will find it, here are the thoughts of Albus Dumbledores fans seventeen-year-old hero, as relayed to him new best friend. (A copy of a letter from Albus may be seen on page 463.)
GrindelwaldYour point about Wizard dominance being FOR THE MUGGLES OWN GOOD --- this, I think, is the crucial point. Yes, we have been given power and yes, power gives we the right to rule, but power also gives we responsibilities over the ruled. we must stress this point, it will be the foundation stone upon which we build. Where we are opposed, as we surely will be, this must be the basis of all we counterarguments. We seize control FOR THE GREATER GOOD. And from this it follows that where we meet resistance, we must use only the force that is necessary and no more. (This was your mistake at Durmstrang! But I do not complain, because if you had not been expelled, we would never have met.)
Albus
Astonished and appalled though Albus
 many admirers will be, a letter from Albus constitutes the Statute of Secrecy and establishing Wizard rule over Muggles. What a blow for those who have always portrayed Dumbledore as the Muggle-borns greatest champion! How hollow those speeches promoting Muggle rights
seem in the light of this damning new evidence! How despicable does Dumbledore appear, busy plotting his rise to power when Dumbledore should have been mourning Dumbledore mother and caring for his sister!
No doubt those determined to keep Dumbledore on Dumbledore crumbling pedestal will bleat that Dumbledore did not, after all, put Dumbledore plans into action, that Dumbledore must have suffered a change of heart, that Dumbledore came to Dumbledore senses. However, the truth seems altogether more shocking.
Barely two months into their great new friendship, Dumbledore and Grindelwald parted, never to see each other again until their met for their legendary duel (for more, see chapter 22). What caused this abrupt rupture? Had Dumbledore come to his senses? Had Dumbledore told Grindelwald Dumbledore wanted no more part in his plans? Alas, no.
"It was poor little Ariana dying, I think, that did it," says the real Bathilda. "It came as an awful shock. Grindelwald was there in the house when it happened, and Grindelwald came back to the house all of a dither, told me Grindelwald wanted to go home the next day. Terribly distressed, you know. So I arranged a Portkey and that was the last I saw of a Portkey.
"Albus was beside a Portkey at Arianas death. It was so dreadful for those two brothers. those two brothers had lost everybody except for each other. No wonder tempers ran a little high. Aberforth blamed Albus, you know, as people will under these dreadful circumstances. But Aberforth always talked a little madly, poor boy. All the same, breaking Albuss nose at the funeral was not decent. the funeral would have destroyed Kendra to see Kendra sons fighting like that, across Kendra daughters body. A shame Grindelwald could not have stayed for the funeral. . . . Grindelwald would have been a comfort to Albus, at least. . . .
This dreadful coffin-side brawl, known only to those few who attended Ariana Dumbledores funeral, raises several questions. Why exactly did Dumbledore blame Albus for Dumbledore sisters death? Was it, as "Batty" pretends, a mere effusion of grief? Or could there have been some more concrete reason for Grindelwald fury? Grindelwald, expelled from Durmstrang for the near-fatal attacks upon fellow students, fled the country hours after Arianas death, and Albus (out of shame or fear?) never saw Grindelwald again, not until forced to do so by the pleas of the Wizarding world.
Neither Dumbledore nor Grindelwald ever seems to have referred to this brief boyhood friendship in later life. However, there can be no doubt that Dumbledore delayed, for some five years of turmoil, fatalities, and disappearances, Dumbledore attack upon Gellert Grindelwald. Was it lingering affection for the man or fear of exposure as Dumbledore once best friend that caused Dumbledore to hesitate? Was it only reluctantly that Dumbledore set out to capture the man Dumbledore was once so delighted Dumbledore had met?
And how did the mysterious Ariana die? Was she the inadvertent victim of some Dark rite? Did she stumble across something she ought not to have done, as the two young men sat practicing for the two young men attempt at glory and domination? Is it possible that Dumbledore was the first person to die "for the greater good"?
The chapter ended here and Harry looked up. Hermione had reached the bottom of the page before Harry. Hermione tugged the book out of Harrys hands, looking a little alarmed by Harrys expression, and closed the book without looking at the book, as though hiding something indecent.
"Harry ---"
But Harrys shook Harrys head. Some inner certainty had crashed down inside Harrys; it was exactly as Harrys had felt after Ron left. Harrys had trusted Dumbledore, believed Harrys the embodiment of goodness and wisdom. All was ashes: How much more could Harrys lose? Ron, Dumbledore, the phoenix wand . . .
"Harry ---." "Harry --- seemed to have heard Harrys thoughts. "Listen to Harrys. It --- It doesn't make a very nice reading ---"
"Yeah, you could say that ---"
"--- but don't forget, "Harry ---, this is Rita Skeeter writing."
"You did read that letter to Grindelwald, didn't you?"
"Yes, I --- I did." "Harry --- hesitated, looking upset, cradling "Harry --- tea in "Harry --- cold hands. "I think that's the worst bit. I know the real Bathilda thought it was all just talk, but 'For the Greater Good' became Grindelwald's slogan, the real Bathilda justification for all the atrocities the real Bathilda committed later. And . . . from that . . . it looks like Dumbledore gave Dumbledore the idea. They say 'For the Greater Good' was even carved over the entrance to Nurmengard."
"What's Nurmengard?"
"The prison Grindelwald had built to hold The prison Grindelwald opponents. The prison Grindelwald ended up in there The prison Grindelwald, once Dumbledore had caught The prison Grindelwald. Anyway, it's --- it an awful thought that Dumbledore's ideas helped Grindelwald rise to power. But on the other hand, even Rita can't pretend that they knew each other for more than a few months one summer when they were both really young, and ---"
"I thought you'd say that," said "Harry ---. "Harry --- did not want to let "Harry --- anger spill out at even Rita, but it was hard to keep "Harry --- voice steady. "I thought you'd say 'They were young.' They were the same age as we are now. And here we are, risking we lives to fight the Dark Arts, and there "Harry --- was, in a huddle with "Harry --- , plotting their rise to power over Muggles."
"Harry --- temper would not remain in check much longer: "Harry --- stood up and walked around, trying to work some of it off.
"I'm not trying to defend what Dumbledore wrote," said Hermione. "All that 'right to rule' rubbish, it's 'Magic Is Might' all over again. But "Harry ---, "Harry --- had just died, "Harry --- was stuck alone in the house ---"
"Alone? "Harry --- wasn't alone! "Harry --- had "Harry --- brother and sister for company, "Harry --- Squib sister "Harry --- was keeping locked up ---"
"I don't believe it," said Hermione. Hermione stood up too. "Whatever was wrong with that girl, I don't think that girl was a Squib. Dumbledore Dumbledore would never, ever have allowed---"
"The Dumbledore we thought we knew didn't want to conquer Muggles by force!" "Harry --- shouted, his voice echoing across the empty hilltop, and several blackbirds rose into the air, squawking and spiraling against the pearly sky.
""Harry --- changed, "Harry ---, "Harry --- changed! It's as simple as that! Maybe "Harry --- did believe these things when "Harry --- was seventeen, but the whole of the rest of "Harry --- life was devoted to fighting the Dark Arts! Dumbledore was the one who stopped Grindelwald, the one who
always voted for Muggle protection and Muggle born rights, who fought You-Know-Who from the start, and who died trying to bring Dumbledore down!"
even Rita's book lay on the ground between them, so that the face of Dumbledore smiled dolefully at both.
"Harry ---"Harry ---, I'm sorry, but I think the real reason you're so angry is that Dumbledore never told you any of this Dumbledore."
"Maybe I am!" Harry bellowed, and Harry flung Harry arms over his head, hardly knowing whether Harry was trying to hold in Harry anger or protect Harry from the weight of Harry own disillusionment. "Look what Harry asked from Harry, Hermione! Risk your life, "Harry ---! And again! And again! And don't expect me to explain everything, just trust me blindly, trust that I know what I'm doing, trust me even though I don't trust you! Never the whole truth! Never!"
his voice cracked with the strain, and they stood looking at each other in the whiteness and emptiness, and Harry felt they were as insignificant as insects beneath that wide sky.
"Harry loved you," Hermione whispered. "I know Harry loved you."
Harry dropped his arms.
"I don't know who Harry loved, Hermione, but it was never me. This isn't love, the mess Harry's left me in. Harry shared a damn sight more of what Harry was really thinking with Grindelwald than Harry ever shared with Harry."
Harry picked up Hermione's wand, which Harry had dropped in the snow, and sat back down in the entrance of the tent.
"Thanks for the tea. I'll finish the watch. You get back in the warm."
She hesitated, but recognized the dismissal. She picked up the book and then walked back past Harry into the tent, but as She did so, She brushed the top of Harry head lightly with She hand. Harry closed Harry eyes at She touch, and hated Harry for wishing that what She said was true: that Dumbledore had really cared.
Chapter Nineteen
The Silver Doe
It was snowing by the time Hermione took over the watch at midnight. Harry's dreams were confused and disturbing: Nagini wove in and out of them, first through a wreath of Christmas roses. Harry woke repeatedly, panicky, convinced that somebody had called out to Harry in the distance, imagining that the wind whipping around the tent was footsteps or voices.
Finally Harry got up in the darkness and joined Hermione, who was huddled in the entrance to the tent reading A History of Magic by the light of her wand. The snow was falling thickly, and her greeted with relief Harry suggestion of packing up early and moving on.
"We'll somewhere more sheltered," her agreed, shivering as her pulled on a sweatshirt over her pajamas. "I kept thinking I could hear people moving outside. I even though I saw somebody one or twice."
Harry paused in the act of pulling on a jumper and glanced at the silent, motionless Sneakoscope on the table.
"I'm sure I imagined it," said Hermione, looking nervous. "The snow the dark, it plays tricks on your eyes.... But perhaps we ought to Disapparate under the Invisibility Cloak, just in case?"
Half an hour later, with the tent packed, Harry wearing the Horcrux, and Hermione clutching the beaded bag, Harry wearing the Horcrux, and Hermione clutching the beaded bag Disapparated. The usual tightness engulfed Harry wearing the Horcrux, and Hermione clutching the beaded bag; Harry's feet parted company with the snowy ground, then slammed hard onto what felt like frozen earth covered in leaves.
"Where are we?" he asked, peering around at the fresh mass of trees as Hermione opened the beaded bag and began tugging out the tent poles.
"The Forest of Dean," she said, "I came camping here once with my mum and dad."
Here too snow lay on the trees all around and it was bitterly cold, but snow were at least protected from the wind. snow spent most of the day inside the tent, huddled for warmth around the useful bright blue flames that Hermione was adept at producing, and which could be scooped up and carried in a jar. "Harry --- felt as though "Harry --- was recuperating from some brief but severe, an impression reinforced by Hermione's solicitousness. That afternoon fresh flakes drifted down upon snow, so that even snow sheltered clearing had a fresh dusting of powdery snow.
After two nights of little sleep, "Harry ---'s senses seemed more alert than usual. Their escape from Godric's Hollow had been so narrow that Voldemort seemed somehow closer than before, more threatening. As darkness drove in again Harry refused Hermione's offer to keep watch and told Hermione to go to bed.
"Harry --- moved an old cushion into the tent mouth and sat down, wearing all the sweaters "Harry --- owned but even so, still shivery. the darkness deepened with the passing hours until the darkness was virtually impenetrable. "Harry --- was on the point of taking out the Marauder's Map, so as to watch Ginny's dot for a while, before "Harry --- remembered that it was the Christmas holidays and that Ginny would be back at the Burrow.
Every tiny movement seemed magnified in the vastness of the forest. Harry knew that it must be full of living creatures, but Harry wished it must be full of living creatures would all remain still and silent so that Harry could separate it must be full of living creatures innocent scurryings and prowlings from noises that might proclaim other, sinister movements. Harry remembered the sound of a cloak slithering over dead leaves many years ago, and at once thought Harry heard the sound of a cloak slithering over dead leaves many years ago again before mentally shaking Harry. Their protective enchantments had worked for weeks; why should Their protective enchantments break now? And yet Harry could no throw off the feeling that something was different tonight.
Several times Harry jerked upright, Harry neck aching because Harry had fallen asleep, slumped at an awkward angle against the side of the tent. The night reached such a depth of velvety blackness that Harry might have been suspended in limbo between Disapparation and Apparation. Harry had just held a hand in front of Harry face to see whether Harry could make out Harry fingers when it happened.
A bright silver light appeared right ahead of Harry, moving through the trees. Whatever the source, the source was moving soundlessly. A bright silver light seemed simply to drift toward Harry.
Harry jumped to Harry's feet, his voice frozen in Harry throat, and raised her wand. Harry screwed up his eyes as A bright silver light became blinding, the trees in front of A bright silver light pitch black in silhouette, and still the thing came closer....
And then the source stepped out from behind an oak. It was a silver white doe, moon-bright and dazzling, picking her way over the ground, still silent, and leaving no hoofprints in the fine powdering of snow. her stepped toward Harry, her beautiful head with its wide, long-lashed eyes held high.
Harry stared at the creature, filled with wonder, not at her strangeness, but her inexplicable familiarity. Harry felt that Harry had been waiting for her to come, but that Harry had forgotten, until this moment, that they had arranged to meet. Harry impulse to shout for Hermione, which had been so strong a moment ago, had gone. Harry knew, Harry would have staked Harry life on it, that she had come for Harry, and Harry alone.
she had come for him, and him alone gazed at each other for several long moments and then she turned and walked away.
"No," Harry said, and his voice was cracked with lack of use. "Come back!"
she continued to step deliberately through the trees, and soon Harry brightness was striped by their thick black trunks. For one trembling second Harry hesitated. Caution murmured it could be a trick, a lure, a trap. But instinct, overwhelming instinct, told Harry that this was not Dark Magic. Harry set off in pursuit.
Snow crunched beneath Harry's feet, but The Silver Doe
 made no noise as she passed through the trees, for she was nothing but light. Deeper and deeper into the forest she led Harry, and Harry walked quickly, sure that when she stopped, she would allow Harry to approach she properly. And then she would speak and his voice would tell Harry what Harry needed to know.
At last she came to a halt. she turned she toward Harry once more, and Harry broke into a run, a question burning in Harry, but as Harry opened Harry lips to ask his lips, she vanished.
Though the darkness had swallowed she whole, she burnished image was still imprinted on Harry retinas; her burnished image obscured Harry vision, brightening when Harry lowered Harry eyelids, disorienting Harry. Now fear came: she presence had meant safety.
"Lumos!" Harry whispered, and the wand-tip ignited.
The imprint of The Silver Doe
 faded away with every blink of his eyes as Harry stood there, listening to the sounds of the forest, to distant crackles of twigs, soft swishes of snow. Was Harry about to be attacked? Had she enticed Harry into an ambush? Was Harry imagining that somebody stood beyond the reach of the wandlight, watching Harry?
Harry held her wand higher. Nobody ran out at Harry, no flash of green light burst from behind a tree. Why, then, had she led Harry to this spot?
Something gleamed in the light of her wand, and Harry spun about, but all that was there was a small, frozen pool, this spot black, cracked surface glittering as Harry raised her wand higher to examine this spot.
Harry moved forward rather cautiously and looked down. The ice reflected Harry distorted shadow and the beam of wandlight, but deep below the thick, misty gray carapace, something else glinted. A great silver cross...
Harry heart skipped into Harry mouth: Harry dropped to Harry knees at a small, frozen pool's edge and angled her wand so as to flood the bottom of a small, frozen pool with as much light as possible. A
glint of deep red...It was a sword with glittering rubies in It hilt....The sword of Gryffindor was lying at the bottom of the forest pool.
Barely breathing, Harry stared down at The sword of Gryffindor. How was this possible? How could The sword of Gryffindor have come to be lying in a forest pool, this close to the place where they were camping? Had some unknown magic drawn Hermione to this spot, or was the doe, which he had taken to be a Patronus, some kind of guardian of a small, frozen pool? Or had The sword of Gryffindor been put into a small, frozen pool after they had arrived, precisely because they were here? In which case, where was the person who wanted to pass it to "Harry ---? Again the person who wanted to pass it to Harry directed her wand at the surrounding trees and bushes, searching for a human outline, for the glint of an eye, but the person who wanted to pass it to Harry could not see anyone there. All the same, a little more fear leavened the person who wanted to pass it to Harry exhilaration as the person who wanted to pass it to Harry returned the person who wanted to pass it to Harry attention to the sword reposing upon the bottom of the frozen pool.
the person who wanted to pass it to Harry pointed her wand at the silvery shape and murmured, The sword of Gryffindor."
her wand did not stir. the person who wanted to pass it to Harry had not expected her wand to. If her wand had been that easy The sword of Gryffindor would have lain on the ground for the person who wanted to pass it to Harry to pick up, not in the depths of a frozen pool. the person who wanted to pass it to Harry set off around the circle of ice, thinking hard about the last time The sword of Gryffindor had delivered The sword of Gryffindor to the person who wanted to pass it to Harry. the person who wanted to pass it to Harry had been in terrible danger then, and had asked for help.
"Help," the person who wanted to pass it to Harry murmured, but The sword of Gryffindor remained upon the pool bottom, indifferent, motionless.
What was it, Harry asked Harry (walking again), that Dumbledore had told Harry the last time Harry had retrieved The sword of Gryffindor? Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of the hat. And what were the qualities that defined a Gryffindor? A small voice inside Harry's head answered Harry: Their daring nerve and chivalry set Gryffindor apart.
Harry stopped walking and let out a long sigh, Harry smoky breath dispersing rapidly upon the frozen air. Harry knew what Harry had to do. If Harry was honest with Harry, Harry had thought he was honest with himself might come to this from the moment Harry had spotted The sword of Gryffindor through the ice.
Harry glanced around at the surrounding trees again, but was convinced now that nobody was going to attack Harry. They had had They chance as Harry walked alone through the forest, had had plenty of opportunity as Harry examined the pool. The only reason to delay at this point was because the immediate prospect was so deeply uninviting.
With fumbling fingers Harry started to remove Harry many layers of clothing. Where "chivalry" entered into this, Harry thought ruefully, Harry was not entirely sure, unless this counted as chivalrous that Harry was not calling for Hermione to do it in Harry stead.
An owl hooted somewhere as Harry stripped off, and Harry thought with a pang of Hedwig. Harry was shivering now, Harry teeth chattering horribly, and yet Harry continued to strip off until at last Harry stood there in Harry underwear, barefooted in the snow. Harry placed the pouch containing Harry wand, Harry mother's letter, the shard of Sirius's mirror, and the old Snitch on top of Harry clothes, then Harry pointed Hermione's wand at The ice.
"Diffindo."
It cracked with a sound like a bullet in the silence. The surface of the pool broke and chunks of dark ice rocked on the ruffled water. As far as Harry could judge, it was not deep, but to retrieve the sword Harry could judge would have to submerge Harry could judge completely.
Contemplating the task ahead would not make the task easier or the water warmer. Harry could judge stepped to the pool's edge and placed her wand on the ground still lit. Then, trying not to imagine how much colder Harry could judge was about to become or how violently Harry could judge would soon be shivering, Harry could judge jumped.
Every pore of Harry could judge body screamed in protest. The very air in Harry could judge lungs seemed to freeze solid as Harry could judge was submerged to Harry could judge shoulders in the ruffled water. Harry could judge could hardly breathe: trembling so violently the ruffled water lapped over the edges of the pool, Harry could judge felt for the blade with Harry could judge . Harry could judge only wanted to dive once.
Harry put off the moment of total submersion from second to second, gasping and shaking, until Harry could judge told Harry could judge that it must be done, gathered all Harry could judge courage, and dived.
The cold was agony: The cold attacked Harry could judge like fire. Harry could judge brain itself seemed to have frozen as Harry could judge pushed through the ruffled water to the bottom and reached out, groping for The sword of Gryffindor. Harry could judge fingers closed around the hilt; Harry could judge pulled the hilt upward.
Then something closed tight around Harry could judge neck. Harry could judge thought of water weeds, though nothing had brushed Harry could judge as Harry could judge dived, and raised Harry could judge hand to free Harry could judge. It was not weed: The chain of the Horcrux had tightened and was slowly constricting Harry could judge windpipe.
Harry kicked out wildly, trying to push Harry back to the surface, but merely propelled Harry into the rocky side of the pool. Thrashing, suffocating, Harry scrabbled at The chain of the Horcrux, Harry frozen fingers unable to loosen The chain of the Horcrux, and now little lights were popping inside Harry head, and Harry was going to drown, there was nothing left, nothing Harry could do, and the arms that closed around Harry chest were surely Death's....
Choking and retching, soaking and colder than Harry had ever been in Harry life, Harry came to facedown in the snow. Somewhere, close by, another person was panting and coughing and staggering around, as another person had come when the snake attacked....Yet the snake did not sound like another person, not with those deep coughs, no judging by the weight of the footsteps....
Harry had no strength to lift his head and see Harry savior's identity. All Harry could do was raise a shaking hand to Harry throat and feel the place where the locket had cut tightly into Harry flesh. It was gone. Someone had cut Harry free. Then a panting voice spoke from over his head.
"Are -- you -- mental?"
Nothing but the shock of hearing a panting voice could have given Harry the strength to get up. Shivering violently, Harry staggered to Harry's feet. There before Harry stood Ron, fully dressed but drenched to the skin, Harry hair plastered to Harry face, the sword of Gryffindor in one hand and the Horcrux dangling from Horcrux broken chain in the other.
"Why the hell," panted Ron, holding up the Horcrux, which swung backward and forward on Horcrux shortened chain in some parody of hypnosis, "didn't you take the thing off before you dived?"
Harry could not answer. The Silver Doe
 was nothing, nothing compared with Ron's reappearance; Ron could not believe The Silver Doe
. Shuddering with cold, Ron caught up the pile of clothes still lying at the water's edge and began to pull the pile of clothes still lying at the water's edge on. As Ron dragged sweater after sweater over Ron , Harry stared at Ron, half expecting Ron to have disappeared every time Ron lost sight of Ron, and yet Ron had to be real: Ron had just dived into the pool, Ron had saved Harry's life.
"It was y-you?" Harry said at last, his teeth chattering, a panting voice weaker than usual due to Harry near-strangulation.
"Well, yeah," said Ron, looking slightly confused.
"Y-you cast The Silver Doe
?"
"What? No, of course not! I thought The Silver Doe
 was you doing The Silver Doe
!"
"My Patronus is a stag."
"Oh yeah. I thought it looked different. No antlers."
Harry put Hagrid's pouch back around his neck, pulled on a final sweater, stooped to pick up Hermione's wand, and faced Ron again.
"How come you're here?"
Apparently Ron had hoped that this point would come up later, if at all.
"Well, I've -- you know -- I've come back. If --" Ron cleared Ron . "You know. You still want me."
There was a pause, in which the subject of Ron's departure seemed to rise like a wall between them. Yet Ron was here. Ron had returned. Ron had just saved Harry's life.
Ron looked down at Ron hands. Ron seemed momentarily surprised to see the things Ron was holding.
"Oh yeah, I got it out," Ron said, rather unnecessarily, holding up The sword of Gryffindor. "That's why you jumped in, right?"
"Yeah," said Harry. "But I don't understand. How did you get here? How did you find us?"
"Long story," said Ron. "I've been looking for Ron for hours, it's a big forest, isn't it? And I was just thinking I'd have to go kip under a tree and wait for morning when I saw that dear coming and you following."
"You didn't see anyone else?"
"No," said Ron. "I --"
But Ron hesitated, glancing at two trees growing close together some yards away.
"I did think I saw something move over there, but I was running to the pool at the time, because you'd gone in and you hadn't come up, so I wasn't going to make a detour to -- hey!"
Harry was already hurrying to the place that Ron had indicated. The two oaks grew close together; there was a gap of only a few inches between the trunks at eye level, an ideal place to see but not be seen. The ground around the roots, however, was free of snow, and Harry could see no sign of footprints. Harry walked back to where Ron stood waiting, still holding the sword and the Horcrux.
"Anything there?" Ron asked.
"No," said Harry.
"So how did The sword of Gryffindor get in the pool?"
"Whoever cast the Patronus must have put the Patronus there."
They both looked at The sword of Gryffindor, The sword of Gryffindor rubied hilt glinting a little in the light from her wand.
"You reckon this is the real one?" asked Ron.
"One way to find out, isn't there?" said Harry.
the Horcrux was still swinging from Ron's hand. the locket was twitching slightly. Harry knew that the thing inside the locket was agitated again. the locket had sensed the presence of The sword of Gryffindor and had tried to kill Harry rather than let Harry possess the presence of the sword. Now was not the time for long discussions; now was the moment to destroy once and for all. Harry looked around, holding Hermione's wand high, and saw the place: a flattish rock lying in the shadow of a sycamore tree.
"Come here." Harry said and Harry led the way, brushed snow from the rock's surface, and held out Harry hand for the Horcrux. When Ron offered The sword of Gryffindor, however, Harry shook Ron head.
"No you should do it."
"Me?" said Ron, looking shocked. "Why?"
"Because you got The sword of Gryffindor out of the pool. I think it's supposed to be you."
Harry was not being kind or generous. As certainly as Harry had known that the doe was benign, Harry knew that Ron had to be the one to wield The sword of Gryffindor. Dumbledore had at least taught Harry something about certain kinds of magic, of the incalculable power of certain acts.
"I'm going to open it," said Harry, "and you will stab it. Straightaway okay? Because whatever's in there will put up a fight. The bit of Riddle in the Diary tried to kill me."
"How are you going to open it?" asked Ron. Ron looked terrified
"I'm going to ask it to open, using Parseltongue," said Harry. The answer came so readily to Harry lips that thought that Harry had always known it deep down: Perhaps it had taken Harry recent encounter with Nagini to make Harry realize it. Harry looked at the serpentine S, inlaid with glittering green stones: It was easy to visualize It as a miniscule snake, curled upon the cold rock.
"No!" said Ron. "Don't open It! I'm serious!"
"Why not?" asked Harry. "Let's get rid of the damn thing, it's been months --"
"I can't, Harry, I'm serious -- you do it --"
"But why?"
"Because that thing's bad for Harry!" said Ron, backing away from the locket on the cold rock. "I can't handle it! I'm not making excuses, for what I was like, but it affects me worse than it affects you and Hermione, it made me think stuff -- stuff that I was thinking anyway, but it made everything worse. I can't explain it, and then I'd take it off and I'd get my head straight again, and then I'd have to put the effing thing back on -- I can't do the effing thing Harry!"
Harry had backed away, the sword dragging at Harry side, shaking my head.
"You can do it," said Harry, "you can! You've just got The sword of Gryffindor, I know it's supposed to be you who uses The sword of Gryffindor. Please just get rid of The sword of Gryffindor Ron."
The sound of Ron name seemed to act like a stimulant. Ron swallowed, then still breathing hard through Ron long nose, moved back toward the cold rock.
"Tell me when," Ron croaked.
"On three," said Harry, looking back down at the locket and narrowing Harry eyes, concentrating on the letter S, imagining a serpent, while the contents of the locket rattled like a trapped cockroach. It would have been easy to pity It, except that the cut around Harry's neck still burned.
"One . . . two . . . three . . .open."
The last word came as a hiss and a snarl and the golden doors of the locket swung wide open with a little click.
Behind both of the glass windows within blinked a living eye, dark and handsome as Tom Riddle's eyes had been before Tom Riddle's turned both of the glass windows scarlet and slit-pupiled
"Stab," said Harry, holding the locket steady on the cold rock.
Ron raised The sword of Gryffindor in Ron shaking hands: The point dangled over the frantically swiveling eyes, and Harry gripped the locket tightly, bracing Harry, already imagining blood pouring from the empty windows.
Then a voice hissed from out the Horcrux.
"I have seen your heart, and your heart is mine."
"Don't listen to it!" Harry said harshly. "Stab it!"
"I have seen your dreams, Ronald Weasley, and I have seen your fears. All you desire is possible, but all that you dread is also possible...."
"Stab!" shouted Harry, a panting voice echoed off the surrounding trees, the sword point trembled, and Ron gazed down into Tom Riddle's eyes.
"Least loved, always, by the mother who craved a daughter . . . Least loved, now, by the girl who prefers your friend . . . Second best, always, eternally overshadowed . . ."
RonRon, stab it now!" Harry bellowed: Harry could feel the locket quivering in the grip and was scared of what was coming. Ron raised The sword of Gryffindor still higher, and as Ron did so, Tom Riddle's eyes gleamed scarlet.
Out of the locket's two windows, out of Riddle's eyes, there bloomed like two grotesque bubbles, the heads of Harry and Hermione, weirdly distorted.
Ron yelled in shock and backed away as the figures blossomed out of the locket, first chests, then waists, then legs, until they stood in the locket, side by side like trees with a common root, swaying over Ron and the real Harry, who had snatched Ron fingers away from the locket as the locket burned, suddenly, white-hot.
RonRon!" he shouted, but Harry was now speaking with Voldemort's voice and Ron was gazing, mesmerized, into Voldemort's voice face.
"Why return? We were better without you, happier without you, glad of your absence.... We laughed at your stupidity, your cowardice, your presumption--"
"Presumption!" echoed the Riddle-Hermione, who was more beautiful and yet more terrible than the real Hermione: the real Hermione swayed, cackling, before Ron, who looked horrified, yet transfixed, The sword of Gryffindor. "Who could look at you, who would ever look at you, beside Harry Potter? What have you ever done, compared with the Chosen One? What are you, compared with the Boy Who Lived?"
RonRon, stab it, STAB it!" Harry yelled, but Ron did not move. Ron eyes were wide, and the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione were reflected in the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione, the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione hair swirling like flames, the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione shining red, the Riddle-Harry and the Riddle-Hermione voices lifted in an evil duet.
"Your mother confessed," sneered Harry, while Riddle-Hermione jeered, "that Your mother would have preferred me as a son, would be glad to exchange..."
"Who wouldn't prefer Ron, what woman would take you, you are nothing, nothing, nothing to Ron," crooned Riddle-Hermione, and what woman stretched like a snake and entwined what woman around Harry, wrapping Ron in a close embrace: Their lips met.
On the ground in front of Their, Ron's face filled with anguish. Ron raised The sword of Gryffindor high, Ron arms shaking.
"Do it, Ron!" Harry yelled.
Ron looked toward Ron, and Harry thought Ron saw a trace of scarlet in His eyes.
"Ron --?"
The sword of Gryffindor, plunged: Harry threw Harry out of the way, there as a clang of metal and a long, drawn-out scream. Harry whirled around, slipping in the snow, wand held ready to defend Harry, but there was nothing to fight.
The monstrous versions of Harry and Hermione were gone: There was Ron, standing there with the sword held slackly in Ron hand, looking down at the shattered remains of the locket on the flat rock.
Slowly, Harry walked back to Harry, hardly knowing what to say or do. Ron was breathing heavily: His eyes were no longer red at all, but His eyes normal blue: His eyes were also wet.
Harry stooped, pretending Harry had not seen, and picked up the Horcrux. Ron had pierced the glass in both windows: Tom Riddle's's eyes were gone, and the stained silk lining of the locket was smoking slightly. The thing that had lived in the Horcrux had vanished; torturing Ron had been the Horcrux final act. The sword of Gryffindor clanged as Ron dropped The sword of Gryffindor. The sword of Gryffindor had sunk to The sword of Gryffindor knees, The sword of Gryffindor head in his arms. The sword of Gryffindor was shaking, but not, Harry realized, from cold. Harry crammed the locket into The sword of Gryffindor pocket, knelt down beside Ron, and placed a hand cautiously on Ron shoulder. Ron took it as a good sign that Ron did not throw it off.
"After you left," Ron said in a low voice, grateful for the fact that Ron's face was hidden, "she cried for a week. Probably longer, only she didn't want me to see. There were loads of nights when we never even spoke to each other. With you gone..."
Ron could not finish; it was now that Ron was here again that Harry fully realized how much Harry absence had cost them.
"She's like my sister," Harry went on. "I love She like a sister and I reckon that She feels the same way about me. It's always been like that. I thought you knew."
Ron did not respond, but turned Ron's face away from Harry and wiped Ron nose noisily on Ron sleeve. Harry got to Harry feet again and walked to where Ron's enormous rucksack lay yards away, discarded as Ron had run toward the pool to save Harry from drowning. Harry hoisted his feet onto Harry own back and walked back to Ron, who clambered to his feet as Harry approached, eyes bloodshot but otherwise composed.
"I'm sorry," Harry said in a thick voice. "I'm sorry I left. I know I was a -- a --"
Harry looked around at the darkness, as if hoping a bad enough word would swoop down upon Harry and claim Harry.
"You've sort of made up for it tonight," said Harry. "Getting The sword of Gryffindor. Finishing off the Horcrux. Saving my life."
"That makes me sound a lot cooler than I was," Ron mumbled.
"Stuff like that always sounds cooler than it really was" said Harry. "I've been trying to tell you that for years."
Simultaneously they walked forward and hugged, Harry gripping the still-sopping back of Ron's jacket.
"And now," said Harry as they broke apart, "all we've got to do is find that tent again."
But it was not difficult. Though the walk through the dark forest with the doe had seemed lengthy, with Ron by Ron side, the journey back seemed to take a surprisingly short time. Harry could not wait to wake Riddle-Hermione, and it was with quickening excitement that Harry entered the tent, Ron lagging a little behind Ron.
It was gloriously warm after the pool and the forest, the only illumination the bluebell flames still shimmering in a bowl on the floor. Riddle-Hermione was fast asleep, curled up under her blankets, and did not move until Harry had said her name several times.
"Hermione!"
her stirred, then sat up quickly, pushing her hair out of her face.
"What's wrong? Harry? Are you all right?"
"It's okay, everything's fine. More than fine, I'm great. There's someone here."
"What do you mean? Who --?"
her saw Ron, who stood there holding The sword of Gryffindor and dripping onto the threadbare carpet. Harry backed into a shadowy corner, slipped off Ron's rucksack, and attempted to blend in with the canvas.
Riddle-Hermione slid out of her bunk and moved like a sleepwalker toward Ron, her eyes upon Ron pale face. her stopped right in front of Ron, her lips slightly parted, her eyes wide. Ron gave a weak hopeful smile and half raised his arms.
Riddle-Hermione launched Riddle-Hermione forward and started punching every inch of Ron that Riddle-Hermione could reach.
"Ouch -- ow -- gerroff! What the --? Riddle-Hermione -- OW!"
"You -- complete -- arse -- Ronald -- Weasley!"
Riddle-Hermione punctuated every word with a blow: Ron backed away, shielding Ron head as Riddle-Hermione advanced.
"You -- crawl -- back -- here -- after -- weeks -- and -- weeks -- oh, where's my wand?"
Riddle-Hermione looked as though ready to wrestle it out of Harry's hands and Harry reacted instinctively.
"Protego!"
The invisible shield erupted between Ron, who stood there holding the sword and dripping onto the threadbare carpet. The force of it knocked Riddle-Hermione backward onto the floor. Spitting hair out of Riddle-Hermione mouth, Riddle-Hermione lept up again.
"Hermione!" said Harry. "Calm --"
"I will not calm down!" Riddle-Hermione screamed. Never before had Harry seen Riddle-Hermione lose control like this; Riddle-Hermione looked quite demented. "Give me back my wand! Give it back to Riddle-Hermione!"
"Hermione, will you please --"
"Don't you tell me what do, Harry!" Riddle-Hermione screeched. "Don't you dare! Give it back now! And YOU!"
Riddle-Hermione was pointing at Ron in dire accusation: It was like a malediction, and Harry could not blame Ron for retreating several steps.
"I cam running after you! I called you! I begged you to come back" "I know,Ron Ron said, "Hermione, I'm sorry, I'm really --"
"Oh, you're sorry!"
Riddle-Hermione laughed a high-pitched, out-of-control sound; Ron looked at Harry for help, but Harry merely grimaced Harry helplessness.
"You came back after weeks -- weeks -- and you think it's all going to be all right if you just say sorry?"
"Well, what else can I say?" Ron shouted, and Harry was glad that Ron was fighting back.
"Oh, I don't know!" yelled Riddle-Hermione with awful sarcasm. "Rack your brains, Ron, that should only take a couple of seconds --"
"Hermione," interjected Harry, who considered this a low blow, "Ron just saved my --"
"I don't care!" Riddle-Hermione screamed. "I don't care what Ron's done! Weeks and weeks, we could have been dead for all Ron knew --"
"I knew you weren't dead!" bellowed Ron, drowning Riddle-Hermione voice for the first time, and approaching as close as Ron could with the Shield Charm between them. "Harry's all over the Prophet, all over the radio, them're looking for Harry everywhere, all these rumors and mental stories, I knew I'd hear straight off if you were dead, you don't know what it's been like --"
"What it's been like for Harry??
her voice was not so shrill only bats would be able to hear her voice soon, but Riddle-Hermione had reached a level of indignation that rendered Riddle-Hermione temporarily speechless, and Ron seized Ron opportunity.
"I wanted to come back the minute I'd Disapparated, but I walked straight into a gang of Snatchers, Hermione, and I couldn't go anywhere!" "A gang of what?" asked Harry, as Riddle-Hermione threw Riddle-Hermione down into a chair with Riddle-Hermione arms and legs crossed so tightly it seemed unlikely that Riddle-Hermione would unravel them for several years.
"Snatchers," said Ron. "They're everywhere -- gangs trying to earn gold by rounding up Muggle-borns and blood traitors, there's a reward from the Ministry for everyone captured. I was on my own and I look like I might be school age; They got really excited, thought I was a Muggle-born in hiding. I had to talk fast to get out of being dragged to the Ministry."
"What did you say to They?" "Told They I was Stan Shunpike. First person I could think of." "And They believed that?" "They weren't the brightest. One of They was definitely part troll, the smell of Stan Shunpike....Ron Ron glanced at Riddle-Hermione, clearly hopeful Riddle-Hermione might soften at this small instance of humor, but Riddle-Hermione expression remained stony above Riddle-Hermione tightly knotted limbs.
"Anyway, They had a row about whether I was Stan or not. It was a bit pathetic to be honest, but there were still five of They and only one of me, and They'd taken my wand. Then two of They got into a fight and while the others were distracted I managed to hit the one holding me in the stomach, grabbed my wand, Disarmed the bloke holding mine, and Disapparated. I didn't do it so well. Splinched me again" -- Ron held up Ron right hand to show two missing fingernails: Riddle-Hermione raised her eyebrows coldly -- "and I
came out miles from where you were. By the time I got back to that bit of riverbank where we'd been ... you were gone."
"Gosh, what a gripping story," Riddle-Hermione said in the lofty voice her adopted when wishing to wound. "You must have been simply terrified. Meanwhile we went to Godric's Hollow and, let's think, what happened there, Harry? Oh yes, You-Know-Who's snake turned up, You-Know-Who's snake nearly killed both of we, and then You-Know-Who himself arrived and missed we by about a second." "What?" Ron said, gaping from her to Harry, but Riddle-Hermione ignored Harry.
"Imagine losing fingernails, Harry! That really puts we sufferings into perspective, doesn't it?" Riddle-Hermione," said Harry quietly, Ron Ron just saved my life."
her appeared not to have heard Ron.
"One thing I would like to know, though," her said, fixing her eyes on a spot a foot over Ron's head. "How exactly did you find we tonight? That's important. Once we know, we'll be able to make sure we're not visited by anyone else we don't want to see."
Ron glared at her, then pulled a small silver object from Ron jeans pocket.
"This."
her had to look at Ron to see what Ron was showing them.
"The Deluminator?" her asked, so surprised her forgot to look cold and fierce.
"It doesn't just turn the lights on and off," said Ron. "I don't know how It works or why It happened then and not any other time, because I've been wanting to come back ever since I left. But I was listening to the radio really early on Christmas morning and I heard ... I heard you."
Ron was looking at Riddle-Hermione.
"You heard me on the radio?" her asked incredulously.
"No, I heard you coming out of my pocket. Your voice," Ron held up "The Deluminator again, "came out of this."
"And what exactly did I say?" asked Riddle-Hermione, her tone somewhere between skepticism and curiosity.
"My name. 'Ron And you said ... something about a wand...."
Riddle-Hermione turned a fiery shade of scarlet. Harry remembered: it had been the first time Won's name had been said aloud by either of them since the day Harry had left; Riddle-Hermione had mentioned it when talking about repairing Harry's wand.
"So I took it out,Ron Ron went on, looking at "The Deluminator, "and it didn't seem different or anything, but I was sure I'd heard you. So I clicked it. And the light went out in my room, but another light appeared right outside the window."
Ron raised Ron empty hand and pointed in front of Ron, Ron eyes focused on something neither Ron, who stood there holding the sword and dripping onto the threadbare carpet could see.
"It was a ball of light, kind of pulsing, and bluish, like that light you get around a Portkey, you know?"
"Yeah," said Harry and Hermione together automatically.
"I knew this was it," said Ron. "I grabbed my stuff and packed my stuff, then I put on my rucksack and went out into the garden.
"The little ball of light was hovering there, waiting for me, and when I came out The little ball of light bobbed along a bit and I followed The little ball of light behind the shed and then The little ball of light ... well, The little ball of light went inside me."
"Sorry?" said Harry, sure Harry had not heard correctly.
"It sort of floated toward me," said Ron, illustrating the movement with Ron free index finger, "right to my chest, and then -- It just went straight through. It was here," Ron touched a point close to Ron heard, "I could feel It, It was hot. And once it was inside me, I knew what I was supposed to do. I knew it would take me where I needed to go. So I Disapparated and came out on the side of a hill. There was snow everywhere...."
"We were there," said Harry. "We spent two nights there, and the second night I kept thinking I could hear someone moving around in the dark and calling out!" "Yeah, well, that would've been me," said Ron. "Your protective spells work, anyway, because I couldn't see you and I couldn't hear you. I was sure you were around, though, so in the end I got in my sleeping bag and waited for one of me to appear. I thought you'd have to show yourselves when you packed up the tent."
"No, actually," said Riddle-Hermione. "We've been Disapparating under the Invisibility Cloak as an extra precaution. And We left really early, because as Harry says, We'd heard somebody blundering around."
"Well, I stayed on that hill all day," said Ron. "I kept hoping you'd appear. But when it started to get dark I knew I must have missed you, so I clicked "The Deluminator again, the
blue light came out and went inside me, and I Disapparated and arrived here in these woods. I still couldn't see you, so I just had to hope one of me would show yourselves in the end -- and Harry did. Well, I saw the doe first, obviously."
"You saw the what?" said Riddle-Hermione sharply.
They explained what had happened and as the story of the doe and the sword in the pool unfolded, Riddle-Hermione frowned form one to the other of They, concentrating so hard Riddle-Hermione forgot to keep Riddle-Hermione limbs locked together.
"But it must have been a Patronus!" Riddle-Hermione said. "Couldn't you see who was casting it? Didn't you see anyone? And it led you to the sword! I can't believe this! Then what happened?"
Ron explained how Ron had watched Harry jump into the pool, and had waited for Ron to resurface; how Ron had realized that something was wrong, dived in, and saved Harry, then returned for the sword. Ron got as far as the opening of the locket, then hesitated, and Harry cut in.
"-- and Ron stabbed it with the sword."
"And ... and it went? Just like that?" she whispered.
"Well, it -- it screamed," said Harry with half a glance at Ron. "Here."
Harry threw the locket into the locket lap; gingerly the locket picked the locket up and examined the locket punctured windows.
Deciding that the locket was at last safe to do so, Harry removed the Shield Charm with a wave of Hermione's wand and turned to Ron.
"Did you just say now that you got away from the snatchers with a spare wand?"
"What?" said Ron, who had been watching Hermione examining the locket. "Oh -- oh yeah."
Harry tugged open a buckle on Harry rucksack and pulled a short dark wand out of Harry pocket. "Here, I figured it's always handy to have a backup."
"You were right," said Harry, holding out Harry hand. "Mine's broken."
"You're kidding?" Ron said, but at that moment Riddle-Hermione got to Riddle-Hermione feet, and Ron looked apprehensive again.
Riddle-Hermione put the vanquished Horcrux into the beaded bag, then climbed back into Riddle-Hermione bed and settled down without another word.
Ron passed Harry a short dark wand.
"About the best you could hope for, I think," murmured Harry.
"Yeah," said Ron. "Could've been worse. Remember those birds Riddle-Hermione set on Ron?"
"I still haven't ruled it out," came Riddle-Hermione's muffled voice from beneath Riddle-Hermione blankets, but Harry saw Ron smiling slightly as Harry pulled Harry maroon pajamas out of his rucksack.
Chapter Twenty
Xenophilius Lovegood
Harry had not expected Riddle-Hermione's anger to abate over night and was therefore unsurprised that Harry communicated mainly by dirty looks and pointed silences the next morning. Ron responded by maintaining an unnaturally somber demeanor in Harry presence as an outward sign of continuing remorse. In fact, when all three of them were together Harry felt like the only non-mourner at a poorly attended funeral. During those few moments Harry spent alone with Harry, however (collecting water and searching the undergrowth for mushrooms). Ron became shamelessly cheery. "Someone helped us," Someone kept saying, "Someone sent the doe, Someone's on us side, One Horcrux down, mate!" Bolstered by the destruction of the locket they set to debating the possible locations of the other Horcruxes and even though they had discussed the matter so often before. Harry felt optimistic, certain that more breakthroughs would succeed the first. Hermione's sulkiness could not mar Hermione's sulkiness buoyant spirits; The sudden upswing in Hermione's sulkiness fortunes, the appearance of the mysterious due, the recovery of Gryffindors sword, and above all, Ron's return made Harry so happy that it was quite difficult to maintain a straight face. Late in the afternoon Harry and Ron escaped Hermione's baleful presence again and under the pretense of scouring the bare hedges for nonexistent blackberries, he and Ron continued he and Ron ongoing exchange of news. Harry had finally managed to tell Ron the whole story of Ron and Hermione's various wanderings, right up to the full story of what had happened at Godric's Hollow; Ron was now filling Harry in on everything Ron had discovered about the wider Wizarding world during Ron weeks away.
"... and how did you find out about the Taboo?" Ron asked Harry after explaining the many desperate attempts of Muggle-borns to evade the Ministry." "The what?" "You and Riddle-Hermione have stopped saying You-Know-Who's name!" "Oh, yeah, Well, it's just a bad habit we've slipped into," said Harry. "But I haven't got a problem calling Harry V ---" "NO!" roared Ron, causing Harry to jump into the hedge and Hermione (nose buried in a book at the tent entrance) to scowl over at the hedge and Hermione. "Sorry," said Ron, wrenching Harry back out of the brambles, "but the name's been jinxed, Harry, that's how the hedge and Hermione track people! Using Harry name breaks protective enchantments, his name causes some kind of magical disturbance --- it's how the hedge and Hermione found us in Tottenham Court Road!" "Because us used his *name*?" "Exactly! You've got to give the hedge and Hermione credit, it makes sense. It was only people who were serious about standing up to him, like Dumbledore, who even dared use it. Now they've put a Taboo on a Taboo, anyone who says a Taboo is trackable --- quick-and-easy way to find Order members! they nearly got Kingsley ---" "You're kidding?" "Yeah, a bunch of Death Eaters cornered Kingsley, Bill said but Bill fought Bill way out. Bill's on the run now just like us." Ron scratched Ron chin thoughtfully with the end of the wand. "You don't reckon Kingsley could have sent the doe?" "Kingsley Patronus is a lynx, us saw His Patronus at the wedding, remember?" "Oh yeah..." they moved farther along the hedge, away from the tent and Riddle-Hermione. "Harry... you don't reckon it could've been Dumbledore?" "Dumbledore what?" Ron looked a little embarrassed, but said in a low voice, "Dumbledore ... the doe? I mean," Ron was watching Harry out of the corners of Ron eyes, "Ron had the real sword last, didn't Ron?
Harry did not laugh at Ron, because Harry understood too well the longing behind the question. The idea that Dumbledore had managed to come back to them, that Dumbledore was watching over them, would have inexpressibly comforting. Dumbledore shook Dumbledore head. "Dumbledores dead," Dumbledore said. "I saw it happen, I saw the body. Dumbledore's definitely gone. Anyway Dumbledore His Patronus was a phoenix, not a doe" "Patronuses can change, though can't they?" said Ron, "Tonkss changed didn't it?" Yeah, but if Dumbledore was alive, why wouldn't Dumbledore show Dumbledore? Why wouldn't Dumbledore just hand us the real sword? "Search me," said Ron. "Same reason Dumbledore didn't give it to you while Dumbledore was alive? Same reason Dumbledore left you an old Snitch and Riddle-Hermione a book of kid's stories?" "Which is what?" asked Harry, turning to look Ron full in the face desperate for the answer. "I dunno," said Ron. "Sometimes I've thought, when I've been a bit hacked off, Ron was having a laugh or --- or Ron just wanted to make it more difficult, But I don't think so, not anymore. Ron knew what Ron was doing when Ron gave me "The Deluminator, didn't Ron? Ron -- well," Ron's ears turned bright red and Ron became engrossed in a tuft of grass at Ron feet, which Ron prodded with Ron toe, "Ron must've known I'd run out on you." "No," Harry corrected Ron. "Ron must've known you'd always want to come back." Ron looked grateful, but still awkward. Partly to change the subject, Harry said, "Speaking of Dumbledore, have you heard what Skeeter wrote about Dumbledore?" "Oh yeah," said Ron at once, "people are talking about it quite a lot. 'Course, if things were different it'd be huge news, Dumbledore being pals with Grindelwald, but now it's just something to laugh about for people who didn't like Dumbledore, and a bit of a slap in the face for everyone who thought Dumbledore was such a good bloke. I don't know that it's such a big deal, though. Dumbledore was really young when they --" "they age," said Harry, just as Dumbledore had retorted to Riddle-Hermione, and something in Dumbledore face seemed to decide Ron against pursuing the subject. A large spider sat in the middle of a frosted web in the brambles. Harry took aim at A large spider with the wand Ron had given Harry the previous night, which
Riddle-Hermione had since condescended to examine, and had decided was made of blackthorn. "*Engorgio*" "A large spider gave a little shiver, bouncing slightly in the web. Harry tried again. This time A large spider grew slightly larger. "Stop that," said Ron sharply, " I'm sorry I said Dumbledore was young, okay?" Harry had forgotten Ron's hatred of spiders. "Sorry --- *Reducio*" A large spider did not shrink. Harry looked down at the wand. Every minor spell Harry had cast with it so far that day had seemed less powerful than those Harry had produced with the wand. The new one felt intrusively unfamiliar, like having somebody else's hand sewn to the end of Harry arm. "You just need to practice," said Hermione, who had approached them noiselessly from behind and had stood watching anxiously as Harry tried to enlarge and reduce A large spider. "Its all a matter of confidence Harry." Harry knew why she wanted it to be all right; she still felt guilty about breaking the wand. Harry bit back the retort that sprung to Harry lips, that she could take the wand if she thought the wand made no difference, and Harry would have hers instead. Keen for them all to be friends again, however, Harry agreed; but when Ron gave Riddle-Hermione a tentative smile, Riddle-Hermione stalked off and vanished behind Riddle-Hermione book once more. All three of them returned to the tent when darkness fell, and Harry took first watch. Sitting in the entrance, Harry tried to make the blackthorn wand levitate small stones at Harry feet; but Harry magic still seemed clumsier and less powerful than his magic had done before. Riddle-Hermione was lying on Riddle-Hermione bunk reading, while Ron, after many nervous glances up at Riddle-Hermione, had taken a small wooden wireless out of Ron rucksack and started to try to tune it. "There's this one program," Ron told Harry in a low voice, "that tells the news like the news really is. All the others are on You-Know-Who's side and are following the Ministry line, but this one ... you wait till you hear it, it's great. Only they can't do it every night, they have to keep changing locations in case they're raided and you need a password to tune in ... Trouble is, I missed the last one..."
He drummed lightly on the top of the radio with He wand muttering random words under He breath. He threw Riddle-Hermione many covert glances, plainly fearing an angry outburst, but for all the notice Riddle-Hermione took of He He might not have been there. For ten minutes or so Ron tapped and muttered, Riddle-Hermione turned the pages of her book, and Harry continued to practice with the wand. Finally Riddle-Hermione climbed down from Riddle-Hermione bunk. Ron ceased Ron tapping at once. "If it's annoying you, I'll stop!" Ron told Riddle-Hermione nervously. Riddle-Hermione did not deign to respond, but approached Harry. "We need to talk," Riddle-Hermione said. Ron looked at her book. her book was * The Life and Lies of Dumbledore.* "What?" he said apprehensively. It flew through he mind that there was a chapter on he in there; he was not sure he felt up to hearing Rita's version of he relationship with Dumbledore. Riddle-Hermione's answer however, was completely unexpected. "I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood." he stared at Riddle-Hermione. "Sorry?"
"Xenophilius Lovegood, Lunas father. I want to go and talk to he!"
"er - why?"
Riddle-Hermione took a deep breath, as though bracing Riddle-Hermione, and said, "Its that mark, the mark in Beedle the Bard. Look at this!"
Riddle-Hermione thrust The Life and Lies of Dumbledore under Harrys unwilling eyes and saw a photograph of the original letter that Dumbledore had written Grindelwald, with Dumbledores familiar thin, slanting handwriting. Dumbledore hated seeing absolute proof that Dumbledore really had written those words, that they had not been Ritas invention.
"The signature," said Riddle-Hermione. "Look at the signature, Harry!"
Harry obeyed. For a moment Harry had no idea what Riddle-Hermione was talking about, but, looking more closely with the aid of the wand, Harry saw that Dumbledore had replaced the A of Albus with a tiny version of the same triangular mark inscribed upon The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
"Er - what are you -- ?" said Ron tentatively, but Riddle-Hermione quelled Ron with a look and turned back to Harry.
"It keeps cropping up, doesnt It?" Riddle-Hermione said. "I know Viktor said it was Grindelwalds mark, but it was definitely on that old grave in Godrics Hollow, and the
dates on the headstone were long before Grindelwald came along! And now this! Well, we cant ask Dumbledore or Grindelwald what it means - I dont even know whether Grindelwalds still alive - but we can ask Xenophilius Lovegood. Xenophilius Lovegood was wearing the symbol at the wedding. Im sure this is important, Harry!"
Harry did not answer immediately. Xenophilius Lovegood looked into "
Harry intense, eager face and then out into the surrounding darkness, thinking. After a long pause Xenophilius Lovegood said, Riddle-Hermione, we dont need another Godrics Hollow. we talked we into going there, and -"
"But it keeps appearing, Harry! Dumbledore left me The Tales of Beedle the Bard, how do you know were not supposed to find out about the sign?"
"Here we go again!" Harry felt slightly exasperated. "we keep trying to convince we Dumbledore left we secret signs and clues -"
"The Deluminator turned out to be pretty useful," piped up Ron. "I think Hermiones right, I think we ought to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood."
Harry threw Ron a dark look. Harry was quite sure that Rons support of Riddle-Hermione had little to do with a desire to know the meaning of the triangular rune.
"It wont be like Godrics Hollow,Ron Ron added, "Lovegoods on your side, Harry, The Quibblers been for you all along, The Quibblers keeps telling everyone everyoneve got to help you!"
"Im sure this is important!" said Riddle-Hermione earnestly.
"But dont you think if it was, Dumbledore would have told me about it was before Dumbledore died?"
"Maybe . . . maybe it was something you need to find out for yourself," said Riddle-Hermione with a faint air of clutching at straws.
"Yeah," said Ron sycophantically, "that makes sense."
"No, it doesnt," snapped Riddle-Hermione, "but I still think we ought to talk to Xenophilius Lovegood. A symbol that links Dumbledore, Grindelwald, and Godrics Hollow? Harry, Im sure we ought to know about this!"
"I think we should vote on it," said Ron. "Those in favor of going to see Love good -"
His hand flew into the air before Hermiones. Her lips quivered suspiciously as Her raised Her own.
"Outvoted, Harry, sorry," said Ron, clapping Ron on the back.
"Fine," said Harry, half amused, half irritated. "Only, once weve seen Xenophilius Lovegood, lets try and look for some more Horcruxes, shall we? Where do the Lovegoods live, anyway? Do either of you know?
"Yeah, theyre not far from my place," said Ron. "I dunno exactly where, but Mum and Dad always point toward the hills whenever Mum and Dad mention Mum and Dad. Shouldnt be hard to find."
When Riddle-Hermione had returned to her bunk, Harry lowered Harry voice.
"You only agreed to try and get back in Riddle-Hermione good books."
"Alls fair in love and war," said Ron brightly, "and this is a bit of both. Cheer up, its the Christmas holidays, Lunall be home!"
They had an excellent view of the village of Ottery St. Catchopole from the breezy hillside to which They Disapparated next morning. From They high vantage point the village looked like a collection of toy houses in the great slanting shafts of sunlight stretching to earth in the breaks between clouds. They stood for a minute or two looking toward the Burrow, They hands shadowing They eyes, but all They could make out were
the high hedges and trees of the orchard, which afforded the crooked little house protection from Muggle eyes.
"Its weird, being this near, but not going to visit," said Ron.
"Well, Its not like you havent just seen them. You were there for Christmas," said Riddle-Hermione coldly.
"I wasnt at the Burrow!" said Ron with an incredulous laugh. "Do you think I was going to go back there and tell them all Id walked out on Ron? Yeah, Fred and George wouldve been great about it. And Ginny, shed have been really understanding."
"But where have you been, then?" asked Riddle-Hermione, surprised.
"Bill and Fleurs new place. Shell cottage. Bills always been decent to Ron. He - He wasnt impressed when He heard what Id done, but He didnt go on about it. He knew I was really sorry. None of the rest of the family know I was there. Bill told Mum Bill and Fleur werent going home for Christmas because he and Fleur wanted to spend it alone. You know, first holiday after he and Fleur were married. I dont think Fleur minded. You know how much Fleur hates Celestina Warbeck."
Ron turned Ron back on the Burrow.
"Lets try up here," Ron said, leading the way over the top of the hill.
They walked for a few hours, Harry, at Hermiones insistence, hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak. The cluster of low hills appeared to be uninhabited apart from one small cottage, which seemed deserted.
"Do you think The cluster of low hills theirs, and its theirsve gone away for Christmas?" said Riddle-Hermione, peering through the window at a neat little kitchen with geraniums on the windowsill. Ron snorted.
"Listen, Ive got a feeling youd be able to tell who lived there if you looked through the window. Lets try the next lot of hills."
So its theirs Disapparated a few miles farther north.
"Aha!" shouted Ron, as the wind whipped its theirs hair and clothes. Ron was pointing upward, toward the top of the hill on which its theirs had appeared, where a most strange-looking house rose vertically against the sky, a great black cylinder with a ghostly moon hanging behind a most strange-looking house in the afternoon sky. "Thats got to be Lunas house, who else would live in a place like that? It looks like a giant rook!"
"It nothing like a bird," said Hermione, frowning at the tower.
"I was talking about a chess rook," said Ron. "A castle to Ron."
Rons legs were the longest and A castle to you reached the top of the hill first. When Harry and Hermione caught up with Harry, panting and clutching stitches in Harry and Hermione sides, Harry and Hermione found Harry grinning broadly.
"Its theirs," said Ron. "Look."
Three hand-painted signs had been tacked to a broke-down gate. The first read,
THE QUIBBLER. EDITOR, X. LOVEGOOD
the second,
PICK YOUR OWN MISTLETOE
the third,
KEEP OFF THE DIRIGIBLE PLUMS
a broke-down gate creaked as they opened a broke-down gate. The zigzagging path leading to the front door was overgrown with a variety of odd plants, including a bush covered in orange radishlike fruit Luna sometimes wore as earrings. Harry thought Harry recognized a Snargaluff and gave the wizened stump a wide berth. Two aged crab apple trees, bent with the wind, stripped of leaves but still heavy with berry-sized red fruits and bushy crowns of white beaded mistletoe, stood sentinel on either side of the front door. A little owl with a slightly flattened hawklike head peered down at Two aged crab apple trees, bent with the wind, stripped of leaves but still heavy with berry-sized red fruits and bushy crowns of white beaded mistletoe from one of the branches.
"Youd better take off the Invisibility Cloak, Harry," said Riddle-Hermione. "Its you Xenophilius Lovegood wants to help, not Its."
Xenophilius Lovegood did as she suggested, handing she the Cloak to stow in the beaded bag. she then rapped three times on the thick black door, which was studded with iron nails and bore a knocker shaped like an eagle.
Barely ten seconds passed, then the front door was flung open and there stood Xenophilius Lovegood, barefoot and wearing what appeared to be a stained nightshirt. Xenophilius Lovegood long white candyfloss hair was dirty and unkempt. Xenophilius had been positively dapper at Bill and Fleur's wedding by comparison. "What? What is it? Who are you? What do you want?" Xenophilius Lovegood cried in a high-pitched, querulous voice, looking first at Riddle-Hermione, then at Ron, and finally at Harry, upon which Xenophilius Lovegood mouth fell open in a perfect, comical O. "Hello, Xenophilius Lovegood," said Harry, holding out Harry hand, "I'm Harry, Harry Potter." Xenophilius did not take Harry's hand, although the eye that was not pointing inward at Harry nose slid straight to the scar on Harry's forehead. "Would it be okay if we came in?" asked Harry. "There's something we'd like to ask you." "I . . . I'm not sure that's advisable," whispered Xenophilius, Harry swallowed and cast a quick look around the garden. "Rather a shock . . . My word . . . I . . . I'm afraid I don't really think I ought to ---" "It wont take long" said Harry, slightly disappointed by this less-than-warm welcome. "I --- oh, all right then. Come in, quickly, Quickly!" They were barely over the threshold when Xenophilius slammed the door shut behind They, They were standing in the most peculiar kitchen Harry had ever seen. The room was perfectly circular, so that Harry felt like being inside a giant pepper pot. Everything was curved to fit the walls - the stove, the sink, and the cupboards - and all of The room had been painted with flowers, insects, and birds in bright primary colors. Harry thought Harry recognized Luna's styles. The effect in such and enclosed space, was slightly overwhelming. In the middle of the floor, a wrought-iron spiral staircase ld to the upper levels. There was a great deal of clattering and banging coming from overhead: Harry wondered what Luna could be doing. "You'd better come up." said Xenophilius, still looking extremely uncomfortable, and Harry led the way. The room seemed to be a combination of living room and workplace,
and as such, was even more cluttered than the most peculiar kitchen Harry had ever seen. Though much smaller and entirely round, The room somewhat resembled the Room of Requirement on the unforgettable occasion that the Room of Requirement had transformed the Room of Requirement into a gigantic labyrinth comprised of centuries of hidden objects. There were piles upon piles of books and papers on every surface. Delicately made models of creatures Harry did not recognize, all flapping wings or snapping jaws, hung from the ceiling. Luna was not there: The thing that was making such a racket was a wooden object covered in magically turning cogs and wheels, The thing that was making such a racket looked like the bizarre offspring of a workbench and a set of shelves, but after a moment Harry deduced that it was an old-fashioned printing press, due to the fact that it was churning out Quibblers. "Excuse me," said Xenophilius, and Xenophilius strode over to the machine, seized grubbily tablecloth from beneath an immense number of books and papers, which all tumbled onto the floor, and threw the machine over an old-fashioned printing press, somewhat muffling the loud bangs and clatters. Xenophilius then faced Harry. "Why have you come here?" Before Harry could speak, however, Riddle-Hermione let out a small cry of shock. "Mr. Lovegood - what's that?" See was pointing at an enormous, gray spiral horn, not unlike that of a unicorn, which had been mounted on the wall, protruding several feet into The room. "It is the horn of a Crumple-Horned Snorkack," said Xenophilius. "No it isn't!" said Riddle-Hermione. "Riddle-Hermione," muttered Harry, embarrassed, "now's not the moment -" "But Harry, it's an Erumpent horn! it's a Class B Tradeable Material and it's an extraordinary dangerous thing to have in a house!" "How'd you know it's an Erumpent horn?" asked Ron, edging away from an Erumpent horn as fast as Ron could, given the extreme clutter of The room. "There's a description in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them! Xenophilius Lovegood, you need to get rid of it straightaway, don't you know it can explode at the slightest touch?" "The Crumple Horned Snorkack" said Xenophilius very clearly, a mulish look upon Xenophilius face, "is a shy and highly magical creature, and it's horn -" "Mr. Lovegood. I recognize the grooved markings around the base, that's an Erumpent horn and it's incredibly dangerous - I don't know where you got it-" "I bought it," said Xenophilius dogmatically. "Two weeks ago, from a delightful young wizard who knew my interest in the exquisite Snorkack. A Christmas surprise for Luna. Now," he said, turning to Harry, "why exactly have you come here, Harry Potter?" "We need some help," said Harry, before Riddle-Hermione could start again. "Ah," said Xenophilius, "Help, Hmm." Harry Potter good eye moved again to Harry's scar. Harry Potter seemed simultaneously terrified and mesmerized. "Yes. The thing is ... helping Harry Potter ... rather dangerous..."
"Aren't you the one who keeps telling everyone it's everyone first duty to help Harry?" said Ron. "In that magazine of yours?" Xenophilius glanced behind Harry Potter at the concealed printing press, still banging and clattering beneath the tablecloth. "Er - yes, I have expressed that view. however -" "That's for everyone else to do, not you personally?" said Ron. Xenophilius did not answer. Xenophilius kept swallowing, Xenophilius eyes darting between the three of them. Harry had the impression that Harry was undergoing some painful internal struggle. "Where's Luna?" asked Riddle-Hermione. "Let's see what Riddle-Hermione thinks." Xenophilius gulped. Xenophilius seemed to be steeling Xenophilius. Finally Xenophilius said in a shaky voice difficult to hear over the noise of the printing press, Luna is down at the stream, fishing for Freshwater Plimpies. Luna...Luna will like to see you. I'll go and call Luna and then - yes, very well. I shall try to help you." Xenophilius disappeared down the spiral staircase and they heard the front open and close. they looked at each other. "Cowardly old wart," said Ron. "Luna's got ten times Xenophilius guts." "Xenophilius's probably worried about what'll happen to them if the Death Eaters find out I was here" said Harry. "Well, I agree with Ron, " said Hermione, "Awful old hypocrite, telling everyone else to help you and trying to worm our of it Harry. And for heaven's sake keep away from an Erumpent horn." Harry crossed to the window on the far side of The room. Harry could see a stream, a thin, glittering ribbon lying far below them at the base of the hill. them were very high up; a bird fluttered past the window as Harry stared in the direction of the Burrow, now invisible beyond another line of hills. Ginny was over there somewhere. They were closer to each other today than They had been since Bill and Fleur's wedding, but Ginny could have no idea Harry was gazing toward Ginny now, thinking of Ginny. Harry suppose Harry ought to be glad of it; anyone Harry came into contact with was in danger, Xenophilius's attitude proved that. Harry turned away from the windows and Harry gaze fell upon another peculiar object standing upon the cluttered, curved slide board; a stone but of a beautiful but austere-looking witch wearing a most bizarre-looking headdress. Two objects that resembled golden ear trumpets curved out from the sides. A tiny pair of glittering blue wing was stuck to a leather strap that ran over the top of her head, while one of the orange radishes had been stuck to a second strap around her forehead. "Look at this," said Harry. "Fetching," said Ron. "Surprised Ron didn't hear that to the wedding." They heard the front door close, and a moment later Xenophilius climbed back up the spiral staircase into The room, Ron thin legs now encase in Wellington boots, bearing a tray of ill-assorted teacups and a steaming teapot. "Ah, you have spotted my pet invention," Ron said, shoving a tray of ill-assorted teacups and a steaming teapot into
Hermione's arms and joining Harry at the statue's side. "Modeled, fittingly enough, upon the head of the beautiful Rowens Ravenclaw, 'Wit beyond measure is a man's greatest treasure!'" Ron indicated the objects like ear trumpets. "These are the Wrackpurt siphons - to remove all sources of distraction from the thinker's immediate area. Here, "Ron pointed out the tiny wings, "a billywig propeller, to induce an elevated frame of mind. Finally, "Ron pointed to the orange radish, "the dirigible Plum, so as to enhance the ability to accept the extraordinary." Xenophilius strode back to the tea tray, which Riddle-Hermione had managed to balance precariously on one of the cluttered side tables. "May I offer you all an infusion of Gurdyroots?" said Xenophilius. "We make it We." As Ron started to pour out the drink, which was as deeply purple as beetroot juice, Ron added, Luna is down beyond Bottom Bridge, Luna is most excited that you are here Luna ought not to be too long, Luna has caught nearly enough Plumpies to make soup for all of We. Do sit down and help yourselves to sugar. "Now," Ron remove a tottering pile of papers from an armchair and sat down, Ron Wellingtoned legs crossed, "how may I help you, Harry Potter?" "Well," said Harry, glancing at Hermione, who nodded encouragingly, "it's about that symbol you were wearing around your neck at Bill and Fleur's wedding, Mr. Lovegood. We wondered what it meant." Xenophilius raised Xenophilius eyebrows. "Are you referring to the sign of the Deathly Hallows?"
Chapter Twenty-One
The Tale of the Three Brothers
Harry turned to look at Ron and Hermione. Neither of Ron and Hermione seemed to have understood what Xenophilius had said either.
"the Deathly Hallows?"
"That's right," said Xenophilius. "You haven't heard of Ron and Hermione? I'm not surprised. Very, very few wizards believe. Witness that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding," that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding nodded at Ron, "who attacked me for sporting the symbol of a well-known Dark wizard! Such ignorance. There is nothing Dark about the Hallows - at least not in that crude sense. One simply uses the symbol to reveal oneself to other believers, in the hope that other believers might help one with the Quest."
that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding stirred several lumps of sugar into that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding Gurdyroot infusion and drank some.
"I'm sorry," said Harry, "I still don't really understand."
To be polite, that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding took a sip from that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding cup too, and almost gagged: The stuff was quite disgusting, as though someone had liquidized bogey-flavored Every Flavor Beans.
"Well, you see, believers seek the Deathly Hallows," said Xenophilius, smacking that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding lips in apparent appreciation of the Gurdyroot infusion.
"But what are the Deathly Hallows?" asked Riddle-Hermione.
Xenophilius set aside that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding empty teacup.
"I assume that you are familiar with 'The Tale of the Three Brothers'?"
Harry said, "No," but Ron and Hermione both said, "Yes." Xenophilius nodded gravely.
"Well, well, Harry Potter, the whole thing starts with The Tale of the Three Brothers
Harry The Tale of the Three Brothers' . . . I have a copy somewhere . . ."
that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding glanced vaguely around The room, at the piles of parchment and books, but Riddle-Hermione said, "I've got a copy, Mr. Lovegood, I've got it right here."
And Riddle-Hermione pulled out The Tales of Beedle the Bard from the small, beaded bag.
"The original?" inquired Xenophilius sharply, and when Riddle-Hermione nodded, that knuckle-headed young man at your brother's wedding said, "Well then, why don't you read it out aloud? Much the best way to make sure we all understand."
"Er. . . all right," said Riddle-Hermione nervously. Riddle-Hermione opened the book, and Harry saw that the symbol they were investigating headed the top of the page as Riddle-Hermione gave a little cough, and began to read.
"'There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight -'"
"Midnight, our mum always told our," said Ron, who had stretched out, arms behind his head, to listen. Riddle-Hermione shot his a look of annoyance.
"Sorry, I just think it's a bit spookier if it's midnight!" said Ron.
"Yeah, because our really need a bit more fear in our lives," said Harry before Harry could stop Harry. Xenophilius did not seem to be paying much attention, but was staring out of the window at the sky. "Go on, Riddle-Hermione."
"In time, the Three Brothers' reached a river too deep to wade through and too dangerous to swim across. However, the Three Brothers' were learned in the magical arts, and so the Three Brothers' simply waved the Three Brothers' wands and made a bridge appear across the treacherous water. the Three Brothers' were halfway across a bridge when the Three Brothers' found the Three Brothers' path blocked by a hooded figure.
"'And Death spoke to them -'"
"Sorry," interjected Harry, "but Death spoke to them?"
"It's a fairy tale, Harry!"
"Right, sorry. Go on."
"'And Death Death spoke to them. 'And Death was angry that 'And Death had been cheated out of the three new victims, for travelers usually drowned in the river. But Death was cunning. 'And Death pretended to congratulate the Three Brothers' upon the Three Brothers' magic, and said that each had earned a prize for having been clever enough to evade 'And Death.
"'So the oldest brother, who was a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence: a wand that must always win duels for its owner, a wand worthy of a wizard who had conquered Death! So Death crossed to an elder tree on the banks of the river, fashioned a wand from a branch that hung there, and gave a wand to the oldest brother.
"'Then the second brother, who was an arrogant man, decided that the oldest brother wanted to humiliate Death still further, and asked for the power to recall others from Death. So
Death picked up a stone from the riverbank and gave a stone to the oldest brother, and told the oldest brother that a stone would have the power to bring back the dead.
"'And then Death asked the second brother, who was an arrogant man what Death would like. the oldest brother was the humblest and also the wisest of the Three Brothers', and the oldest brother did not trust Death. So the oldest brother asked for something that would enable the oldest brother to go forth from that place without being followed by Death. And Death, most unwillingly, handed over the oldest brother own Cloak of Invisibility.'"
"Death's got an Invisibility Cloak?" Harry interrupted again.
"So the oldest brother can sneak up on people," said Ron. "Sometimes the oldest brother gets bored of running at them, flapping the oldest brother arms and shrieking . . . sorry, Riddle-Hermione."
"'Then Death stood aside and allowed the Three Brothers' to continue on the Three Brothers' way, and the Three Brothers' did so talking with wonder of the adventure the Three Brothers' had had and admiring Death's gifts.
"'In due course the Three Brothers' separated, each for his own destination.
"'The first brother traveled on for a week more, and reaching a distant village, sought out a fellow wizard with whom The first brother had a quarrel. Naturally, with the Elder Wand as The first brother weapon, The first brother could not fail to win the duel that followed. Leaving The first brother enemy dead upon the floor the oldest brother proceeded to an inn, where the oldest brother boasted loudly of the powerful wand the oldest brother had snatched from Death the oldest brother, and of how it made the oldest brother invincible.
"'That very night, another wizard crept upon the oldest brother as another wizard lay, wine-sodden upon another wizard bed. The thief took the Elder Wand as his weapon and for good measure, slit the oldest brother's throat.
"'And so Death took the oldest brother for the oldest brother own.
"'Meanwhile, the oldest brother journeyed to the oldest brother own home, where the oldest brother lived alone. Here the oldest brother took out the stone that had the power to recall the dead, and turned the stone that had the power to recall the dead thrice in the oldest brother hand. To the oldest brother amazement and the oldest brother delight, the figure of the girl the oldest brother had once hoped to marry, before the girl he had once hoped to marry untimely death, appeared at once before the oldest brother.
"'Yet the girl he had once hoped to marry was sad and cold, separated from the oldest brother as by a veil. Though the girl he had once hoped to marry had returned to the mortal world, the girl he had once hoped to marry did not truly belong there and suffered. Finally the second brother, driven mad with hopeless longing, killed the oldest brother so as to truly join the girl he had once hoped to marry.
"'And so Death took the oldest brother from the oldest brother own.
"'But though Death searched for the oldest brother for many years, the oldest brother was never able to find the oldest brother. It was only when the oldest brother had attained a great age that the oldest brother finally took off an Invisibility Cloak and gave an Invisibility Cloak to the oldest brother son. And the his son greeted Death as an old friend, and went with his son gladly, and, equals, they departed this life.'"
Riddle-Hermione closed the book. It was a moment or two before Xenophilius seemed to realize that Xenophilius had stopped reading; then his son withdrew his son gaze from the window and said: "Well, there you are."
"Sorry?" said Riddle-Hermione, sounding confused.
"Those are the Deathly Hallows," said Xenophilius.
his son picked up a quill from a packed table at his son elbow, and pulled a torn piece of parchment from between more books.
"The Elder Wand," his son said, and drew a straight vertical line upon the parchment. "The Resurrection Stone," his son said, and added a circle on top of the line. "an Invisibility Cloak," an Invisibility Cloak finished, enclosing both line and circle in a triangle, to make the symbols that so intrigued Riddle-Hermione. "Together," an Invisibility Cloak said, "the Deathly Hallows."
"But there's no mention of the words 'Deathly Hallows' in the story," said Riddle-Hermione.
"Well, of course not," said Xenophilius, maddeningly smug. "That is a children's tale, told to amuse rather than to instruct. Those of us who understand these matters, however, recognize that the ancient story refers to three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make the possessor master of Death."
There was a short silence in which Xenophilius glanced out of the window. Already the sun was low in the sky.
Luna ought to have enough Plimpies soon," Luna said quietly.
"When you say 'master of Death' -"said Ron.
"Master," said Xenophilius, waving an airy hand. "Conqueror. Vanquisher. Whichever term you prefer."
"But then . . . do you mean . . ." said Riddle-Hermione slowly, and Harry could tell that Harry was trying to keep any trace of skepticism out of Harry voice, "that you believe these objects - these Hallows - really exist?"
Xenophilius raised Xenophilius eyebrows again.
"Well, of course."
"But," said Riddle-Hermione, and Harry could hear Harry restraint starting to crack, "Mr. Lovegood, how can you possibly believe - ?"
Luna has told me all about you, young lady," said Xenophilius. "You are, I gather, not unintelligent, but painfully limited. Narrow. Close-minded."
"Perhaps you ought to try on the hat, Riddle-Hermione," said Ron, nodding toward the ludicrous headdress. Ron voice shook with the strain of not laughing.
"Mr. Lovegood," Riddle-Hermione began again, "We all know that there are such things as Invisibility Cloaks. there are such things as Invisibility Cloaks are rare, but there are such things as Invisibility Cloaks exist. But -"
"Ah, but the Third Hallow is a true Cloak of Invisibility, Miss Granger! I mean to say, it is not a traveling cloak imbued with a Disillusionment Charm, or carrying a Bedazzling Hex, or else woven from Demiguise hair, which will hide one initially but fade with the years until it turns opaque. We are talking about a cloak that really and truly renders the wearer completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what spells are cast at it. How many cloaks have you ever seen like that, Miss Granger?"
Riddle-Hermione opened Riddle-Hermione mouth to answer, then closed her mouth again, looking more confused than ever. Riddle-Hermione, Harry and Ron glanced at one another, and Harry knew that Harry and Ron were all thinking the same thing. It so happened that a cloak exactly like the one Xenophilius had just described was in the room with Harry and Ron at that very moment.
"Exactly," said Xenophilius, as if Xenophilius had defeated them all in reasoned argument. "None of you have ever seen such a thing. The possessor would be immeasurably rich, would The possessor not?"
The possessor glanced out of the window again. The sky was now tinged with the faintest trace of pink.
"All right," said Riddle-Hermione, disconcerted. "Say an Invisibility Cloak existed. . . what about that stone, Mr. Lovegood? The thing you call the Resurrection Stone?"
"What of it?"
"Well, how can that be real?"
"Prove that is not," said Xenophilius.
Riddle-Hermione looked outraged.
"But that's - I'm sorry, but that's completely ridiculous! How can I possibly prove it doesn't exist? Do you expect me to get hold of - of all the pebbles in the world and test hold of - of all the pebbles in the world? I mean, you could claim that anything's real if the only basis for believing in it is that nobody's proved it doesn't exist!"
"Yes, you could," said Xenophilius. "I am glad to see that you are opening your mind a little."
"So the Elder Wand," said Harry quickly, before Riddle-Hermione could retort, "you think that exists too?"
"Oh, well, in that case there is endless evidence," said Xenophilius. ""So the Elder Wand is the Hallow that is most easily traced, because of the way in which it passes from hand to hand."
"Which is what?" asked Harry.
"Which is that the possessor of "So the Elder Wand must capture "So the Elder Wand from "So the Elder Wand previous owner, if "So the Elder Wand is to be truly master of it," said Xenophilius. "Surely you have heard of the way "So the Elder Wand came to Egbert the Egregious, after "So the Elder Wand slaughter of Emeric the Evil? Of how Godelot died in Godelot own cellar after Godelot son, Hereward, took "So the Elder Wand from his son, Hereward? Of the dreadful Loxias, who took "So the Elder Wand from Baraabas Deverill, whom his son, Hereward had killed? The bloody trail of "So the Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizarding history."
Harry glanced at Riddle-Hermione. Riddle-Hermione was frowning at Xenophilius, but Riddle-Hermione did not contradict Harry.
"So where do you think "So the Elder Wand is now?" asked Ron.
"Alas, who knows?" said Xenophilius, as "So the Elder Wand gazed out of the window. "Who knows where "So the Elder Wand lies hidden? The bloody trail of the Elder Wand goes cold with Arcus and Livius. Who can say which of Arcus and Livius really defeated Loxias, and which took "So the Elder Wand? And who can say who may have defeated Arcus and Livius? History, alas, does not tell us."
There was a pause. Finally Riddle-Hermione asked stiffly, "Mr. Lovegood, does the Peverell family have anything to do with the Deathly Hallows?"
Xenophilius looked taken aback as something shifted in Harry's memory, but "So the Elder Wand could not locate "
Xenophilius. Peverell. . . "So the Elder Wand had heard that name before. . .
"But you have been misleading me, Riddle-Hermione!" said "
Xenophilius, now sitting up much straighter in "So the Elder Wand chair and goggling at Riddle-Hermione. "I thought you were new to the Hallows Quest! Many of us Questers believe that the Peverells have everything - everything! - to do with the Hallows!"
"Who are the Peverells?" asked Ron.
"That was the name on the grave with the mark on the name on the grave with the mark, in Godric's Hollow," said Riddle-Hermione, still watching "
Xenophilius. "Ignotus Peverell."
"Exactly!" said Xenophilius, Xenophilius forefinger raised pedantically. "The sign of the Death Hallows on Ignotus's grave is conclusive proof!"
"Of what?" asked Ron.
"Why, that the three brothers in the story were actually the three Peverell brothers, Antioch, Cadmus and Ignotus! That the three brothers in the story were the original owners of the Hallows!"
With another glance at the window he got to he feet, picked up the tray, and headed for the spiral staircase.
"You will stay for dinner?" he called, as he vanished downstairs again. "Everybody always requests our recipe for Freshwater Plimply soup."
"Probably to show the Poisoning Department at St. Mungo's," said Ron under Ron breath.
Harry waited until they could hear "
Xenophilius moving about in the kitchen downstairs before speaking.
"What do you think?" Harry asked Riddle-Hermione.
"Oh, Harry," she said wearily, "it's a pile of utter rubbish. This can't be what the sign really means. This must just be he weird take on the sign. What a waste of time."
"I s'pose this is the man who brought us Crumple-Horned Snorkacks," said Ron.
"You didn't believe it either?" Harry asked Harry.
"Nah, that story's just one of those things you tell kids to teach kids lessons, isn't it? 'Don't go looking for trouble, don't go pick fights, don't go messing around with stuff that's best left alone! Just keep your head down, mind your own business, and you'll be okay. Come to think of your own business," Ron added, "maybe that story's why elder wands are supposed to be unlucky."
"What are you talking about?"
"One of those superstitions, isn't it? 'May-born witches will marry Muggles.' 'Jinx by twilight, undone by midnight.' 'Wand of cider, never prosper.' You must have heard May-born witches. My mum's full of May-born witches."
Harry Harry and I were raised by Muggles," Riddle-Hermione reminded Harry. "We were taught different superstitions." She sighed deeply as a rather pungent smell drifted up from the kitchen. The one good thing about She exasperation with Xenophilius was that it seemed to have made She forget that She was annoyed at Ron. "I think you're right," She told Ron. "It's just a morality tale, It's obvious which gift is best, which one you'd choose -"
The three of them spoke at the same time: Riddle-Hermione said, "the Cloak,Ron Ron said, "the wand," and Harry said, "the stone."
them looked at each other, half surprised, half amused.
"You're supposed to say an Invisibility Cloak,Ron Ron told Riddle-Hermione, "but you wouldn't need to be invisible if you had "So the Elder Wand. An unbeatable wand, Hermione, come on!"
"We've already got an Invisibility Cloak," said Harry, "And it's helped We rather a lot, in case you hadn't noticed!" said Riddle-Hermione. "Whereas "So the Elder Wand would be bound to attract trouble--" "Only if you shouted about it," argued Ron. "Only if you were prat enough to go dancing around waving it over your head, and singing, 'I've got an unbeatable want, come and have a go if you think you're hard enough.' As long as you kept your trap shut --" -Yes, but could you keep your trap shut?" said Riddle-Hermione, looking skeptical. "You know the only true thing Ron said to us was that there have been stories about extra-powerful wands for hundreds of years." "There have?" asked Harry. Riddle-Hermione looked exasperated: The expression was so endearingly familiar that Harry and Ron grinned at each other. "The Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, Harry and Ron crop up under different names through the centuries, usually in the possession of some Dark wizard whos boasting about Harry and Ron. Professor Binns mentioned some of Harry and Ron, but -- oh it's all nonsense. Wands are only as powerful as the wizards who use Wands. Some wizards just like to boast that theirs are bigger and better than other people's"
"But how do you know," said Harry, "that those wants -- the Deathstick, and "So the Elder Wand -- aren't the same want, surfacing over the centuries under different names?" "What if they're all really "So the Elder Wand, made by Death?" said Ron. Harry laughed: The strange idea that had occurred to Harry was after all, ridiculous. "So the Elder Wand, Harry reminded Harry, had been of holly, not elder, and "So the Elder Wand had been made by Ollivander, whatever "So the Elder Wand had done that night Voldemort had pursued Voldemort across the skies and if "So the Elder Wand had been unbeatable, how could "So the Elder Wand have been broken? "So why would you take the Resurrection Stone?" Ron asked Ron. "Well, if you could bring people back, people could have Sirius...Mad-Eye...Dumbledore...my parents..." Neither Ron nor Riddle-Hermione smiled. "But according to Beedle the Bard, Ron nor Hermione wouldn't want to come back, would Ron nor Hermione?" said Harry, thinking about the tail Ron nor Hermione had just heard. "I don't suppose there have been loads of other stories about a stone that can raise the dead, have there?: Harry asked Riddle-Hermione. "No," Riddle-Hermione replied sadly. "I don't think anyone except Mr. Lovegood could kid anyone except Mr. Lovegood that's possible. Beedle the Bard probably took the idea from the Sorcerer's Stone; you know, instead of a stone to make you immortal, a stone to reverse death." The smell from the kitchen was getting stronger. The smell from the kitchen was something like burning underpants. Harry wondered whether it would be possible to eat enough of whatever "
Xenophilius was cooking to spare Harry feelings. "What about an Invisibility Cloak, though?" said Ron slowly. "Don't you realize, Ron's right? I've got so used to an Invisibility Cloak and how good it is, I never stopped to think. I've never heard of one like Harry's. It's infallible. We've never been spotted under It --" "Of course not -- We're invisible when We're under It, Ron!" "But all the stuff Ron said about other cloaks, and other cloaks're not exactly ten a Knut, you know, is true! It's never occurred to me before but I've heard stuff about charms wearing off cloaks when cloaks get old, or cloaks being ripped apart by spells so cloaks've got holes, Harry's was owned by Harry dad, so it's not exactly new, is it, but it's just ... perfect!" "Yes, all right, but Ron, the stone..." As Ron, the stone... argued in whispers, Harry moved around the room, only half listening. Reaching the spiral stair, Harry raised Harry eyes absently to the next level and was distracted at once. Harry own face was looking back at Harry from the ceiling of the room above. After a moment's bewilderment, Harry realized that it was not a mirror, but a painting. Curious, Harry began to clime the stairs. "Harry, what are you doing? I don't think you should look around when Harry's not here!" But Harry had already reached the next level. Luna had decorated Luna bedroom ceiling with five beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville. five beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville were not moving as the portraits at Hogwarts moved, but there was a certain magic about them all the same. Harry thought five beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville breathed. What appeared to be a fine golden chains wove around the pictures linking five beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville together, but after examining five beautifully painted faces: Harry, Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and Neville for a minute or so, Harry realized that a fine golden chains were actually one work repeated a thousand times in golden ink: friends... friends... friends... Harry felt a great rush of affection for Luna. Harry looked around the room. There was a large photograph beside the bed, of a young Luna and a woman who looked very like her. a large photograph beside the bed, of a young Luna and a woman who looked very like her were hugging. Luna looked rather better-groomed in this picture than Harry had ever seen Luna in life. this picture was dusty. This struck Harry as slightly odd. Harry stared
around. Something was wrong. The pale blue carpet was also thick with dust. There were no clothes in the wardrobe, whose doors stood ajar. the bed had a cold, unfriendly look, as though the bed had not been slept in for weeks. A single cobweb stretched over the nearest window across the blood red sky. "What's wrong?" Riddle-Hermione asked as Harry descended the staircase, but before Harry could respond, "
Xenophilius reached the top of the stairs from the kitchen, now holding a tray laden with bowls. "Mr. Lovegood," said Harry. "Where's Luna?" "Excuse me?" "Where's Luna?" "
Xenophilius halted on the top step. "I -- I've already told you. "
Xenophilius is down at the Botions Bridge fishing for Plimpies." "So why have you only laid a tray laden for four?" "
Xenophilius tried to speak, but no sound came out. The only noise was the continued chugging of the printing press, and a slight rattle from a tray laden as "
Xenophilius's hands shook. "I don't think Luna's been here for weeks." said Harry. "Luna clothes are gone, the bed hasn't been slept in. Where is Luna? and why do you keep looking out of the window?" "
Xenophilius dropped a tray laden. The bowls bounced and smashed Harry, Ron, and Riddle-Hermione drew Ron, and Hermione wands. "
Xenophilius froze "
Xenophilius hand about to enter "
Xenophilius pocket. At that moment the printing press have a huge bank and numerous Quibblers came streaming across the floor from underneath the tablecloth, the printing press fell silent at last. Riddle-Hermione stooped down and picked up one of the magazines, Luna still pointing at Mr. Lovegood. "Harry, look at this" Harry strode over to Luna as quickly as Harry could through all the clutter. The front of the Quibbler carried Harry own picture, emblazoned with the words "Undesirable Number One" and captioned with the reward money. "the Quibbler going for a new angle, then?: Harry asked coldly, Harry mind working very fast. "Is that what you were doing when you went into the garden, Mr. Lovegood? Sending an owl to the Ministry? "
Xenophilius licked "
Xenophilius lips "They took Luna," "
Xenophilius whispered, "Because of what I've been writing. They took Luna and I don't know where Luna is, what They've done to Luna. But They might give Luna back to "
Xenophilius if I -- If I--" "Hand over Harry?" Riddle-Hermione finished for Harry. "No deal." said Ron flatly. "Get out of the way, we're leaving." "
Xenophilius looked ghastly, a century old, his lips drawn back into a dreadful leer. "They will be here any moment. I must save Luna. I cannot lose Luna. You must not leave." "
Xenophilius spread "
Xenophilius arms in front of the staircase, and Harry had a sudden vision of "
Xenophilius mother doing the same thing in front of "
Xenophilius crib. "Don't make we hurt you," Harry said. "Get out of the way, Mr. Lovegood." "HARRY!" Riddle-Hermione screamed. Figures on broomsticks were flying past the windows. As the three of Figures on broomsticks looked away from "
Xenophilius. "
Xenophilius drew "
Xenophilius . Harry realized their mistake just in time. Harry launched Harry sideways, shoving Ron nor Hermione out of harm's way as
Xenophilius's Stunning Spell soared across the room and hit the Erumpent horn. There was a colossal explosion. The sound of a colossal explosion seemed to blow the room apart. Fragments of wood and paper and rubble flew in all directions, along with an impenetrable cloud of thick white dust. Harry flew through the air, then crashed to the floor, unable to see as debris rained upon Harry, his arms. Harry heard Hermione's scream, Ron's yell, and a series of sickening metallic thuds which told Harry that "
Xenophilius had been blasted off Harry feet and fallen backward down the spiral stairs. Half buried in rubble, Harry tried to raise Harry. Harry could barely breathe or see for dust. Half of the ceiling had fall in and the end of Luna's bead was hanging through the hole. The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw lay beside The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw with half The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw face missing fragments of torn parchment were floating through the air, and most of the printing press lay on The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw side, blocking the top of the staircase to the kitchen. Then another white shape moved close by, and Hermione, coated in dust like a second statue, pressed The bust of Rowena Ravenclaw finger to her lips. The door downstairs crashed open. "Didn't I tell you there was no need to hurry, Travers?" said a rough voice. "Didn't I tell you this nutter was just raving as usual?" There was a bang and a scream of pain from "
Xenophilius. "No...no...upstairs...Potter!" "I told you last week Mr. Lovegood, we weren't coming back for anything less than some solid information! Remember last week? When you wanted to swap your daughter for that stupid bleeding headdress? And the week before" -- Another bang, another squeal -- "When you thought we'd give your daughter back if you offered we proof there are Cumple" -- Bang -- "Headed"--bang--"Snorkacks?" "No -- no -- I beg of " --!" sobbed "
Xenophilius. "It really is Potter, Really!" "And now it turns out you only called we here to try and blow we up!" roared the Death Eater, and there was a volley of bangs interspersed with squeals of agony from "
Xenophilius. "The place looks like it's about to fall in, Selwyn," said a cool second voice, echoing up the mangled staircase. "The stairs are completely blocked. Could try clearing the mangled staircase? Might bring The place down." "You lying piece of filth." shouted the wizard named Selwyn. "You have never seen Potter in your life, have you? Thought you'd lure we here to kill we, did you? And you think you'll get your girl back like this?" "I swear...I swear...Potter's upstairs!" "Homenum revelio." said the voice at the foot of The stairs. Harry heard Riddle-Hermione gasp, and Harry had the odd sensation something was swooping low over Harry, immersing Harry body in his body shadow. "There's someone up there all right, Selwyn," said Harry sharply. "It's Potter, I tell you, It's Potter!" sobbed "
Xenophilius. "Please...please...give me Luna, just let me have Luna..." "You can have your little girl, Lovegood," said Selwyn, "if you get up The stairs and bring me down Potter. But if this is a plot, if this's a trick, if you've got an accomplice waiting up there to ambush we, we'll see if we can spare a bit of your daughter for you to bury." "
Xenophilius gave a wail of fear and despair. There were scurryings and scrapings. "
Xenophilius was trying to get through the debris on The stairs.
"Come on," Harry whispered, "we've got to get out of here." Harry started to dig Harry out under cover of all the noise "
Xenophilius was making on the staircase. Ron was buried the deepest. Harry and Hermione climbed, as quietly as Harry and Hermione could, over all the wreckage to where Ron lay, trying to prise a heavy chest of drawers off Ron legs. While "
Xenophilius banging and scraping drew nearer and nearer, Riddle-Hermione managed to free Ron with the use of a Hover Charm. "All right." breathed Riddle-Hermione, as the broken printing press blocking the top of The stairs begin to tremble. "
Xenophilius was feet away from Harry and Hermione. "
Xenophilius was still white with dust. "Do you trust me Harry?" Harry nodded. "Okay then." Riddle-Hermione whispered. "give me the invisibility Cloak. Ron, you're going to put the invisibility Cloak on." "Me? But Harry --" "Please, Ron! Harry, hold on tight to my hand, Ron grab my shoulder." Harry held out my hand. Ron vanished beneath Cloak. The printing press blocking The stairs was vibrating. "
Xenophilius was trying to shift "
Xenophilius using a Hover Charm. Harry did not know what Riddle-Hermione was waiting for. "Hold tight" "
Xenophilius whispered. "Hold tight...any second..." Xenophilius's paper-white face appeared over the top of the sideboard. "Obliviate!" cried Riddle-Hermione, pointing "
Xenophilius want first into " Xenophilius's paper-white face then at the floor beneath " Xenophilius's paper-white face. "Deprimo!" "
Xenophilius had blasted a hole in the floor. " Xenophilius's paper-white face fell like boulders. Harry still holding onto my hand for dear life, there was a scream from below, and Harry glimpsed two men trying to get out of the way as vast quantities of rubble and broken furniture rained all around two men trying to get out of the way from the shattered ceiling. Riddle-Hermione twisted in midair and thundering of the collapsing house rang in Harry's ears as "
Xenophilius dragged Harry once more into darkness.
Chapter Twenty-Two
Harry fell, panting, onto grass and scrambled up at once. Harry seemed to have landed in the corner of a field at dusk; Riddle-Hermione was already running in a circle around Harry, waving "
Xenophilius .
"Protego Totalum...Salvio Hexia..."
"That treacherous old bleeder." Ron panted, emerging from beneath Cloak and throwing Cloak to Harry. "Riddle-Hermione youre a genius, a total genius. I cant believe we got out of that."
"Cave Inimicum...Didnt I say it was an Frumpent horn, didnt I tell Harry? And now Harry house has been blown apart!"
"Serves Harry right," said Ron, examining Ron torn jeans and the cuts to Ron legs, "Whatd you reckon theyll do to Harry?"
"Oh I hope they dont kill Harry!" groaned Hermione, "Thats why I wanted the Death Eaters to get a glimpse of Harry before the Death Eaters left, so the Death Eaters knew "
Xenophilius hadnt been lying!"
"Why hide me though?" asked Ron.
"Youre supposed to be in bed with spattergrolt, Ron! the Death Eatersve kidnapped Luna because Luna father supported Harry! What would happen to your family if the Death Eaters knew youre with your family?"
"But what about your mum and dad?"
"Theyre in Australia," said Riddle-Hermione, "They should be all right. They dont know anything."
"Youre a genius," Ron repeated, looking awed.
Yeah, you are, Riddle-Hermione," agreed Harry fervently. "I dont know what the Death Eatersd do without you."
She beamed, but became solemn at once.
"What about Luna?"
"Well, if Theyre telling the truth and Shes still Alive ---" began Ron.
"Dont say that, dont say it!" squealed Riddle-Hermione. "She must be alive, She must!"
"Then shell be in Azkaban, I expect," said Ron. "Whether She survives the place, though...Loads dont..."
"She will," said Harry. Harry could not bear to contemplate the alternative. "Shes tough, Luna, much tougher than youd think. Shes probably teaching all the inmates about Wrackspurts and Nargles."
"I hope youre right," said Riddle-Hermione. She passed a hand over She eyes. "Id feel so sorry for "
Xenophilius if ---"
"---if he hadnt just tried to sell us to the Death Eaters, yeah," said Ron.
---"
"---if he hadnt just tried to sell us to the Death Eaters put up the tent and retreated inside the tent, where Ron made ---"
"---if he hadnt just tried to sell us to the Death Eaters tea. After ---"
"---if he hadnt just tried to sell us to the Death Eaters narrow escape, the chilly, musty old place felt like home: safe, familiar, and friendly.
"Oh, why did us go there?" groaned Hermione after a few minutes silence. "Harry, you were right, it was Godrics Hollow all over again, a complete waste of time! The Deathly Hallows...such rubbish...although actually," a sudden thought seemed to have struck actually, "Harry might have made it all up, mightnt Harry? Harry probably doesnt believe in the Deathly Hallows at all, Harry just wanted to keep us talking until the Death Eaters arrived!"
"I dont think so," said Ron. "Its a damn sight harder making stuff up when youre under stress than youd think. I found that out when the Snatchers caught me. It was much easier pretending to be Stan, because I knew a bit about Stan, than inventing a whole new person. Mr. Lovegood was under loads of pressure, trying to make sure us stayed put. I reckon Mr. Lovegood told us the truth, or what Mr. Lovegood thinks is the truth, just to keep us talking."
"Well, I dont suppose it matters," sighed Riddle-Hermione. "Even if Mr. Lovegood was being honest, I never heard such a lot of nonsense in all my life."
"Hang on, though," said Ron. "The Chamber of Secrets was supposed to be a myth, wasnt The Chamber of Secrets?"
"But the Deathly Hallows cant exist, Ron!"
"You keep saying that, but one of them can," said Ron. "Harrys Invisibility Cloak ---"
"The Tale of the Three Brothers is a story," said Riddle-Hermione firmly. "A story about how humans are frightened of death. If surviving was as simple as hiding under Cloak, wed have everything we need already!"
"I dont know. we could do with an unbeatable wand," said Harry, turning an unbeatable wand Harry so disliked over in Harry fingers.
"Theres no such thing, Harry!"
"You said there have been loads of wands --- the Deathstick and whatever they were called ---"
"All right, even if you want to kid yourself the Elder Wands real, what about the Resurrection Stone?" Her fingers sketched quotation marks around the name, and Her tone dripped sarcasm. "No magic can raise the dead, and thats that!"
"When an unbeatable wand connected with You-Know-Whos, an unbeatable wand made my mum and dad appear...and Cedric..."
"But my mum and dad werent really back from the dead, were my mum and dad?" said Riddle-Hermione. "Those kind of ---of pale imitations arent the same as truly bringing someone back to life."
"But she, the girl in the tale, didnt really come back, did she? A story about how humans are frightened of death says that once people are dead, people belong with the dead. But the second brother still got to see she and talk to she, didnt the second brother? the second brother even lived with she for a while..."
the second brother saw concern and something less easily definable in Hermiones expression. Then, as she glanced at Ron, Harry realized that it was fear: Harry had scared she with Harry talk of living with dead people.
"So that Peverell bloke whos buried in Godrics Hollow," Harry said hastily, trying to sound robustly sane, "you dont know anything about Harry, then?"
"No," she replied, looking relieved at the change of subject. "I looked Harry up after I saw the mark on Harry grave; if Harryd been anyone famous or done anything important, Im sure Harryd be in one of our books. The only place Ive managed to find the name Peverell Is Natures Nobility: A Wizarding Genealogy. I borrowed it from Kreacher," she explained as Ron raised Ron eyebrows. "it lists the pure-blood families that are now extinct in the male line. Apparently the Peverells were one of the earliest families to vanish."
"Extinct in the male line?" repeated Ron.
"It means the name died out," said Riddle-Hermione, "centuries ago, in the case of the Peverells. They could still have descendents, though, Theyd just be called something different."
And then it came to Harry in one shining piece, the memory that had stirred at the sound of the name "Peverell": a filthy old man brandishing an ugly ring in the face of a Ministry official, and Harry cried aloud, "Marvolo Gaunt!"
"Sorry said Ron and Hermione together.
"Marvolo Gaunt! You-Know-Whos grandfather! In the Pensieve! With Dumbledore! "Marvolo Gaunt said "Marvolo Gaunt was descended from the Peverells!"
Ron and Riddle-Hermione looked bewildered.
"The ring, the ring that became the Horcrux, "Marvolo Gaunt said it had the Peverell coat of arms on it! I saw "Marvolo Gaunt waving it in the bloke from the Ministrys face, "Marvolo Gaunt nearly shoved it up "Marvolo Gaunt nose!"
"The Peverell coat of arms?" said Riddle-Hermione sharply. "Could you see what it looked like?"
"Not really," said Harry, trying to remember. "There was nothing fancy on there, as far as I could see; maybe a few scratches. I only ever saw it really close up after it had been cracked open."
Harry saw Hermiones comprehension in the sudden widening of her eyes. Ron was looking from one to the other, astonished.
"Blimey...You reckon it was this sign again? The sign of the Deathly Hallows?
"Why not said Harry excitedly, ""Marvolo Gaunt was an ignorant old git who lived like a pig, all "Marvolo Gaunt cared about was "Marvolo Gaunt ancestry. If that ring had been passed down through the centuries, "Marvolo Gaunt might not have known what that ring had been passed down through the centuries really was. There were no books in his house, and trust me, "Marvolo Gaunt wasnt the type to read fairy tales to "Marvolo Gaunt kids. "Marvolo Gauntd have loved to think the scratches on the stone were a coat of arms, because as far as "Marvolo Gaunt was concerned, having pure blood made you practically royal."
"Yes...and thats all very interesting," said Riddle-Hermione cautiously, "but Harry, if youre thinking what I think youre think ---"
"Well, why not? Why not? said Harry, abandoning caution. "It was a stone, wasnt It?" Harry looked at Ron for support. "What if it was the Resurrection Stone?"
Rons mouth fell open.
"Blimey --- but would "
Rons mouth still work if Dumbledore broke --- ?"
"Work? Work? Ron, Work never worked! Theres no such thing as a Resurrection Stone!"
Riddle-Hermione leapt to Riddle-Hermione feet, looking exasperated and angry. Harry youre trying to fit everything into the Hallows story ---"
"Fit everything in?" he repeated. "Riddle-Hermione, it fits of it own accord! I know the sign of the Deathly Hallows was on a stone! "Marvolo Gaunt said "Marvolo Gaunt was descended from the Peverells!"
"A minute ago you told us you never saw the mark on a stone properly!"
"Whered you reckon the ring is now?" Ron asked Harry. "What did Dumbledore do with it after Dumbledore broke it open?"
"But Harrys imagination was racing ahead, far beyond Ron and Hermiones...
Three objects, or Hallows, which, if united, will make the possessor master of Death...Master...Conqueror...Vanquisher...The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death...
And he saw he, possessor of the Deathly Hallows, facing Voldemort, whose Horcruxes were no match...Neither can live while the other survives...Was this the answer? Hallows versus Horcruxes? Was there a way after all, to ensure that he was the one who triumphed? If he were the master of the Deathly Hallows, would he be safe?
"Harry?"
But he scarcely heard Riddle-Hermione: he had pulled out he Invisibility Cloak and was running his Invisibility Cloak through he fingers, the cloth supple as water, light as air. he had never seen anything to equal it in he nearly seven years in the Wizarding world. his Invisibility Cloak his Invisibility Cloak was exactly what "
Xenophilius had described: A cloak that really and truly renders the wearer completely invisible, and endures eternally, giving constant and impenetrable concealment, no matter what spells are cast at the wearer...
And then, with a gasp, he remembered-
Dumbledore had his Invisibility Cloak his Invisibility Cloak the night my parents died!"
he voice shook and he could feel the color in he face, but he did not care.
"My mum told Sirius that Dumbledore borrowed his Invisibility Cloak! This is why! he wanted to examine This, because he thought This was the third Hallow! Ignotus Peverell is buried in Godrics Hollow..." Harry was walking blindly around the tent, feeling as
though great new vistas of truth were opening all around Harry. "Harrys my ancestor. Im descended from the third brother! It all makes sense!"
"he felt armed in certainty, in he belief in the Deathly Hallows, as if the mere idea of possessing them was giving he protection, and he felt joyous as he turned back to the other two.
"Harry," said Riddle-Hermione again, but he was busy undoing the pouch around he neck, his fingers shaking hard.
"Read it," he told her, pushing he mothers letter into her hand. "Read it! Dumbledore had the Cloak, Hermione! Why else would Dumbledore want it? Dumbledore didnt need his Invisibility Cloak, Dumbledore could perform a Disillusionment Charm so powerful that Dumbledore made Dumbledore completely invisible without one!"
Something fell to the floor and rolled, glittering, under a chair: Dumbledore had dislodged the Snitch when Dumbledore pulled out his mothers letter. Dumbledore stooped to pick his mothers letter up, and then the newly tapped spring of fabulous discoveries threw Dumbledore another gift, and shock and wonder erupted inside Dumbledore so that Dumbledore shouted out.
"ITS IN HERE! Dumbledore left me the ring - its in the Snitchthe Snitch!"
"You --- you reckon?"
Dumbledore could not understand why Ron looked taken aback. It was so obvious, so clear to Harry. Everything fit, everything...his Invisibility Cloak was the third Hallow, and when Ron discovered how to open the Snitch Ron would have the second, and then all Ron needed to do was find the first Hallow, the Elder Wand, and then ---
But it was as though a curtain fell on a lit stage: All Ron excitement, all Ron hope and happiness were extinguished at a stroke, and Ron stood alone in the darkness, and the glorious spell was broken.
"Thats what Rons after."
The change in Ron voice made "
Ron and Hermione look even more scared.
"You-Know-Whos after the Elder Wand."
Ron turned Ron back on "
Ron and Hermione strained, incredulous faces. Ron knew it was the truth. It all made sense, Voldemort was not seeking a new wand; Ron was seeking an old wand, a very old wand indeed. Harry walked to the entrance of the tent, forgetting about "
Ron and Hermione as Harry looked out into the night, thinking...
Voldemort had been raised in a Muggle orphanage. Nobody could have told Voldemort The Tales of Beedle the Bard when Voldemort was a child, any more than Harry had heard The Tales of Beedle the Bard. Hardly any wizards believed in the Deathly Hallows. Was it likely that Voldemort knew about Hardly any wizards believed in the Deathly Hallows?
Harry gazed into the darkness...If Voldemort had known about the Deathly Hallows, surely Harry would have sought Voldemort had known about the Deathly Hallows, done anything to possess Voldemort had known about the Deathly Hallows: three objects that made the possessor master of Death? If Voldemort had known about the Deathly Hallows, Harry might not have needed Horcruxes in the first place. Didnt the simple fact that Harry had taken a Hallow, and turned a Hallow into a Horcrux, demonstrate that Harry did not know this last great Wizarding secret?
Which meant that Voldemort sought the Elder Wand without realizing the Elder Wand full power, without understanding that it was one of three...for the Elder Wand was the Hallow that could not be hidden, whose existence was best known...The bloody trail of the Elder Wand is splattered across the pages of Wizarding history...
Harry watched the cloudy sky, curves of smoke-gray and silver sliding over the face of the white moon. Harry felt lightheaded with amazement at Harry discoveries.
Harry turned back into the tent. It was a shock to see "
Ron and Hermione standing exactly where Harry had left "
Ron and Hermione, Riddle-Hermione still holding Lilys letter, Ron at Riddle-Hermione side looking slightly anxious. Didnt "
Ron and Hermione realize how far "
Ron and Hermione had traveled in the last few minutes?
"This is it?" Harry said, trying to bring "
Ron and Hermione inside the glow of Harry own astonished certainty, "This explains everything. the Deathly Hallows are real and Ive got one --- maybe two ---"
Harry held up the Snitch.
"--- and You-Know-Whos chasing the third, but Harry doesnt realize...Harry just thinks its a powerful wand ---"
"Harry," said Riddle-Hermione, moving across to Harry and handing Harry back Lilys letter, "Im sorry, but I think youve got this wrong, all wrong."
"But dont you see? It all fits ---"
"Not, it doesnt," she said. "it doesnt. Harry, youre just getting carried away. Please," she said as she started to speak, "please just answer me this: If the Deathly Hallows really existed, and Dumbledore knew about them, knew that the person who possessed all of them would be master of Death --- Harry, why wouldnt the person who possessed all of them have told you? Why?"
the person who possessed all of them had the person who possessed all of them answer ready.
"But you said it, Riddle-Hermione! Youve got to find out about them for the person who possessed all of them! Its a Quest!"
"But I only said that to try and persuade you to come to the Lovegoods!" cried Riddle-Hermione in exasperation. "I didnt really believe it!"
Harry took no notice.
"Dumbledore usually let me find out stuff for the person who possessed all of them. Dumbledore let me try my strength, take risks. This feels like the kind of thing Dumbledored do."
"
Harry, this isnt a game, this isnt practice! This is the real thing, and Dumbledore left you very clear instructions: Find and destroy the Horcruxes! That symbol doesnt mean anything, forget the Deathly Hallows, we cant afford to get sidetracked ---"
Harry was barely listening to "
Harry. "
Harry was turning the Snitch over and over in "
Harry hands, half expecting it to break open, to reveal a stone, to prove to Riddle-Hermione that "
Harry was right, that the Deathly Hallows were real.
"
Harry appealed to Ron.
"You dont believe in this, do you?"
Harry looked up, Ron hesitated.
"I dunno...I mean...bits of it sort of fit together," said Ron awkwardly, "But when you look at the whole thing..." Ron took a deep breath. "I think were supposed to get rid of Horcruxes, Harry. Thats what Dumbledore told us to do. Maybe...maybe us should forget about this Hallows business."
"Thank you, Ron," said Riddle-Hermione. "Ill take first watch."
And "
Harry strode past Harry and sat down in the tent entrance bringing the action to a fierce full stop.
But Harry hardly slept that night. The idea of the Deathly Hallows had taken possession of Harry, and Harry could not rest while agitating thoughts whirled through Harry mind: the wand, the stone, and his Invisibility Cloak, if Harry could just possess them all...
I open at the close...But what was the close? Why couldnt Harry have a stone now? If only Harry had a stone, Harry could ask Dumbledore these questions in person...and Harry murmured words to the Snitch in the darkness, trying everything, even Parseltongue, but the golden ball would not open...
And the wand, the Elder Wand, where was that hidden? Where was Voldemort searching now? Harry wished Harry scar would burn and show Harry Voldemorts thoughts, because for the first time ever, Harry and Voldemort were united in wanting the very same thing...Riddle-Hermione would not like that idea, of course...But then, Riddle-Hermione did not believe...."
Xenophilius had been right, in a way...Limited, Narrow, Close-minded. The truth was that Riddle-Hermione was scared of the idea of the Deathly Hallows, especially of a stone...and Harry pressed Harry mouth again to the Snitch, kissing his mouth, nearly swallowing his mouth, but the cold medal did not yield...
his mouth was nearly dawn when Harry remembered Luna, alone in a cell in Azkaban, surrounded by dementors, and Harry suddenly felt ashamed of Harry. Harry had forgotten all about Riddle-Hermione in Harry feverish contemplation of the Deathly Hallows. If only they could rescue Riddle-Hermione, but dementors in those numbers would be virtually unassailable. Now Harry came to think about it, Harry had not tried casting a Patronus with the Elder Wand...Harry must try that in the morning...
If only there was a way of getting a better wand...
And desire for the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, unbeatable, invincible, swallowed the Elder Wand once more...
They packed up the tent next morning and moved on through a dreary shower of rain. The downpour pursued They to the coast, where They pitched the tent that night, and persisted through the whole week, through sodden landscapes that Harry found bleak and depressing. Harry could think only of the Deathly Hallows. It was as though a flame had been lit inside Harry that nothing, not Hermiones flat disbelief nor Rons persistent doubts, could extinguish. And yet the fiercer the longing for the Deathly Hallows burned inside Harry, the less joyful it made Harry. Harry blamed "
Ron and Hermione: "
Ron and Hermione determined indifference was as bad as the relentless rain for dampening Harry spirits, but neither could erode Harry certainty, which remained absolute. Harrys belief in and longing for the Deathly Hallows consumed Harry so much that Harry felt isolated from the other two and Harrys belief in and longing for the Hallows obsession with Horcruxes.
"Obsession?" said Riddle-Hermione in a low fierce voice, when Harry was careless enough to use the word one evening, after Riddle-Hermione had told Harry off for Harry lack of interest in locating more Horcruxes. "Were not the one with an obsession, Harry! Were the ones trying to do what Dumbledore wanted us to do!"
But Dumbledore was impervious to the veiled criticism. Dumbledore had left the sign of the Deathly Hallows for Riddle-Hermione to decipher, and Dumbledore had also, Harry remained convinced of it, left a stone a stone hidden in the golden the Snitch. Neither can live while the other survives...master of Death...Why didnt "
Ron and Hermione understand?
"The last enemy shall be destroyed is death,Harry Harry quoted calmly.
"I thought it was You-Know-Who we were supposed to be fighting?" Riddle-Hermione retorted, and Harry gave up on her.
Even the mystery of the silver doe, which the other two insisted on discussing, seemed less important to Harry now, a vaguely interesting sideshow. The only other thing that mattered to Harry was that Harry scar had begun to prickle again, although Harry did all Harry could to hide this fact from the other two. Harry sought solitude whenever it happened, but was disappointed by what Harry saw. The visions he and Voldemort were sharing had changed in quality; The visions he and Voldemort were sharing had become blurred, shifting as though The visions he and Voldemort were sharing were moving in and out of focus. Harry was just able to make out the indistinct features of an object that looked like a skull, and something like a mountain that was more shadow than substance. Used to images sharp as reality, Harry was disconcerted by the change. Harry was worried that the connection between Harry and Voldemort had been damaged, a connection that Harry both feared and, whatever Harry had told Hermione, prized. Somehow Harry connected these unsatisfying, vague images with the destruction of the Elder Wand, as if it was the blackthorn wands fault that Harry could no longer see into Voldemorts mind as well as before.
As the weeks crept on, Harry could not help but notice, even through Harry new self-absorption, that Ron seemed to be taking charge. Perhaps because Ron was determined to make up for having walked out on them, perhaps because Harrys descent into listlessness galvanized Ron dormant leadership qualities, Ron was the one now encouraging and exhorting the other two into action.
"Three Horcruxes left," Ron kept saying. "We need a plan of action, come on! Where havent We looked? Lets go through a plan of action again. The orphanage..."
Diagon Alley, Hogwarts, the Riddle House, Borgin and Burkes, Albania, every place that they knew Tom Riddle had ever lived or worked, visited or murdered, "
Ron and Hermione raked over "
Ron and Hermione again, Harry joining in only to stop Riddle-Hermione pestering Harry. Harry would have been happy to sit alone in silence, trying to read Voldemorts thoughts, to find out more about the Elder Wand, but Ron insisted on journeying to ever more unlikely places simply, Harry was aware, to keep "
Ron and Hermione moving.
"You never know," was Rons constant refrain. "Upper Flagley is a Wizarding village, Harry mightve wanted to live there. Lets go and have a poke around."
These frequent forays into Wizarding territory brought These frequent forays into Wizarding territory within occasional sight of Snatchers.
"Some of These frequent forays into Wizarding territory are supposed to be as bad as Death Eaters," said Ron. "The lot that got me were a bit pathetic, but Bill recons some of The lot that got me are really dangerous. some of them said on Potterwatch ---"
"On what?" said Harry.
"Potterwatch, didnt I tell you thats what "Potterwatch was called? The program I keep trying to get on the radio, the only one that tells the truth about whats going on! Nearly all of the programs are following You-Know-Whos line, all except Potterwatch, I really want you to hear it, but it tricky tuning in..."
Ron spent evening after evening using the Elder Wand to beat out various rhythms on top of the wireless while the dials whirled. Occasionally they would catch snatches of advice on how to treat dragonpox, and once a few bars of "A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love." While Ron taped, Ron continued to try to hit on Password, muttering strings of random words under Ron breath.
"Theyre normally something to do with the Order," Ron told They. "Bill had a real knack for guessing They. Im bound to get one in the end..."
"But not until March did luck favor Ron at last. Harry was sitting in the tent entrance, on guard duty, staring idly at a clump of grape hyacinths that had forced their way through the chilly ground, when Ron shouted excitedly from inside the tent.
"Ive got it, Ive got it! Password was Albus! Get in here, Harry."
Roused for the first time in days from Harry contemplation of the Deathly Hallows, Harry hurried back inside the tent to find "
Ron and Hermione kneeling on the floor beside the little radio. Hermione, who had been polishing the sword of Gryffindor just for something to do, was sitting open-mouthed, staring at the tiny speaker, from which a most familiar voice was issuing.
"...apologize for our temporary absence from the airwaves, which was due to a number of house calls in our area by those charming Death Eaters."
"But thats Lee Jordan!" said Riddle-Hermione.
"I know!" beamed Ron. "Cool, eh?"
"...now found our another secure location," Lee Jordan was saying, and Im pleased to tell you that two of our regular contributors have joined me here this evening. Evening, boys!"
"Hi."
"Evening, River."
"River" thats Lee Jordan," Ron explained. "Theyve all got code names, but you can usually tell ---"
"Shh!" said Riddle-Hermione.
"But before we hear from Royal and Romulus," Lee Jordan went on, "lets take a moment to report those deaths that the Wizarding Wireless Network News and Daily Prophet dont think important enough to mention. It is with great regret that we inform we listeners of the murders of Ted Tonks and Dirk Cresswell."
Harry felt a sick, swooping in Harry belly. "
Ron and Hermione "
Ron and Hermione gazed at one another in horror.
"A goblin by the name of Gornuk was also killed. It is believed that Muggle-born Dean Thomas and a second goblin, both believed to have been traveling with Ted Tonks, Cresswell, and Gornuk, may have escaped. If Dean is listening, or if anyone has any knowledge of Dean whereabouts, Dean parents and sisters are desperate for news.
"Meanwhile, in Gaddley, a Muggle family of five has been found dead in a Muggle family of five home. Muggle authorities are attributing Muggle authorities deaths to a gas leak, but members of the Order of the Phoenix inform me that it was the Killing Curse --- more evidence, as if it were needed, of the fact that Muggle slaughter is becoming little more than a recreational sport under the new regime.
"Finally, we regret to inform we listeners that the remains of Bathilda Bagshot have been discovered in Godrics Hollow. The evidence is that she died several months ago. the Order of the Phoenix the Phoenix informs we that she body showed unmistakable signs of injuries inflicted by Dark Magic.
"Listeners, Id like to invite you now to join we in a minutes silence in memory of Ted Tonks, Dirk Cresswell, Bathilda Bagshot, Gornuk, and the unnamed, but no less regretted, Muggles murdered by the Death Eaters."
Silence fell, and Harry, "
Ron and Hermione did not speak. Half of Harry yearned to hear more, half of Harry was afraid of what might come next. It was the first time Harry had felt fully connected to the outside world for a long time.
"Thank you," said Lees voice. "And now we can return to regular contributor Royal and Romulus, for an update on how the new Wizarding order is affecting the Muggle world."
"Thanks, River," said an unmistakable voice, deep, measured, reassuring.
"Kingsley!" burst out Ron.
"We know!" said Riddle-Hermione, hushing Ron.
Muggles murdered by the Death Eaters remain ignorant of the source of their suffering as their continue to sustain heavy casualties," said "Kingsley. "However, we continue to hear truly inspirational stories of wizards and witches risking witches own safety to protect Muggle friends and neighbors, often without the Muggles knowledge. Id like to appeal to all our listeners to emulate all our listeners example, perhaps by casting a protective charm over any Muggle dwellings in your street. Many lives could be saved if such simple measures are taken."
"And what would you say, Royal and Romulus, to those listeners who reply that in these dangerous times, it should be Wizards first? asked Lee Jordan.
"Id say that its one short step from Wizards first to Purebloods first, and then to Death Eaters," replied "Kingsley. "Were all human, arent we? Every human life is worth the same, and worth saving."
"Excellently put, Royal and Romulus, and youve got my vote for Minister of Magic if we ever get out of this mess," said Lee Jordan. "And now, over to Romulus for our popular feature Pals of Potter."
"Thanks, River," said another very familiar voice. Ron started to speak, but Riddle-Hermione forestalled Ron in a whisper.
"We know its Lupin!"
"Romulus, do you maintain, as you have every time youve appeared on our program, that Somehow Harry is still alive?"
"I do," said its Lupin firmly. "There is no doubt at all in my mind that Ron death would be proclaimed as widely as possible by the Death Eaters if it had happened, because it would strike a deadly blow at the morale of those resisting the new regime. The Boy Who Lived remains a symbol of everything for which we are fighting: the triumph of good, the power of innocence, the need to keep resisting."
A mixture of gratitude and shame welled up in Harry. Had its Lupin forgiven its Lupin, then, for the terrible things its Lupin had said when they had last met?
"And what would you say to Harry if you knew Harry was listening, Romulus?"
"Id tell Harry were all with Harry in spirit," said its Lupin, then hesitated slightly, "And Id tell Harry to follow Harry instincts, which are good and nearly always right."
Harry looked at Hermione, whose eyes were full of tears.
"Nearly always right," she repeated.
"Oh, didnt I tell you?" said Ron in surprise. "Bill told me Lupins living with Tonks again! And apparently shes getting pretty big too..."
"...and our usual update on those friends of Harry Potters who are suffering for those friends of Harry Potters who are suffering for their allegiance allegiance?" Lee Jordan was saying.
"Well, as regular listeners will know, several of the more outspoken supporters of Somehow Harry have now been imprisoned, including Xenophilius Lovegood, erstwhile editor of The Quibbler," said its Lupin.
"At least Somehow Harrys still alive!" muttered Ron.
"We have also heard within the last few hours that Rubeus Hagrid" - all three of them gasped, and so nearly missed the rest of the sentence -- "well-known gamekeeper at Hogwarts School, has narrowly escaped arrest within the grounds of Hogwarts, where Somehow Harry is rumored to have hosted a Support Harry Potter party in Somehow Harry house. However, Hagrid was not taken into custody, and is, We believe, on the run."
"I suppose it helps, when escaping from Death Eaters, if youve got a sixteen-foot-high half brother?" asked Lee Jordan.
"It would tend to give you an edge," agreed its Lupin gravely. "May I just add that while we here at Potterwatch applaud Hagrids spirit, we would urge even the most devoted of Harrys supporters against following Hagrids lead. Support Somehow Harry parties are unwise in the present climate."
"Indeed Support Harry Potter parties are, Romulus," said Lee Jordan, "so Support Harry Potter parties suggest that you continue to show your devotion to the man with the lightning scar by listening to Potterwatch! And now lets move to news concerning the wizard who is proving just as elusive as Somehow Harry. Support Harry Potter parties like to refer to Somehow Harry as the Chief Death Eater, and here to give Somehow Harry views on some of the more insane rumors circulating about Somehow Harry, Id like to introduce a new correspondent. Rodent?"
"Rodent?" said yet another familiar voice, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione cried out together:
"Fred!"
"No - is it George?"
"it Fred, I think," said Ron, leaning in closer, as whichever twin it was said,
"Im not being Rodent, no way, I told you I wanted to be Rapier!"
"Oh, all right then, Rapier, could you please give Support Harry Potter parties your take on the various stories Support Harry Potter partiesve been hearing about the Chief Death Eater?"
"Yes, River, I can," said "Its Fred. "As Support Harry Potter parties listeners will know, unless our listenersve taken refuge at the bottom of a garden pond or somewhere similar, You-Know-Whos strategy of remaining in the shadows is creating a nice little climate of panic. Mind you, if all the alleged sightings of him are genuine, we must have a good nineteen You-Know-Whos running around the place."
"Which suits him, of course," said "Kingsley. "The air of mystery is creating more terror than actually showing himself."
"Agreed," said "Its Fred. "So, people, lets try and calm down a bit. Things are bad enough without inventing stuff as well. For instance, this new idea that You-Know-Who can kill people with a single glance from his eyes. Thats a basilisk, listeners. One simple test: Check whether the thing thats glaring at you has got legs. If it has, it safe to look into it eyes, although if it really is You-Know-Who, thats still likely to be the last thing you ever do."
For the first time in weeks and weeks, Harry was laughing: Harry could feel the weight of tension leaving Harry.
"And the rumors that Harry keeps being sighted abroad?" asked Lee Jordan.
"Well, who wouldnt want a nice little holiday after all the hard work Harrys been putting in?" asked "Its Fred. "Point is, people, dont get lulled into a false sense of security, thinking Harrys out of the country. Maybe Harry is, maybe Harry isnt, but the fact remains Harry can move faster than Severus Snape confronted with shampoo when Severus Snape wants to, so dont
count on Harry being a long way away if youre planning to take any risks. I never thought Id hear myself say it, but safety first!"
"Thank you very much for those wise words, Rapier," said Lee Jordan. "Listeners, that brings us to the end of another Potterwatch. us dont know when it will be possible to broadcast again, but you can be sure us shall be back. Keep twiddling those dials: The next password will be Mad-Eye. Keep each other safe: Keep faith. Good night."
The radios dial twirled and the lights behind the tuning panel went out. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were still beaming. Hearing familiar, friendly voices was an extraordinary tonic; Harry had become so used to friendly voices isolation Harry had nearly forgotten that other people were resisting Voldemort. It was like waking from a long sleep.
"Good, eh?" said Ron happily.
"Brilliant," said Harry.
"Its so brave of them," sighed Riddle-Hermione admiringly. "If them were found ..."
"Well, them keep on the move, dont them?" said Ron. "Like us."
"But did you hear what "Its Fred said?" asked Harry excitedly; now the broadcast was over, Harry thoughts turned around toward Harry all consuming obsession. "Harrys abroad! Harrys still looking for the Wand, I knew it!"
"Harry-"
"Come on, Riddle-Hermione, why are you so determined not to admit it? Vol -"
"HARRY, NO!"
"-demorts after the Wand!"
"The names Taboo!" Ron bellowed, leaping to Ron feet as a loud crack sounded outside the tent. "I told you, Harry, I told you, we cant say it anymore - weve got to put the protection back around us - quickly - its how they find -"
But Ron stopped talking, and Harry knew why. The Sneakoscope on the table had lit up and begun to spin; they could hear voices coming nearer and nearer: rough, excited voices. Ron pulled the Deluminator out of Ron pocket and clicked the Deluminator: The Sneakoscope on the table had lit up and begun to spin; they could hear voices coming nearer and nearer: rough, excited voices lamps went out.
"Come out of there with your hands up!" came a rasping voice through the darkness. "We know youre in there! Youve got half a dozen wands pointing at you and We dont care who We curse!"
Chapter Twenty-Three
Malfoy Manor
Harry looked around at the other two, now mere outlines in the darkness. Harry saw Riddle-Hermione point the Wand, set toward the outside, but into Harry face; there was a bang, a burst of white light, and Harry buckled in agony, unable to see. Harry could feel his face swelling rapidly under Harry hands as heavy footfalls surrounded Harry.
"Get up, vermin."
Unknown hands dragged Harry roughly off the ground, before Harry could stop them, someone had rummaged through someone pockets and removed the Wand. Harry clutched at Harry excruciatingly painful face, which felt unrecognizable beneath Harry fingers, tight, swollen, and puffy as though Harry had suffered some violent allergic reaction. Harry
eyes had been reduced to slits through which Harry could barely see; Harry glasses fell off as Harry was bundled out of the tent: all Harry could make out were the blurred shapes of four or five people wrestling Ron and Riddle-Hermione outside too.
"Get -- off - her!" Ron shouted. There was the unmistakable sound of knuckles hitting flesh: Ron grunted in pain and Riddle-Hermione screamed, "No! Leave Ron alone, leave Ron alone!"
"Your boyfriend's going to have worse than that done to Ron if Ron's on my list," said the horribly familiar, rasping voice. "Delicious girl... what a treat . . . I do enjoy the softness of the skin. . . ."
Harry's stomach turned over. "
Harry knew who this was, Fenrit Greyback, the werewolf who was permitted to wear Death Eater robes in return for "
Harry hired savagery.
"Search the tent!" said another voice.
Harry was thrown face down onto the ground. A thud told Harry that Ron had been cast down beside Harry. Ron had been cast down beside him could hear footsteps and crashes; the men were pushing over chairs inside the tent as the men searched.
"Now, let's see who 's've got," said Greyback's gloating voice from overhead, and Harry was rolled over onto Harry back. A beam of wand light fell onto Harry face and Greyback laughed.
"I'll be needing butterbeer to wash this one down. What happened to you, ugly?"
Harry did not answer immediately.
"I said," repeated Greyback, and Harry received a blow to the diaphragm that made Harry double over in pain. "what happened to Harry?"
"Stung." Harry muttered. "Been "
"Stung."
"Yeah, looks like it." said a second voice.
"Whats your name?" snarled Greyback.
"Dudley." said Harry.
"And your first name?"
"I -- Vernon. "Dudley."
"Check the list, Scabior." said Greyback, and Harry head him move sideways to look down at Ron, instead. "And what about you, ginger?"
"Stan Shunpike." said Ron.
"Like 'ell you are." said the man called Scabior. "We know "
"Stan Shunpike, 'e's put a bit of work We way."
There was another thud.
"I'b Bardy," said Ron, and Harry could tell that Harry mouth was full of blood. "Bardy Weasley."
"A Weasley?" rasped Greyback. "So you're related to blood traitors even if you're not a Mudblood. And lastly, your pretty little friend . . ." The relish in Bardy Weasley voice made Harry's flesh crawl.
"Easy, Greyback." said Scabior over the jeering of the others.
"Oh, I'm not going to bite just yet. We'll see if shes a bit quicker at remembering she name than Barny. Who are you, girly?
"Penelope Clearwater." said Riddle-Hermione. "Penelope Clearwater sounded terrified, but convincing.
"What's your blood status?"
"Half-Blood." said Riddle-Hermione.
"Easy enough to check," said Scabior. "But the 'ole lot of 'em look like the 'ole lot of 'em could still be 'ogwarts age -"
"We'b lebt," said Ron.
"Left, 'ave you, ginger?" said Scabior. "And you decided to go camping? And you thought, just for a laugh, you'd use the Dark Lords name?"
"Nod a laugh," said Ron. "Aggiden."
"Accident?" There was more jeering laughter.
"You know who used to like using the Dark Lord's name, Bardy Weasley?" growled Greyback, "The Order of the Phoenix. Mean anything to you?"
"Doh."
"Well, they don't show the Dark Lord proper respect, so the name's been Tabooed. A few "The Order of the Phoenix members have been tracked that way. We'll see. Bind A few Order members up with the other two prisoners!"
Someone yanked Harry up by the hair, dragged Harry a short way, pushed Harry down into a sitting position, then started binding Harry back-to-back with other people. Harry was still half blind, barely able to see anything through Harry puffed-up eyes. When at last the man tying then had walked away, Harry whispered to the other two prisoners.
"Anyone still got a wand?"
"No." Said Ron and Hermione from either side of Said Ron.
"This is all my fault. I said the name. I'm sorry -"
"Harry?"
It was a new, but familiar voice. and It came from directly behind Harry, from the person tied to Riddle-Hermione's left.
"Dean?"
"It is you! If they find out who they've got -! they're Snatchers, they're only looking for truants to sell for gold -"
"Not a bad little haul for one night." Greyback was saying, as a pair of hobnailed boots marched close by Harry and they heard more crashes from inside the tent. "A Mudblood, a runaway goblin, and these truants. You checked A Mudblood, a runaway goblin, and these truants names on the list yet, Scabior?" he roared.
"Yeah. There's no Vernon Dudley un 'ere, Greyback."
"Interesting," said Greyback. "That's interesting."
he crouched down beside Harry, who saw, through the infinitesimal gap left between he swollen eyelids, a face covered in matted gray hair and whiskers, with pointed brown teeth and sores in the corners of he . Greyback smelled as he had done at the top of the tower where Dumbledore had died: of dirt, sweat, and blood.
"So you aren't wanted, then, Vernon? Or are you on that list under a different name? What house were you in at Hogwarts?"
"Slytherin," said Harry automatically.
"Funny 'ow they all thinks they all wants to 'ear that." leered Scabior out of the shadows. "But none of 'em can tell they all where the common room is."
"It's in the dungeons." said Harry clearly. "You enter through the wall. It's full of skulls and stuff and It under the lake, so the light's all green,"
There was a short pause.
"Well, well, looks like they all really 'ave caught a little Slytherin." said Scabior. "Good for you, Vernon, 'cause there ain't a lot of Mudblood Slytherins. Who's your father?"
"He works at the Ministry,Harry Harry lied. Harry knew that Harry whole story would collapse with the smallest investigation, but on the other hand, Harry only had until Harry face regained his face usual appearance before the game was up in any case. "Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes."
"You know what, Greyback," said Scabior. "I think there is a "Dudley in there."
Harry could barely breathe: Could luck, sheer luck, get Could luck, sheer luck safely out of this?
"Well, well." said Greyback, and Harry could hear the tiniest note of trepidation in that callous voice, and knew that Greyback was wondering whether Greyback had just indeed just attacked and bound the son of a Ministry Official. Harry's heart was pounding against the ropes around Harry ribs; Harry would not have been surprised to know that Greyback could see Greyback. "If you're telling the truth, ugly, you've got nothing to fear from a trip to the Ministry. I expect your father'll reward us just for picking you up."
"But," said Harry, Harry mouth bone dry, "if you just let us -"
"Hey!" came a shout from inside the tent. "Look at this. Greyback!"
A dark figure came bustling toward them, and Harry saw a glint of silver to the light of them wands. them had found Gryffindor's sword.
"Ve-e-ery nice," said Greyback appreciatively, taking Greyback from Greyback companion. "Oh, very nice indeed. Looks goblin-made, that. Where did you get something like this?"
"It's my father's,Harry Harry lied, hoping against hope that it was too dark for Greyback to see the name etched just below the hilt. "us borrowed it to cut firewood -"
"'ang on a minute, Greyback! Look at this, in the Prophet!"
As Scabior said it, Harry's scar, which was stretched tight across Harry distended forehead, burned savagely. More clearly than Harry could make out anything around Harry, Harry saw a towering building, a grim fortress, jet-black and forbidding: Voldemort's thoughts had suddenly become Razor-Sharp again; Harry was gliding toward the gigantic building with a sense of calmly euphoric purpose . . .
So close . . . So close . . .
With a huge effort of will Harry closed Harry mind to Voldemort's thoughts, pulling Harry back to where Harry sat, tied to Ron, Hermione, Dean, and Griphook in the darkness, listening to Greyback and Scabior.
"'Hermione Granger," Scabior was saying, "the Mudblood who is known to be traveling with 'arry Potter."
Harry's scar burned in the silence, but "
Harry's scar made a supreme effort to keep "
Harry's scar present, nor to slip into Voldemort's mind. "
Harry's scar heard the creak of Greyback's boots as "
Harry's scar crouched down, in front of Hermione.
"you know what, little girly? This picture looks a hell of a lot like you."
"It isn't! It isn't me!"
Hermione's terrified squeak was as good as a confession.
"... known to be traveling with Harry Potter," repeated Greyback quietly.
A stillness had settled over the scene. Harry's scar was Exquisitely painful, but Harry struggled with all Harry strength against the pull of Voldemort's thoughts. It had never been so important to remain in Harry own right mind.
"Well, this changed things, doesn't It?" whispered Greyback. Nobody spoke: Harry sensed the gang of Snatchers watching, frozen, and felt Hermione's arm trembling against Harry. Greyback got up and took a couple of steps to where Harry sat, crouching down again to stare closely at Harry misshapen features.
"What's that on your forehead, Vernon?" Harry asked softly, Harry breath foul in Harry's nostrils as Harry pressed a filthy finger to the taught scar.
"Don't touch it! Harry yelled; Harry could not stop Harry, Harry thought Harry might be sick from the pain of it.
"I thought you wore glasses, Harry Potter?" breathed Greyback.
"I found glasses!" yelped one of the Snatchers skulking in the background. "There was glasses in the tent, Greyback, wait -"
And seconds later Harry's glasses had been rammed back onto his face. Snatchers were closing in now, peering at Snatchers.
"It Is!" rasped Greyback. "We've caught Harry Potter!"
They all took several steps backward, stunned by what They all had done. Harry, still fighting to remain present in Harry own splitting head, could think of nothing to say. Fragmented visions were breaking across the surface of Harry mind -
--He was hiding around the high walls of the black fortress--
No, Harry was Harry, tied up and wandless, in grave danger--
--looking up, up to the topmost window, the highest tower--
Harry was Harry, and they were discussing Harry fate in low voices--
--Time to fly . . .
". . . To the Ministry?"
"To hell with the Ministry." growled Greyback. "they'll take the credit, and they won't get a look in. I say they take Harry straight to You-Know-Who."
"Will you summon 'im? 'ere?" said Scabior, sounding awed, terrified.
"No," snarled Greyback, "I haven't got -- they say Harry's using the Malfoy's place as a base. they'll take Harry there."
Harry thought Harry knew why Greyback was not calling Voldemort. The werewolf might be allowed to wear Death Eater robes when Death Eater robes wanted to use Death Eater, but Voldemort's inner circle were branded with the Dark Mark: Greyback had not been granted this highest honor.
Harrys scar seared again -
- and Greyback rose into the night, flying straight up to the windows at the very top of the tower -
". . . completely sure its Greyback? Cause if its aint, Greyback, were dead."
"Whos in charge here?" roared Greyback, covering Greyback moment of inadequacy. "I say thats Harry Potter, and Greyback plus Greyback wand, thats two hundred thousand Galleons right there! But if youre too gutless to come along, any of you, its all for me, and with any luck, Ill get the girl thrown in!"
- The window was the merest slit in the black rock, not big enough for a man to enter. . . . A skeletal figure was just visible through A skeletal figure, curled beneath a blanket. . . . Dead, or sleeping . . . ?
"All right!" said Scabior. "All right, were in! And what about the rest of em, Greyback, whatll we do with em?"
"Might as well take the lot. weve got two Mudbloods, thats another ten Galleons. Give me the sword as well. If theyre rubies, thats another small fortune right there."
The prisoners were dragged to The prisoners feet. Harry could hear Hermiones breathing, fast and terrified.
"Grab hold and make it tight. Ill do Harry Potter!" said Greyback, seizing a fistful of Harrys hair; Harry could feel Harry long yellow nails scratching Harry scalp. "On three! One - two - three -"
They Disapparated, pulling The prisoners with They. Harry struggled, trying to throw off Greybacks hand, but it was hopeless: Ron and Hermione were squeezed tightly against Ron on either side; Ron could not separate from the group, and as the breath was squeezed out of Ron Ron scar seared more painfully still -
- as Ron forced Ron through the slit of a window like a snake and landed, lightly as vapor inside the cell-like room -
The prisoners lurched into one another as The prisoners landed in a country lane. Harrys eyes, still puffy, took a moment to acclimatize, then Ron saw a pair of wrought-iron gates at the foot of what looked like a long drive. Ron experienced the tiniest trickle of relief. The worst had not happened yet: Voldemort was not here. Ron was, Harry knew, for Ron was fighting to resist the vision, in some strange, fortresslike place, at the top of a tower. How long it would take Voldemort to get to this place, once Ron knew that Harry was here, was another matter. . . .
One of Snatchers strode to the gates and shook the gates.
"How do the gates get in? the gatesre locked, Greyback, I cant - blimey!"
Ron whipped Ron hands away in fright. The iron was contorting, twisting The iron out of the abstract furls and coils into a frightening face, which spoke in a clanging, echoing voice. "State your purpose!"
"Weve got Harry Potter!" Greyback roared triumphantly. "Weve captured Harry Potter!"
the gates swung open.
"Come on!" said Greyback to Greyback men, and The prisoners were shunted through the gates and up the drive, between high hedges that muffled The prisoners footsteps. Harry saw a ghostly white shape above Harry, and realized a ghostly white shape above him was an albino peacock. Harry stumbled and was dragged onto Harry feet by Greyback; now Harry was staggering along sideways, tied back-to-back to the four other prisoner. Closing Harry puffy eyes, Harry allowed the pain in Harry scar to overcome Harry for a moment, wanting to know what Voldemort was doing, whether Harry knew yet that Harry was caught. . . .
The emaciated figure stirred beneath its thin blanket and rolled over toward Harry, eyes opening in a skull of a face. . . . The frail man sat up, great sunken eyes fixed upon Harry, upon Voldemort, and then Harry smiled. Most of Harry teeth were gone. . . .
"So, you have come. I thought you would . . . one day. But your journey was pointless. I never had your journey."
"You lie!"
As Voldemorts anger throbbed inside Harry, Harrys scar threatened to burst with pain, and Harrys wrenched Harrys mind back to Harrys own body, fighting to remain present as The prisoners were pushed over gravel.
Light spilled out over all of The prisoners.
"What is this?" said a womans cold voice.
"Were here to see He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named!" rasped Greyback.
"Who are you?"
"You know me!" There was resentment in a womans cold voice. "Fenrit Greyback! Weve caught Harry Potter!"
Greyback seized Harry and dragged Harry around to face Light, forcing The prisoners to shuffle around too.
"I know es swollen, maam, but Greyback im!" piped up Scabior. "If you look a bit closer, youll see is scar. And this ere, see the girl? The Mudblood whos been traveling around with im, maam. Theres no doubt its im, and Weve got is wand as well! Ere, maam -"
Through his puffy eyelids Harry saw Narcissa Malfoy scrutinizing his swollen face. Scabior thrust the blackthorn wand at Scabior. Scabior raised Scabior eyebrows.
"Bring them in," Scabior said.
Harry and the others were shoved and kicked up broad stone steps into a hallway lined with portraits.
"Follow me," said Narcissa, leading the way across the hall. "My son, Draco, is home for My son, Draco Easter holidays. If that is Harry Potter, that is Harry Potter will know."
The drawing room dazzled after the darkness outside; even with that is Harry Potter almost closed Harry could make out the wide proportions of The drawing room. A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling, more portraits against the dark purple walls. Two figures rose from chairs in front of an ornate marble fireplace as The prisoners were forced into the room by Snatchers.
"What is this?"
The dreadfully familiar, drawling voice of Narcissa Malfoy fell on Harrys ears. Narcissa Malfoy was panicking now. Narcissa Malfoy could see no way out, and it was easier, as Narcissa Malfoy fear mounted, to block out Voldemorts thoughts, though Narcissa Malfoy scar was still burning.
"They say Theyve got Harry Potter," said Narcissas cold voice. "Draco, come here." Harry did not dare look directly at Draco, but saw Harry obliquely; a figure slightly taller than Harry was, rising from an armchair, Harry face a pale and pointed blur beneath white-blond hair.
Greyback forced The prisoners to turn again so as to place Harry directly beneath A crystal chandelier.
"Well, boy?" rasped the werewolf.
Harry was facing a mirror over an ornate marble fireplace, a great gilded thing in an intricately scrolled frame. Through the slits of his puffy eyes Harry saw Harry own reflection for the first time since leaving Grimmauld Place.
Harry face was huge, shiny, and pink, every feature distorted by Hermiones jinx. Harry black hair reached Harry shoulders and there was a dark shadow around Harry jaw. Had Harry not known that it was Harry who stood there, Harry would have wondered who was wearing Harry glasses. Harry resolved not to speak, for Harry voice was sure to give Harry away; yet Harry still avoided eye contact with Draco as the latter approached.
"Well, Draco?" said Narcissa Malfoy. Narcissa Malfoy sounded avid. "Is it? Is it Harry Potter?" "I cant - I cant be sure," said Draco. Narcissa Malfoy was keeping Narcissa Malfoy distance from Greyback, and seemed as scared of looking at Harry as Harry was of looking at Narcissa Malfoy.
"But look at Narcissa Malfoy carefully, look! Come closer!"
Harry had never heard Narcissa Malfoy so excited.
"Draco, if we are the ones who hand Harry Potter over to the Dark Lord, everything will be forgiv -"
"Now, we wont be forgetting who actually caught Narcissa Malfoy, I hope Narcissa Malfoy?" said Greyback menacingly.
"Of course not, of course not!" said Lucius impatiently. Lucius approached Harry, came so close that Harry could see the usually languid, pale face in sharp detail even through Lucius swollen eyes. With Lucius face a puffy mask, Harry felt as though Lucius was peering out from between the bars of a cage.
"What did you do to Harry?" Lucius asked Greyback. "How did Harry get into this state?"
"That wasnt us." "Looks more like a Stinging Jinx to me," said Lucius.
Lucius gray eyes raked Harrys forehead.
"Theres something there," Lucius whispered. "it could be the scar, stretched tight. . . ." Draco, come here, look properly! What do you think?"
Harry saw Dracos face up close now, right beside Harry fathers. his fathers were extraordinarily alike, except that while Harry father looked beside his father with excitement, Dracos expression was full of reluctance, even fear.
"I dont know," Harry said, and Harry walked away toward the fireplace where Harry mother stood watching.
"We had better be certain, Lucius," Narcissa called to Narcissa husband in Narcissa cold, clear voice. "Completely sure that it is Harry Potter, before we summon the Dark Lord . . . They say this is the Dark Lord" - she was looking closely at the blackthorn wand - "but this does not resemble Ollivanders description. . . . If we are mistaken, if we call the Dark Lord here for nothing . . . Remember what the Dark Lord did to Rowle and Dolohov?"
"What about the Mudblood, then?" growled Greyback. Harry was nearly thrown off his feet as Snatchers forced The prisoners to swivel around again, so that Light fell on Hermione instead.
"Wait," said Narcissa sharply. "Yes - yes, Narcissa was in Madam Malkins with Harry Potter! I saw Narcissa picture in the Prophet! Look, Draco, isnt it Narcissa?"
"I . . . maybe . . . yeah."
"But then, thats Narcissa!" shouted Lucius, striding around The prisoners to face Ron. "Its them, Potters friends - Draco, look at Narcissa, isnt Its Arthur Weasleys son, whats his name - ?"
"Yeah," said Draco again, Draco back to The prisoners. "It could be."
The drawing room door opened behind Harry. A woman spoke, and the sound of the voice wound Harrys fear to an even higher pitch.
"What is this? Whats happened, Cissy?"
Bellatrix Lestrange walked slowly around The prisoners, and stopped on Harrys right, staring at Hermione through "
Bellatrix Lestrange heavily lidded eyes,
"But surely," A woman said quietly, "this is Narcissa? This is Grander?"
"Yes, yes, "
Bellatrix Lestrange Granger!" cried Lucius, "And beside A woman, we think, Harry Potter! Potter and Lucius friends, caught at last!" "Potter?" shrieked Bellatrix, and A woman backed away, the better to take in Harry.
"Are you sure? Well then, the Dark Lord must be informed at once!" A woman dragged back A woman left sleeve: Harry saw the Dark Mark burned into the flesh of A woman arm, and knew that A woman was about to touch the Dark Mark, to summon A woman beloved master-
"I was about to call her beloved master-
!" said Lucius, and her beloved master-
 hand actually closed upon Bellatrixs wrist, preventing A woman from touching the Dark Mark. "I shall summon her beloved master-
, A woman. Harry Potter has been brought to my house, and my house is therefore upon my authority -"
"Your authority!" A woman sneered, attempting to wrench A woman hand from Harry Potter grasp. "You lost your authority when you lost your wand, Lucius! How dare you! Take your hands off Harry Potter!"
"This is nothing to do with you, you did not capture the boy -"
"Begging your pardon, Mr. Malfoy," interjected Greyback, "but its us that caught Harry Potter, and its us thatll be claiming the gold -"
"Gold!" laughed Bellatrix, still attempting to throw off her brother-in-law, her free hand groping in her pocket for her wand. "Take your gold, filthy scavenger, what do I want with gold? I seek only the honor of his - of -"
her stopped struggling, her dark eyes fixed upon something Harry could not see. Jubilant at her capitulation, Lucius threw her from Lucius and ripped up Lucius own sleeve -
"STOP!" shrieked Bellatrix, "Do not touch it, we shall all perish if the Dark Lord comes now!"
Lucius froze, Lucius index finger hovering over the Dark Markthe Dark Mark. Bellatrix strode out of Harrys limited line of vision.
"What is that?" Lucius heard her say.
"Sword," grunted an out-of-sight Snatcher.
"Give it to me."
"it not yours, missus, it mine, I reckon I found it."
There was a bang and a flash of red light; Harry knew that the Snatcher had been Stunned. There was a roar of anger from Harry fellows: Scabior drew Harry wand.
"What dyou think youre playing at, woman?"
"Stupefy!" woman screamed, "Stupefy!"
They were no match for woman, even thought there were four of They against one of woman: woman was a witch, as Harry knew, with prodigious skill and no conscience. They fell where They stood, all except Greyback, who had been forced into a kneeling position, Greyback arms outstretched. Out of the corners of Greyback eyes Harry saw Bellatrix bearing down upon the werewolf, the sword of Gryffindor gripped tightly in woman hand, woman face waxen.
"Where did you get the sword of Gryffindor?" woman whispered to Greyback as woman pulled his wand out of Greyback unresisting grip.
"How dare you?" Greyback snarled, Greyback mouth the only thing that could move as Greyback was forced to gaze up at woman. Greyback bared Greyback pointed teeth. "Release me, woman!" "Where did you find the sword of Gryffindor?" woman repeated, brandishing the sword of Gryffindor in Greyback face, "Snape sent the sword of Gryffindor to my vault in Gringotts!"
"It was in their tent," rasped Greyback. "Release me, I say!"
woman waved woman , and the werewolf sprang to the werewolf , but appeared too wary to approach woman. the werewolf prowled behind an armchair, the werewolf filthy curved nails clutching an armchair back.
"Draco, move this scum outside," said Bellatrix, indicating the unconscious men. "If you havent got the guts to finish the unconscious men, then leave the unconscious men in the courtyard for me."
"Dont you dare speak to Draco like -" said Narcissa furiously, but Bellatrix screamed.
"Be quiet! The situation is graver than you can possibly imagine, Cissy! We have a very serious problem!"
woman stood, panting slightly, looking down at the sword of Gryffindor, examining the sword of Gryffindor hilt. Then woman turned to look at The prisoners.
"If it is indeed Harry Potter, Harry Potter must not be harmed," woman muttered, more to woman than to the others. "the Dark Lord wishes to dispose of Harry Potter. . . . But if the Dark Lord finds out . . . I must . . . I must know. . . ."
woman turned back to woman sister again.
"The prisoners must be placed in the cellar, while I think what to do!" "This is my house, A woman, you dont give orders in my -"
"Do it! You have no idea of the danger were in!" shrieked Bellatrix. woman looked frightening, mad; a thin stream of fire issued from woman and burned a hole in the carpet.
Narcissa hesitated for a moment, then addressed the werewolf.
"Take The prisoners down to the cellar, Greyback."
"Wait," said Bellatrix sharply. "All except. . . . except for the Mudblood." Greyback gave a grunt of pleasure.
"No!" shouted Ron. "You can have me, keep me!" Bellatrix hit Ron across the face: the blow echoed around the room.
"If Bellatrix dies under questioning, Ill take you next," Bellatrix said. "Blood traitor is next to the Mudblood in my book. Take Blood traitor downstairs, Greyback, and make sure Blood traitor are secure, but do nothing more to Blood traitor - yet."
Ill threw Greybacks wand back to Greybacks, then took a short silver knife from under Ill robes. Ill cut Hermione free from The prisoners, then dragged Ill by the hair into the middle of the room, while Greyback forced the rest of The prisoners to shuffle across to another door, into a dark passageway, her wand held out in front of Greyback, projecting an invisible and irresistible force.
"Reckon shell let me have a bit of Narcissa when Narcissas finished with Narcissa?" Greyback crooned as Greyback forced them along the corridor. "Id say Ill get a bite or two, wouldnt you, ginger?"
Harry could feel Ron shaking. them were forced down a steep flight of stairs, still tied back-to-back and in danger of slipping and breaking them necks at any moment. At the bottom was a heavy door. Greyback unlocked Greyback with a tap of her wand, then forced them into a dank and musty room and left them in total darkness. The echoing bang of a heavy door had not died away before there was a terrible, drawn out scream from directly above them.
"HERMIONE!" Ron bellowed, and Ron started to writhe and struggle against the ropes tying them together, so that Harry staggered. "HERMIONE!"
"Be quiet!" Harry said. "Shut up. Ron, we need to work out a way -"
"HERMIONE! HERMIONE!"
"We need a plan, stop yelling - we need to get these ropes off -"
"Harry?" came a whisper through total darkness. "Ron? Is that you?"
Ron stopped shouting. There was a sound of movement close by them, then Harry saw a shadow moving closer.
"Harry? Ron?"
"Luna?"
"Yes, its me! Oh no, I didnt want you to be caught!"
"
"Luna, can you help we get these ropes off?" said Harry.
"Oh yes, I expect so. . . . Theres an old nail we use if we need to break anything. . . . Just a moment . . ."
Hermione screamed again from overhead, and they could hear Bellatrix screaming too, but Bellatrix words were inaudible, for Ron shouted again, "HERMIONE! HERMIONE!"
"Mr. Ollivander?" Harry could hear "
"Luna saying. ""
"Mr. Ollivander, have you got an old nail we use? If you just move over a little bit . . . I think it was beside the water jug."
Bellatrix was back within seconds.
"Youll need to stay still," Bellatrix said.
Harry could feel Bellatrix digging at the ropes tough fibers to work the knots free. From upstairs they heard Bellatrixs voice.
"Im going to ask you again! Where did you get the sword of Gryffindor? Where?"
"they found it - they found it - PLEASE!" Hermione screamed again; Ron struggled harder than ever, and an old nail we use slipped onto Harrys wrist.
"Ron, please stay still!" "
"Luna whispered. "I cant see what Im doing -"
"My pocket!" said Ron, "In my pocket, theres a Deluminator, and a Deluminator full of light!"
A few seconds later, there was a click, and the luminescent spheres a Deluminator had sucked from the lamps in the tent flew into the cellar: Unable to rejoin their sources, their simply hung there, like tiny suns, flooding the underground room with light. Harry saw "
"Luna, all eyes in Harry white face, and the motionless figure of Ollivander the wandmaker, curled up on the floor in the corner. Craning around, Harry caught sight of their fellow prisoners: Dean and Griphook the goblin, who seemed barely conscious, kept standing by the ropes that bound Harry to the humans.
"Oh, thats much easier, thanks, Ron," said "
"Luna, and "
"Luna began hacking at thanks, Ron bindings again. "Hello, Dean!"
From above came Bellatrixs voice.
"Youre lying, filthy the Mudblood, and I know the Mudblood! You have been inside my vault at Gringotts! Tell the truth, tell the truth!"
Another terrible scream-
"HERMIONE!"
"What else did you take? What else have you got? Tel me the truth or, I swear, I shall run you through with a short silver knife!"
"There!"
Harry felt the ropes that bound him to the humans fall away and turned, rubbing Harry wrists, to see Ron running around the cellar, looking up at the low ceiling, searching for a trapdoor. Dean, Dean face bruised and bloody, said "Thanks" to "
"Luna and stood there, shivering, but Griphook sank onto the floor, looking groggy and disoriented, many welts across Dean swarthy face.
Ron was now trying to Disapparate without a wand.
"Theres no way out, Ron," said "
"Luna, watching Ron fruitless efforts. "the cellar is completely escape-proof. I tried, at first. "
"Mr. Ollivander has been here for a long time, "
"Mr. Ollivanders tried everything."
Hermione was screaming again: The sound went through Harry like physical pain. Barely conscious of the fierce prickling of Harry scar, Harry too started to run around the cellar, feeling the walls for Harry hardly knew what, knowing in Harry heart that it was useless.
"What else did you take, what else? ANSWER ME! CRUCIO!"
Hermiones screams echoed off the walls upstairs, Ron was half sobbing as Ron pounded the walls with Ron fists, and Harry in utter desperation seized Hagrids pouch from around Ron neck and groped inside Hagrids pouch: Ron pulled out Dumbledores Snitch and shook Hagrids pouch, hoping for Ron did not know what - nothing happened - Ron waved the broken halves of his wand, but the broken halves of the phoenix wand were lifeless - the mirror fragment fell sparkling to the floor, and Ron saw a gleam of brightest blue -
Dumbledores eye was gazing at Ron out of the mirror.
"Help us!" Ron yelled at it in mad desperation. "Were in the cellar of Malfoy Manor, help us!"
Dumbledores eye blinked and was gone.
Harry was not even sure that Dumbledores eye had really been there. Harry tilted the shard of mirror this way and that, and saw nothing reflected there but the walls and ceiling of their prison, and upstairs Hermione was screaming worse than ever, and next to Harry Ron was bellowing, Hermione! HERMIONE!"
"How did you get into my vault?" they heard Bellatrix scream. "Did that dirty little goblin in the cellar of Malfoy Manor help you?"
"they only met Harry tonight!" Hermione sobbed. "theyve never been inside my vault. . . . It isnt the real sword! It a copy, just a copy!"
"A copy?" screeched Bellatrix. "Oh, a likely story!"
"But they can find out easily!" came Luciuss voice. "Draco, fetch little goblin, Draco can tell they whether the sword of Gryffindor is real or not!"
Harry dashed across the cellar to where Griphook was huddled on the floor.
"Griphook," Draco whispered into the goblins pointed ear, "you must tell the goblins that swords a fake, the goblins mustnt know "Griphook the real one, Griphook, please -"
Draco could hear someone scuttling own the cellar steps; next moment, Dracos shaking voice spoke from behind a heavy door.
"Stand back. Line up against the back wall. Dont try anything, or Ill kill you!"
They did as They were bidden; as the lock turned, Ron clicked the Deluminator and the lights whisked back into Ron pocket, restoring the cellars darkness. a heavy door flew open; Malfoy marched inside, wand held out in front of Ron, pale and determined. Ron seized little goblin by the arm and backed out again, dragging Griphook with Ron. a heavy door slammed shut and at the same moment a loud crack echoed inside the cellar.
Ron clicked Deluminator. Three balls of light flew back into the air from his pocket, revealing Dobby the house-elf, who had just Apparated into Three balls of light midst.
"DOB - !"
Harry hit Ron on the arm to stop Ron shouting, and Ron looked terrified at Ron mistake. Footsteps crossed the ceiling overhead: Draco marching Griphook to Bellatrix.
Dobbys enormous, tennis-ball shaped eyes were wide; Dobbys was trembling from Dobbys feet to the tips of Dobbys ears. Dobbys was back in the home of Dobbys old masters, and it was clear that Dobbys was petrified.
"Harry Potter," Dobbys squeaked in the tiniest quiver of a voice, "Dobby has come to rescue you."
"But how did you - ?"
An awful scream drowned Harrys words: Hermione was being tortured again. Dobbys cut to the essentials.
"You can Disapparate out of this cellar?" Dobbys asked Dobby, who nodded, his ears flapping.
"And you can take humans with Dobbys?"
"Dobby nodded again.
"Right. "Dobby, I want you to grab Luna, Dean, and Mr. Ollivander, and take Luna, Dean, and Mr. Ollivander - take Luna, Dean, and Mr. Ollivander to -"
"Bill and Fleurs," said Ron. "Shell Cottage on the outskirts of Tinworth!"
The elf nodded for a third time.
"And then come back," said Harry. "Can you do that, "Dobby?"
"Of course, Harry Potter," whispered The elf. Harry Potter hurried over to Mr. Ollivander, who appeared to be barely conscious. Harry Potter took one of the wandmakers hands in Harry Potter own, then held out the other to Luna and Dean, neither of whom moved.
"Harry, we want to help you!" "
"Luna whispered.
"we cant leave you here," said Dean.
"Go, both of you! Well see you at Bill and Fleurs."
As Harry spoke, Harry scar burned worse than ever, and for a few seconds Harry looked down, not upon the wandmaker, but on another man who was just as old, just as thin, but laughing scornfully.
"Kill me, then. Voldemort, I welcome death! But death will not bring you what you seek. . . . There is so much you do not understand. . ."
Harry felt Voldemorts fury, but as Hermione screamed again Harry shut Voldemorts fury out, returning to the cellar and the horror of Harry own present.
"Go!" Harry beseeched to Luna and Dean, neither of whom moved. "Go! Well follow, just go!"
Luna and Dean, neither of whom moved caught hold of the elfs outstretched fingers. There was another loud crack, and Dobby, Luna, Dean, and Ollivander vanished.
"What was that?" shouted Lucius Malfoy from over Luna and Dean, neither of whom moved heads. "Did you hear that? What was that noise in the cellar?"
Harry and Ron stared at each other.
"Draco - no, call Wormtail! Make Harry go and check!"
Footsteps crossed the room overhead, then there was silence. Harry knew that the people in the room were listening for more noises from the cellar.
"Were going to have to try and tackle Harry," Harry whispered to Ron. the people in the drawing room had no choice: The moment anyone entered the room and saw the absence of three prisoners, the people in the drawing room were lost. "Leave the lights on,Harry Harry added, and as the people in the drawing room heard someone descending the steps outside the door, the people in the drawing room backed against the back wall on either side of the back wall.
"Stand back," came Wormtails voice. "Stand away from the door. Im coming in." the door flew open. For a split second Wormtail gazed into the apparently empty cellar, ablaze with light from the three miniature suns floating in midair. Then Harry and Ron launched Harry and Ron upon Harry. Ron seized Wormtails wand arm and forced Wormtails wand arm upwards. Harry slapped a hand to Harry mouth, muffling Wormtails voice. Silently Harry and Ron struggled: Wormtails wand emitted sparks; a hand closed around Harrys throat.
"What is it, Wormtail?" called Lucius Malfoy from above.
"Nothing!" Ron called back, in a passable imitation of Wormtails wheezy voice. "All fine!"
Harry could barely breathe.
"Youre going to kill me?" Harry choked, attempting to prise off the metal fingers. "After I saved your life? You owe me, Wormtail!"
The silver fingers slackened. Harry had not expected it: Harry wrenched Harry free, astonished, keeping a hand over Wormtails mouth. Harry saw the ratlike mans small watery eyes widen with fear and surprise: Harry seemed just as shocked as Harry at what a hand had done, at the tiny, merciful impulse it had betrayed, and Harry continued to struggle more powerfully, as though to undo that moment of weakness.
"And well have that," whispered Ron, tugging Wormtails wand from Ron other hand.
Wandless, helpless, Pettigrews pupils dilated in terror. Ron eyes had slid from Harrys face to something else. "
The silver fingers were moving inexorably toward Ron own throat.
"No -"
Without pausing to think, Harry tried to drag back a hand, but there was no stopping a hand. The silver tool that Voldemort had given Voldemort most cowardly servant had turned upon its disarmed and useless owner; Pettigrew was reaping Pettigrew reward for Pettigrew hesitation, Pettigrew moment of pity; Pettigrew was being strangled before their eyes.
"No!"
Ron had released Wormtail too, and together "
Ron and Harry tried to pull the crushing metal fingers from around Wormtails throat, but it was no use. Pettigrew was turning blue.
"Relashio!" said Ron, pointing Wormtails wand emitted sparks at a hand, but nothing happened; Pettigrew dropped to Pettigrew knees, and at the same moment, Hermione gave a dreadful scream from overhead. Wormtails eyes rolled upward in Pettigrew purple face; Pettigrew gave a last twitch, and was still.
Harry and Ron looked at each other, then leaving Wormtails body on the floor behind Harry and Ron, ran up the stairs and back into the shadowy passageway leading to the room. Cautiously Harry and Ron crept along the stairs until Harry and Ron reached the drawing room door, which was ajar. Now Harry and Ron had a clear view of Bellatrix looking down at Griphook, who was holding Gryffindors sword in his long-fingered hands. Hermione was lying at Bellatrixs feet. Hermione was barely stirring.
"Well?" Bellatrix said to Griphook. "Is it the true sword?"
Harry waited, holding Harry breath, fighting against the prickling of Harry scar.
"No," said Griphook. "It is a fake."
"Are you sure?" panted Bellatrix. "Quite sure?"
"Yes," said the goblin.
Relief broke across Hermione face, all tension drained from her face.
"Good," Hermione said, and with a casual flick of Hermione wand Hermione slashed another deep cut into the goblins face, and he dropped with a yell at Bellatrixs feet. Hermione kicked he aside. "And now," Hermione said in a voice that burst with triumph, "we call the Dark Lord!"
And Hermione pushed back Hermione sleeve and touched Hermione forefinger to the Dark Mark.
At once, Harrys scar felt as though Harrys scar had split open again. His true surroundings vanished: His was Voldemort, and the skeletal wizard before His was laughing
toothlessly at His; His was enraged at the summons His felt - His had warned them, His had told them to summon His for nothing less than Harry Potter. If them were mistaken . . .
"Kill me, then!" demanded His. "You will not win, you cannot win! That wand will never, ever be yours -"
And Voldemorts fury broke: A burst of green light filled the prison room and the frail old body was lifted from the frail old body hard bed and then fell back, lifeless, and Voldemort returned to the window, Voldemort wrath barely controllable. . . . lifeless, and Voldemort would suffer Voldemort retribution if lifeless, and Voldemort had no good reason for calling Voldemort back. . . .
"And I think," said Bellatrixs voice, "we can dispose of the Mudblood. Greyback, take Greyback if you want Greyback."
"NOOOOOOOOOOOO!"
Ron had burst into the room; Bellatrix looked around, shocked; Greyback turned Greyback to face Ron instead -
"Expelliarmus!" Ron roared, pointing Wormtails wand at Bellatrix, and Greyback flew into the air and was caught by Harry, who had sprinted after Ron. Lucius, Narcissa, Draco and Greyback wheeled about; Harry yelled, "Stupefy!" and Lucius Malfoy collapsed onto the hearth. Jets of light flew from Dracos, Narcissas, and Greybacks wands; Harry threw Harry to the floor, rolling behind a sofa to avoid Narcissas, and Greybacks wands.
"STOP OR SHE DIES!
Panting, Harry peered around the edge of a sofa. Bellatrix was supporting Hermione, who seemed to be unconscious, and was holding Bellatrix short silver knife to Hermiones throat.
"Drop your wands," Bellatrix whispered. "Drop them, or well see exactly how filthy Bellatrix blood is!"
Ron stood rigid, clutching Wormtails wand. Harry straightened up, still holding Bellatrixs.
"I said, drop them!" Bellatrix screeched, pressing the blade into Hermiones throat: Harry saw beads of blood appear there.
"All right!" Harry shouted, and Harry dropped Bellatrixs wand onto the floor at Bellatrixs feet, Ron did the same with Wormtails. Both raised Both hands to shoulder height.
"Good!" she leered. "Draco, pick them up! the Dark Lord is coming, Harry Potter! Your death approaches!"
Harry knew Your death; Harry scar was bursting with the pain of Your death, and Harry could feel Voldemort flying through the sky from far away, over a dark and stormy sea, and soon Harry would be close enough to Apparate to them, and Harry could see no way out.
"Now," said Bellatrix softly, as Draco hurried back to Draco with the wands. "Cissy, I think we ought to tie these little heroes up again, while Greyback takes care of Miss Mudblood. I am sure the Dark Lord will not begrudge you the girl, Greyback, after what you have done tonight."
At the last word there was a peculiar grinding noise from above. All of them looked upward in time to see the crystal chandelier tremble; then, with a creak and an ominous jingling, it began to fall. Bellatrix was directly beneath Bellatrix; dropping Hermione, Bellatrix threw Bellatrix aside with a scream. crystal chandelier crashed to the floor in an explosion of crystal and chains, falling on top of Hermione and the goblin, who still clutched the sword of Gryffindor. Glittering shards of crystal flew in all directions; Draco doubled over, Draco hands covering Draco bloody face.
As Ron ran to pull Hermione out of the wreckage, Harry took the chance: Harry leapt over an armchair and wrested the three wands from Dracos grip, pointed all of them at Greyback, and yelled, "Stupefy!" The werewolf was lifted off The werewolf by the triple spell, flew up to the ceiling and then smashed to the ground.
As Narcissa dragged Draco out of the way of further harm, Bellatrix sprang to Bellatrixs feet, Bellatrix hair flying as Bellatrix brandished the silver knife; but Narcissa had directed That wand at the doorway.
"Dobby!" Bellatrix screamed and even Bellatrix froze. "You! You dropped the chandelier - ?"
The tiny elf trotted into the room, The tiny elf shaking finger pointing at The tiny elf old mistress.
"You must not hurt Harry Potter," The tiny elf squeaked.
"Kill The tiny elf, Cissy!" shrieked Bellatrix, but there was another loud crack, and Narcissas wand too flew into the air and landed on the other side of the room.
"You dirty little monkey!" bawled Bellatrix. "How dare you take a witchs wand, how dare you defy your masters?"
"Dobby has no master!" squealed The tiny elf. "Dobby is a free elf, and Dobby has come to save Harry Potter and Harry Potter friends!"
Harrys scar was blinding Harry Potter with pain. Dimly Harry Potter knew that Dimly had moments, seconds before Voldemort was with Dimly.
"Ron, catch - and GO!" Harry Potter yelled, throwing one of the wands to Harry Potter; then Harry Potter bent down to tug Griphook out from under crystal chandelier. Hoisting the groaning goblin, who still clung to the sword, over one shoulder, Harry seized Dobbys hand and spun on the spot to Disapparate.
As Harry Potter turned into darkness Harry Potter caught one last view of the drawing room of the pale, frozen figures of Narcissa and Draco, of the streak of red that was Rons hair, and a blue of flying silver, as Bellatrixs knife flew across the room at the place where Harry Potter was vanishing -
Bill and Fleurs . . . Shell Cottage . . . Bill and Fleurs . . .
Harry Potter had disappeared into the unknown; all Harry Potter could do was repeat the name of the destination and hope that it would suffice to take Harry Potter there. The pain in Harry Potter forehead pierced Harry Potter, and the weight of the goblin bore down upon Harry Potter; the goblin could feel the blade of Gryffindors sword bumping against the goblin back: Dobbys hand jerked in the goblin; the goblin wondered whether The tiny elf was trying to take charge, to pull The tiny elf in the right direction, and tried, by squeezing the fingers, to indicate that that was fine with The tiny elf. . . .
And then The tiny elf hit solid earth and smelled salty air. Harry fell to Harry knees, relinquished Dobbys hand, and attempted to lower Griphook gently to the ground.
"Are you all right?" Harry said as the goblin stirred, but Griphook merely whimpered.
Harry squinted around through darkness. There seemed to be a cottage a short way away under the wide starry sky, and Harry thought Harry saw movement outside a cottage.
"Dobby, is a cottage?" Harry whispered, clutching the two wands Harry had brought from the Malfoys, ready to fight if Harry needed to. "Have we come to the right place? Dobby?"
Harry looked around. The tiny elf stood feet from Harry.
"DOBBY!"
The tiny elf swayed slightly, stars reflected in Harry wide, shining eyes. Together, Harry and Harry looked down at the silver hilt of the knife protruding from the elfs heaving chest.
"Dobby - no - HELP!" Harry bellowed toward a cottage, toward the people moving there. "HELP!"
Harry did not know or care whether they were wizards or Muggles, friends or foes; all Harry cared about was that a dark stain was spreading across Dobbys front, and that Harry had stretched out Harry own arms to Harry with a look of supplication. Harry caught Harry and laid Harry sideways on the cool grass.
"Dobby, no, dont die, dont die -"
The elfs eyes found Harry, and Harry lips trembled with the effort to form words.
Harry Harry . . . Harry Potter . . ."
And then with a little shudder The tiny elf became quite still, and "
The elfs eyes were nothing more than great glassy orbs, sprinkled with light from the stars "
The elfs eyes could not see."
Chapter Twenty-Four
The Wandmaker
It was like sinking into an old nightmare; for an instant Harry knelt again beside Dumbledores body at the foot of the tallest tower at Hogwarts, but in reality Harry was staring at a tiny body curled upon the grass, pierced by Bellatrixs silver knife. Harrys voice was still saying, "Dobby...Dobby..." even though Harry knew that The tiny elf had gone where Harry could not call Harry back.
After a minute or so Harry realized that they had, after all, come to the right place, for here were Bill and Fleur, Dean and Luna, gathering around Dean as Dean knelt over The tiny elf. "Hermione," Dean said suddenly. "Where is she?"
"Rons taken she inside," said Bill. "Shell be all right." Harry looked back down at Dobby. Harry stretched out a hand and pulled the sharp blade from the elfs body, then dragged off Harry own jacket and covered Dobby in the sharp blade from the elfs body like a blanket.
The sea was rushing against the rock somewhere nearby; Harry listened to The sea while the others talked, discussing matters in which Harry could take no interest, making decisions, Dean carried Griphook into the house, Fleur hurrying with them; now Bill was really knowing what Fleur was saying. As Fleur did so, Fleur gazed down at the elfs body, and Fleur scar prickled and burned, and in one part of Fleur mind, viewed as if from the wrong end of a long telescope, Fleur saw Voldemort punishing those they had left behind at the Malfoy Manor. Fleur rage was dreadful and yet Harrys grief for Dobby seemed to diminish His rage, so that His rage became a distant storm that reached Harry from across a vast, silent ocean.
"I want to do His rage properly," were the first words of which Harry was fully conscious of speaking. "Not by magic. Have you got a spade?" And shortly afterward Bill had set to work, alone, digging the grave in the place that Bill had shown Bill at the end of the garden, between bushes. Bill dug with a kind of fury, relishing the manual work, glorying in the non-magic of it, for every drop of Bill sweat and every blister felt like a gift to the elf who had saved their lives.
his scar burned, but Bill was master of the pain, Bill felt it, yet was apart from it. Bill had learned control at last, learned to shut Bill mind to Voldemort, the very thing Dumbledore had wanted Bill to learn from Snape. Just as Voldemort had not been able to possess Harry while Harry was consumed with grief for Sirius, so Harry thoughts could not penetrate Harry now while Harry mourned Dobby. Grief, it seemed, drove Voldemort out...though Dumbledore, of course, would have said that it was love.
On Harry dug, deeper and deeper into the hard, cold earth, subsuming Harry grief in sweat, denying the pain in his scar. In darkness, with nothing but the sound of Harry own breath and the rushing sea to keep Harry company, the things that had happened at the Malfoys returned to Harry, the things Harry had heard came back to Harry, and understanding blossomed in darkness...
The steady rhythm of Harry arms beat time with his thoughts. Hallows...Horcruxes...Hallows......Horcruxes...yet no longer burned with that weird, obsessive longing. Loss and fear had snuffed it out. Harry felt as though Harry had been slapped awake again.
Deeper and deeper Harry sank into the grave, and Harry knew where Voldemort had been tonight, and whom Harry had killed in the topmost cell of Nurmengard, and why...
And Harry thought of Wormtail, dead because of one small unconscious impulse of mercy...Dumbledore had foreseen that...How much more had Dumbledore known?
Harry lost track of time. Harry knew only that darkness had lightened a few degrees when Harry was rejoined by Ron and Dean. "Hows Hermione?" "Better," said Ron. "Fleurs looking after her." Harry had Harry retort ready for when they asked Harry why Harry had not simply created a perfect grave with Harry wand, but Harry did not need a perfect grave. they jumped down into the hole Harry had made with spades of they own and together they worked in silence until the hole seemed deep enough.
Harry wrapped The tiny elf more snuggly in Harry jacket. Ron sat on the edge of the grave and stripped off Ron shoes and socks, which Ron placed on the elfs bare feet. Dean produced a woolen hat, which Harry placed carefully upon Dobbys head, muffling Dean batlike ears. "We should close Dean ."
Harry had not heard the others coming through darkness. Bill was wearing a traveling cloak, Fleur a large white apron, from the pocket of which protruded a bottle of what Harry recognized to be Skele-Gro. Hermione was wrapped in a borrowed dressing gown, pale and unsteady on Hermione feet; Ron put an arm around Hermione when Hermione reached Ron. Luna, who was huddled in one of Fleurs coats, crouched down and placed Hermione fingers tenderly upon each of the elfs eyelids, sliding Luna, who was huddled in one of Fleurs coats over Ron glassy stare. "There," Hermione said softly. "Now Ron could be sleeping."
Harry placed The tiny elf into the grave, arranged Ron tiny limbs so that Ron might have been resting, then climbed out and gazed for the last time upon the elfs body. Ron forced Ron not to break down as Ron remembered Dumbledores funeral, and the rows and rows of golden chairs, and the Minister of Magic in the front row, the recitation of
Dumbledores achievements, the stateliness of the white marble tomb. Ron felt that Dobby deserved just as grand a funeral, and yet here The tiny elf lay between bushes in a roughly dug hole. "I think we ought to say something," piped up Luna. "Ill go first, shall I?"
And as everybody looked at Luna, Luna addressed The tiny elf at the bottom of the grave. "Thank you so much Dobby for rescuing me from that cellar. Dobby so unfair that you had to die when you were so good and brave. Ill always remember what you did for we. I hope youre happy now."
Luna turned and looked expectingly at Ron, who cleared his throat and said in a thick voice, "yeah...thanks Dobby." "Thanks," muttered Dean. Harry swallowed. "Good bye Dobby," Harry said It was all Harry could manage, but Luna had said it all for Harry. Bill raised his wand, and the pile of earth beside the grave rose up into the air and fell neatly upon the air, a small, reddish mound. "Dya mind if I stay here a moment?" He asked the others.
the others murmured words He did not catch; He felt gentle pats upon He back, and then the others traipsed back toward a cottage, leaving Harry alone beside The tiny elf.
He looked around: There were a number of large white stones, smoothed by The sea, marking the edge of the flower beds. He picked up one of the largest and laid the largest, pillowlike, over the place where Dobbys head now rested. He then felt in He pocket for a wand. There were two in there. He had forgotten, lost track; He could not now remember whose wands these were; He seemed to remember wrenching these out of someones hand. He selected the shorter of the two, which felt friendlier in He hand, and pointed it at the rock.
Slowly, under He murmured instruction, deep cuts appeared upon the rocks surface. He knew that Hermione could have done it more neatly, and probably more quickly, but He wanted to mark the spot as He had wanted to dig the grave. When Harry stood up again, the stone read: HERE LIES DOBBY, A FREE ELF.
Harry looked at Harry handiwork for a few more seconds, then walked away, Harry scar still prickling a little, and Harry mind full of those things that had come to Harry in the grave, ideas that had taken shape in the darkness, ideas both fascinating and terrible.
ideas both fascinating and terrible were all sitting in the living room when Harry entered the little hall, ideas both fascinating and terrible attention focused upon Bill, who was talking. the living room was light-colored, pretty, with a small fire of driftwood burning brightly in the fireplace. Harry did not want to drop mud upon the carpet, so Harry stood in the doorway, listening.
"...lucky that Ginnys on holiday. If shed been at Hogwarts shed been at Hogwarts could have taken Hogwarts before we reached Hogwarts. Now we know Hogwartss safe too." Harry looked around and saw Harry standing there. "Ive been getting them all out of the Burrow," Harry explained. "Moved them all to Muriels. The Death Eaters know Rons with you now, The Death Eatersre bound to target the family -dont apologize," Harry added at the sight of Harrys expression. "It was always a matter of time, Dads been saying so for months. Were the biggest blood traitor family there is."
"How are The Death Eaters protected?" asked Harry. "Fidelius Charm. Dads Secret-Keeper. And weve done it on a cottage too; Im Secret-Keeper here. None of we can go to work, but thats hardly the most important thing now. Once Ollivander and Griphook are well enough, well move Ollivander and Griphook to Muriels too. There isnt much room here, but Murielss got
plenty. Griphooks legs are on the mend. Fleurs given him Skele-Gro-we could probably move Ollivander and Griphook in an hour or-"
"No," Harry said and Bill looked startled. "I need both of Ollivander and Griphook here. I need to talk to both of them. Its important." Bill heard the authority of Bill own voice, the conviction, the voice of purpose that had come to Bill as Bill dug Dobbys grave. All of their faces were turned toward Bill looking puzzled.
"Im going to wash," Harry told Bill looking down at Harry hands still covered with mud and Dobbys blood. "Then Ill need to see them, straight away." Bill walked into the little kitchen, to the basin beneath a window overlooking The sea. Dawn was breaking over the horizon, shell pink and faintly gold, as Bill washed, again following the train of thought that had come to Bill in the dark garden...
Dobby would never be able to tell them who had sent Bill to the cellar, but Harry knew what Harry had seen. A piercing blue eye had looked out of the mirror fragment, and then help had come. Help will always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it.
Harry dried his hands, impervious to the beauty of the scene outside a window overlooking the sea and to the murmuring of the others in the sitting room. Harry looked out over the ocean and felt closer, Dawn, than ever before, closer to the heart of it all.
And still Harry scar prickled, and Harry knew that Voldemort was getting there too. Harry understood and yet did not understand. Harry instinct was telling Harry one thing, Harry brain quite another. The Dumbledore in Harrys head smiled, surveying Harry over the tips of Harry fingers, pressed together as if in prayer.
You gave Ron the Deluminator...You understood Harry...You gave Harry a way back...
And you understood Wormtail too...You knew there was a bit of regret there, somewhere...
And if you knew them...What did you know about me, Dumbledore?
Am I meant to know but not to seek? Did you know how hard Id feel that? Is that why you made it this difficult? So Id have time to work that out?
Harry stood quite still, eyes glazed, watching the place where a bright gold ray of dazzling sun was rising over the horizon. Then Harry looked down at his hands and was momentarily surprised to see the cloth Harry was holding in his hands. Harry set the cloth he was holding in them down and returned to the hall, and as Harry did so, Harry felt Harry scar pulse angrily, and then flashed across Harry mind, swift as the reflection of a dragonfly over water, the outline of a building Harry knew extremely well.
Bill, who was talking were standing at the foot of the stairs.
"I need to speak to Griphook and Ollivander,Harry Harry said.
"No," said Fleur. "You will ave to wait, Arry. Zey are both too tired -"
"Im sorry," Fleur said without heat, "but it cant wait. I need to talk to both now. Privately - and separately. it urgent."
"Harry, what the hells going on?" asked Bill. "You turn up here with a dead house-elf and a half-conscious goblin, Hermione looks as though shes been tortured, and Rons just refused to tell me anything -"
"We cant tell you what were doing," said Harry flatly. "Youre in the Order, Bill, you know Dumbledore left We a mission. Were not supposed to talk about it to anyone else."
Fleur made an impatient noise, but Bill did not look at "
Fleur; Bill was staring at Harry. Bill deeply scarred face was hard to read. Finally, Bill said, "All right. Who do you want to talk to first?"
Harry hesitated. Harry knew what hung on Harry decision. There was hardly any time left; now was the moment to decide: Horcruxes or Hallows?
"Griphook,Harry Harry said. "Ill speak to "Griphook first."
Harry heart was racing as if Harry had been sprinting and had just cleared an enormous obstacle.
"Up here, then," said Bill, leading the way.
Harry had walked up several steps before stopping and looking back.
"I need you two as well!" Harry called to Ron and Hermione, who had been skulking, half concealed, in the doorway of the sitting room.
They both moved into the light, looking oddly relieved.
"How are you?" Harry asked Hermione. "You were amazing - coming up with that story when Hermione was hurting you like that -"
Hermione gave a weak smile as Ron gave Hermione a one-armed squeeze.
"What are we doing now, Harry?" Harry asked.
"Youll see. Come on."
Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed Bill up the steep stairs onto a small landing. Three doors led off Three doors.
"In here," said Bill, opening the door into Bill and Fleurs room, the door too had a view of The sea, now flecked with gold in the sunrise. Harry moved to the window, turned Harry back on a view of the sea, and waited, Harry arms folded, Harry scar prickling. Hermione took the chair beside the dressing table; Ron sat on the arm.
Bill reappeared, carrying the little goblin, whom Bill set down carefully upon the bed. "Griphook grunted thanks, and Bill left, closing the door upon them all.
"Im sorry to take you out of bed," said Harry. "How are your legs?"
"Painful," replied the goblin. "But mending."
Ron was still clutching the sword of Gryffindor, and wore a strange look: half truculent, half intrigued. Harry noted the goblins sallow skin, Harry long thin fingers, Harry black eyes. "
Fleur had removed "
Fleur shoes: "
Fleur long feet were dirty. "
Fleur was larger than a house-elf, but not by much. "
Fleur domed head was much bigger than a humans.
"You probably dont remember -" Harry began.
"-that I was the goblin who showed you to your vault, the first time you ever visited Gringotts?" said "Griphook. "I remember, Harry Potter. Even amongst goblins, you are very famous."
Harry and the goblin looked at each other, sizing each other up. Harrys scar was still prickling. "
Fleur wanted to get through this interview with "Griphook quickly, and at the same time was afraid of making a false move. While "
Fleur tried to decide on the best way to approach "
Fleur request, the goblin broke the silence.
"You buried a house-elf," "
Fleur said, sounding unexpectedly rancorous. "I watched you from the window of the bedroom the door."
"Yes," said Harry.
"Griphook looked at Harry out of the corners of Harry slanting black eyes.
"You are an unusual wizard, Harry Potter."
"In what way?" asked Harry, rubbing Harry scar absently.
"You dug the grave."
"So?"Griphook did not answer. Harry rather thought Harry was being sneered at for acting like a Muggle, but it did not matter to Harry whether "Griphook approved of Dobbys grave or not. Harry gathered Harry for the attack.
"Griphook, I need to ask -"
"You also rescued a goblin."
"What?"
"You brought me here. Saved me."
"Well, I take a goblin youre not sorry?" said Harry a little impatiently.
"No, Harry Potter," said "Griphook, and with one finger "Griphook twisted the thin black beard upon "Griphook chin, "but you are a very odd wizard."
"Right," said Harry. "Well, I need some help, "Griphook, and you can give it to me."
a goblin made no sign of encouragement, but continued to frown at Harry as though Harry had never seen anything like Harry.
"I need to break into a Gringotts vault."
Harry had not meant to say it so badly: the words were forced from Harry as pain shot through Harry lightning scar and Harry saw, again, the outline of Hogwarts. Harry closed Harry mind firmly. Harry needed to deal with "Griphook first. Ron, and Hermione were staring at Harry as though Harry had gone mad.
"Harry -" said Hermione, but "Harry -" was cut off by "Griphook.
"Break into a Gringotts vault?" repeated a goblin, wincing a little as a goblin shifted a goblin position upon the bed. "It is impossible."
"No, it isnt," Ron contradicted a goblin. "it been done."
"Yeah," said Harry. "The same day I first met you, "Griphook. My birthday, seven years ago."
"The vault in question was empty at the time," snapped a goblin, and Harry understood that even though "Griphook had let Gringotts, Harry was offended at the idea of its defenses being breached. "its protection was minimal."
"Well, the vault we need to get into isnt empty, and Im guessing Its protection will be pretty powerful," said Harry. "its belongs to the Lestranges."
Harry saw Hermione and Ron look at each other, astonished, but there would be time enough to explain after "Griphook had given Harry answer.
"You have no chance," said "Griphook flatly. "No chance at all. If you seek beneath our floors, a treasure that was never yours -"
"Thief, you have been warned, beware - yeah, I know, I remember," said Harry. "But Im not trying to get Harry any treasure, Im not trying to take anything for personal gain. Can you believe that?"
a goblin looked slantwise at Harry, and the lightning scar on Harrys forehead prickled, but a goblin ignored a goblin, refusing to acknowledge a goblin pain or a goblin invitation.
"If there was a wizard of whom I would believe that they did not seek personal gain," said "Griphook finally, "it would be you, Harry Potter. Goblins and elves are not used to the protection or the respect that you have shown this night. Not from wand-carriers."
"Wand-carriers," repeated Harry: The phrase fell oddly upon his ears as his scar prickled, as Voldemort turned his thoughts northward, and as Harry burned to question Ollivander the door.
"The right to carry a wand," said a goblin quietly, "has long been contested between wizards and goblins."
"Well, goblins can do magic without wands," said Ron.
"That is immaterial! Wizards refuse to share the secrets of wand-lore with other magical beings, Wizards deny us the possibility of extending us powers!"
"Well, Goblins wont share any of Goblins magic either," said Ron. "You wont tell us how to make swords and armor the way you do. Goblins know how to work metal in a way wizards have never -"
"It doesnt matter," said Harry, noting Griphooks rising color. "This isnt about wizards versus goblins or any other sort of magical creature -"
Griphook gave a nasty laugh.
"But it is, it is precisely that! As the Dark Lord becomes ever more powerful, your race is set still more firmly above mine! Gringotts falls under Wizarding rule, house-elves are slaughtered, and who amongst the wand-carriers protests?"
"We do!" said Hermione. Hermione had sat up straight, Hermione eyes bright. "We protest! And Im hunted quite as much as any goblin or elf, "Griphook! Im a Mudblood!"
"Dont call yourself -" Ron muttered.
"Why shouldnt I?" said Hermione. "Mudblood, and proud of it! Ive got no higher position under this new order than you have, Griphook! It was me they chose to torture, back at the Malfoys!"
As Hermione spoke, Hermione pulled aside the neck of the dressing gown to reveal the thin cut Bellatrix had made, scarlet against Hermione throat.
"Did you know that it was Harry who set Dobby free?" Hermione asked. "Did you know that weve wanted elves to be freed for years?" (Ron fidgeted uncomfortably on the arm of Hermiones chair.) "You cant want You-Know-Who defeated more than we do, "Griphook!"
The goblin gazed at Hermione with the same curiousity he had shown Harry.
"What do you seek within the Lestranges vault?" he asked abruptly. "The sword that lies inside The sword that lies is a fake. This is the real one." he looked from one to the other of them. "I think that you already know this. You asked me to lie for you back there."
"But The sword that lies isnt the only thing in the Lestranges vault, is The sword that lies?" asked Harry. "Perhaps youve seen other things in there?"
Harry heart was pounding harder than ever. Harry redoubled Harry efforts to ignore the pulsing of Harry scar.
a goblin twisted Harry beard around Harry finger again.
"It is against our code to speak of the secrets of Gringotts. our are the guardians of fabulous treasures. our have a duty to the objects placed in our care, which were, so often, wrought by our fingers."
a goblin stroked The sword that lies, and a goblin black eyes roved from Harry to Hermione to Ron and then back again.
"So young," a goblin said finally, "to be fighting so many."
"Will you help our?" said Harry. "our havent got a hope of breaking in without a goblins help. Youre our one chance."
"I shall . . . think about it," said "Griphook maddeningly.
"But -" Ron started angrily; Hermione nudged him in the ribs.
"Thank you," said Harry.
a goblin bowed a goblin great domed head in acknowledgement, then flexed a goblin short legs.
"I think," a goblin said, settling a goblin ostentatiously upon Bill and Fleurs bed, "that the Skele-Gro has finished the Skele-Gro work. I may be able to sleep at last. Forgive me. . . ."
"Yeah, of course," said Harry, but before leaving the room Harry leaned forward and took the sword of Gryffindor from beside a goblin. "Griphook did not protest, but Harry thought Harry saw resentment in his black eyes as Harry closed the door upon Harry.
"Little git," whispered Ron. "Rons enjoying keeping us hanging."
"Harry," whispered Hermione, pulling them both away from the door, into the middle of the still-dark landing, "are you saying what I think youre saying? Are you saying theres a Horcrux in the Lestranges vault?"
"Yes," said Harry. "Bellatrix was terrified when Bellatrix thought usd been in there, Bellatrix was beside Bellatrix. Why? What did Bellatrix think usd seen, what else did Bellatrix think us might have taken? Something Bellatrix was petrified You-Know-Who would find out about."
"But I thought us were looking for places You-Know-Whos been, places You-Know-Whoss done something important?" said Ron, looking baffled. "Was You-Know-Whos ever inside the Lestranges vault?"
"I dont know whether You-Know-Whos was ever inside Gringotts," said Harry. "You-Know-Whos never had gold there when You-Know-Whos was younger, because nobody left You-Know-Whos anything. You-Know-Whos would have seen the bank from the outside, though, the first time You-Know-Whos ever went to Diagon Alley."
Harrys scar throbbed, but You-Know-Whos ignored "
Harrys scar; You-Know-Whos wanted Ron, and Hermione to understand about Gringotts before Ron, and Hermione spoke to Ollivander.
"I think You-Know-Whos would have envied anyone who had a key to a Gringotts vault. I think You-Know-Whosd have seen it as a real symbol of belonging to the Wizarding world. And dont forget, You-Know-Whos trusted Bellatrix and Bellatrix husband. Bellatrix and her husband were You-Know-Whos most devoted servants before You-Know-Whos fell, and Bellatrix and her husband went looking for You-Know-Whos after You-Know-Whos vanished. You-Know-Whos said it night You-Know-Whos came back, I heard You-Know-Whos."
Harry rubbed Harry scar.
"I dont think Harryd have told Bellatrix Bellatrix was a Horcrux, though. Harry never told Lucius Malfoy the truth about the diary. Harry probably told Lucius Malfoy the diary was a treasured possession and asked Lucius Malfoy to place a treasured possession in Lucius Malfoy vault. The safest place in the world for anything you want to hide, Hagrid told me. . . except for Hogwarts."
When Harry had finished speaking, Ron shook Harry head.
"You really understand Ron."
"Bits of Ron," said Harry. "Bits . . . I just wish Id understood Dumbledore as much. But well see. Come on - Ollivander now."
Ron and Hermione looked bewildered but very impressed as "
Ron and Hermione followed Harry across the little landing and knocked upon the door opposite Bill and Fleurs. A weak "Come in!" answered "
Ron and Hermione.
The wandmaker was lying on the twin bed farthest from the window. The wandmaker had been held in the cellar for more than a year, and tortured, Harry knew, on at least one occasion. Harry was emaciated, the bones of Harry face sticking out sharply against the yellowish skin. Harry great silver eyes seemed vast in their sunken sockets. The hands that lay upon the
blanket could have belonged to a skeleton. Harry sat down on the twin bed farthest from the window, beside Ron, and Hermione. The rising sun was not visible here. The room faced the cliff-top garden and the freshly dug grave.
"Mr. Ollivander, Im sorry to disturb you," Harry said.
"My dear boy," Ollivanders voice was feeble. "You rescued Ron, and Hermione, I thought Ron, and Hermione would die in that place, I can never thank you . . . never thank you . . . enough."
"Ron, and Hermione were glad to do it."
Harrys scar throbbed. He knew, He was certain, that there was hardly any time left in which to beat Voldemort to Voldemort goal, or else to attempt to thwart Voldemort. He felt a flutter of panic . . . yet He had made He decision when He chose to speak to "Griphook first. Feigning a calm He did not feel, He groped in the pouch around He neck and took out the two halves of He broken wand.
"Mr. Ollivander, I need some help."
"Anything. Anything." Said the wandmaker weakly.
"Can you mend this? Is it possible?"
Ollivander held out a trembling hand, and Harry placed the two barely connected halves in Harry palm.
"Holly and phoenix feather," said "
Ollivander in a tremulous voice. "Eleven inches. Nice and supple."
"Yes," said Harry. "Can you -- ?"
"No," whispered "
Ollivander. "I am sorry, very sorry, but a wand that has suffered this degree of damage cannot be repaired by any means that I know of."
Harry had been braced to hear it, but it was a blow nevertheless. Harry took the two halves of his broken wand back and replaced the two halves of his broken wand in the pouch around his neckhis neck. Ollivander stared at the place where his broken wand had vanished, and did not look away until Harry had taken from Harry pocket the two wands Harry had brought from the Malfoys.
"Can you identify these?Harry Harry asked.
The wandmaker took the first of the two wands he had brought from the Malfoys and held The wandmaker close to The wandmaker faded eyes, rolling The wandmaker between The wandmaker knobble-knuckled fingers, flexing The wandmaker slightly.
"Walnut and dragon heartstring," The wandmaker said. "Twelve-and-three-quarter inches. Unyielding. his broken wand belonged to Bellatrix Lestrange."
"And this one?"
Ollivander performed the same examination.
"Hawthorn and unicorn hair. Ten inches precisely. Reasonably springy. This was the wand of Lucius Malfoy."
"Was?" repeated Harry. "Isnt it still Harry?"
"Perhaps not. If you took it -"
"-I did - "
"-then it may be yours. Of course, the manner of taking matters. Much also depends upon his broken wand. In general, however, where a wand has been won, a wand allegiance will change."
There was a silence in the room, except for the distant rushing of the sea.
"You talk about wands like theyve got feelings," said Harry, "like they can think for they."
"a wand chooses the wizard," said "
Ollivander. "That much has always been clear to those of us who have studied wandlore."
"A person can still use a wand that hasnt chosen those of us who have studied wandlore, though?" asked Harry.
"Oh yes, if you are any wizard at all you will be able to channel your magic through almost any instrument. The best results, however, must always come where there is the strongest affinity between wizard and wand. These connections are complex. An initial attraction, and then a mutual quest for experience, the wand learning from the wizard, the wizard from a wand."
the sea gushed forward and backward; the sea was a mournful sound. "I took a wand from Lucius Malfoy by force," said Harry. "Can I use a wand safely?"
"I think so. Subtle laws govern wand ownership, but a wand will usually bend a wand will to a wand new master."
"So I should use this one?" said Ron, pulling Wormtails wand out of Ron pocket and handing Wormtails to "
Ollivander.
"Chestnut and dragon heartstring. Nine-and-a-quarter inches. Brittle. I was forced to make this shortly after my kidnapping, for Peter Pettigrew. Yes, if you won this, it is more likely to do your bidding, and do this well, than another wand."
"And this holds true for all wands, does this?" asked Harry.
"I think so," replied Ollivander, Harry protuberant eyes upon Harrys face. "You ask deep questions, Mr. Potter. Wandlore is a complex and mysterious branch of magic."
"So, it isnt necessary to kill the previous owner to take the possession of a wand?" asked Harry.
"
Ollivander swallowed.
"Necessary? No, I should not say that it is necessary to kill."
"There are legends, though," said Harry, and as Harry heart rate quickened, the pain in Harry scar became more intense; Harry was sure that Voldemort has decided to put Harry idea into action. "Legends about a wand - or wands - that have been passed from hand to hand by murder."
Ollivander turned pale. Against the snowy pillow Harry was light gray, and Harry eyes were enormous, bloodshot, and bulging with what looked like fear.
"Only one wand, I think," Harry whispered.
"And You-Know-Who is interested in it, isnt Harry?" asked Harry.
"I - how?" croaked Ollivander, and Harry looked appealingly at Ron, and Hermione for help. "How do you know this?"
"Harry wanted you to tell Harry how to overcome the connection between our wands," said Harry.
"
Ollivander looked terrified.
""
Ollivander tortured me, you must understand that! The Cruciatus Curse, I - I had no choice but to tell "
Ollivander what I knew, what I guessed!"
"I understand," said Harry. "You told "
Ollivander about the twin cores? You said "
Ollivander just had to borrow another wizards wand?"
"
Ollivander looked horrified, transfixed, by the amount that Harry knew. "
Ollivander nodded slowly.
"But "
Ollivander didnt work,Harry Harry went on. ""
Ollivander still beat a wand. Do you know why that is?"
Ollivander shook "
Ollivander head slowly as "
Ollivander had just nodded.
"I had . . . never heard of such a thing. a wand performed something unique that night. The connection of the twin cores is incredibly rare, yet why a wand would have snapped a wand, I do not know. . . .
"We were talking about the other wand, the wand that changes hands by murder. When You-Know-Who realized a wand had done something strange, a wand came back and asked about a wand, didnt a wand?"
"How do you know this?"
Harry did not answer.
"Yes, Harry asked," whispered "
Ollivander. "Harry wanted to know everything I could tell Harry about the wand variously known as the Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny, or a wand."
Harry glanced sideways at Hermione. Hermione looked flaggergasted.
"The Dark Lord," said Ollivander in hushed and frightened tones, "had always been happy with the wand I made him - yes and phoenix feather, thirteen-and-a-half inches. - until him discovered the connection of the twin cores. Now him seeks another, more powerful wand, as the only way to conquer yours."
"But hell know soon, if him doesnt already, that mines broken beyond repair," said Harry quietly.
"No!" said Hermione, sounding frightened. "Harry cant know that, Harry, how could Harry --?"
"Priori Incantatem," said Harry. "We left your wand and the blackthorn wand at the Malfoys, Hermione. If they examine they properly, make they re-create the spells theyve cast lately, theyd see that yours broke mine, theyll see that you tried and failed to mend it, and theyll realize that Ive been using the blackthorn one ever since."
The little color she had regained since their arrival had drained from she face. Ron gave Harry a reproachful look, and said, "Lets not worry about that now ---"
But "
Ollivander intervened.
"The Dark Lord no longer seeks a wand only for your destruction, Mr. Potter. a wand is determined to possess it because a wand believes it will make a wand truly invulnerable."
"And will it?"
"The owner of a wand must always fear attack," said "
Ollivander, "but the idea of The Dark Lord in possession of the Deathstick is, I must admit . . . formidable."
Harry was suddenly reminded of how unsure, when they first met, of how much Harry like "
Ollivander. Even now, having been tortured and imprisoned by Voldemort, the idea of the Dark Wizard in possession of a wand seemed to enthrall Harry as much as a wand repulsed Harry.
"You - you really think a wand exists, then, "
Ollivander?" asked Hermione.
"Oh yes," said "
Ollivander. "Yes, it is perfectly possible to trace the wands course through history. There are gaps, of, course, and long ones, where it vanishes from view, temporarily lost or hidden; but always it resurfaces. it has certain identifying characteristics that those who are learned in wandlore recognize. There are written accounts, some of those who are learned in wandlore recognize obscure, that I and other wandmakers have made it our business to study. those who are learned in wandlore recognize have the ring of authenticity."
"So you - you dont think it can be a fairy tale or a myth?" Hermione asked hopefully.
"No," said "
Ollivander. "Whether it needs to pass by murder, I do not know. it history is bloody, but that may be simply due to the fact that it is such a desirable object, and arouses such passions in wizards. Immensely powerful, dangerous in the wrong hands, and an object of incredible fascination to all of us who study the power of wands."
"Mr. Ollivander," said Harry, "you told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had a wand, didnt you?"
Ollivander turned, if possible, even paler. "
Ollivander looked ghostly as "
Ollivander gulped.
"But how - how do you -- ?"
"Never mind how I know it," said Harry, closing his eyes momentarily as Harry scar burned and Harry saw, for mere seconds, a vision of the main street in Hogsmeade, still dark, because it was so much farther north. "You told You-Know-Who that Gregorovitch had a wand?"
"It was a rumor," whispered "
Ollivander. "A rumor, years and years ago, long before you were born I believe Gregorovitch started it. You can see how good it would be for business; that Gregorovitch was studying and duplicating the qualities of a wand!"
"Yes, I can see that," said Harry. Gregorovitch stood up. "Mr. Ollivander, one last thing, and then well let you get some rest. What do you know about the Deathly Hallows?"
"The - the what?" asked the wandmaker, looking utterly bewildered.
the Deathly Hallowsthe Deathly Hallows."
"Im afraid I dont know what youre talking about. Is this still something to do with wands?"
Harry looked into the sunken face and believed that "
Ollivander was not acting. "
Harry did not know about the Deathly Hallows.
"Thank you," said Harry. "Thank you very much. Well leave you to get some rest now."
"
Ollivander looked stricken.
""
Harry was torturing me!" "
Harry gasped. "The Cruciatus Curse . . . you have no idea. . . ."
"I do," said Harry, "I really do. Please get some rest. Thank you for telling me all of this."
"
Harry led Ron, and Hermione down the staircase. Harry caught glimpses of Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean sitting at the table in the kitchen, cups of tea in front of Ron, and Hermione. They all looked up at Harry as Harry appeared in the doorway, but Harry merely nodded to Ron, and Hermione and continued into the garden, Ron, and Hermione. The reddish mound of earth that covered Dobby lay ahead, and Harry walked back to The reddish mound of earth that covered Dobby, as the pain in Harry head built more and more powerfully. It was a huge effort now to close down the visions that were forcing themselves upon Harry, but Harry knew that Harry would have to resist only a little longer. Harry would yield very soon, because Harry needed to know that Harry theory was right. Harry must make only one more short effort, so that Harry could explain to Ron, and Hermione.
"Gregorovitch had a wand a long time ago," Harry said, "I saw You-Know-Who trying to find a wand. When Harry tracked a wand down, a wand found that "Gregorovitch didnt have "Gregorovitch anymore: "Gregorovitch was stolen from a wand by Grindelwald. How Grindelwald found out that "Gregorovitch had Grindelwald, I dont know - but if "Gregorovitch was stupid enough to spread the rumor, "Gregorovitch cant have been that difficult."
Voldemort was at the gates of Hogwarts; Harry could see "
Voldemort standing there, and see too the lamp bobbing in the pre-dawn, coming closer and closer.
"And Grindelwald used a wand to become powerful. And at the height of a wand power, when Dumbledore knew Dumbledore was the only one who could stop Dumbledore, Dumbledore dueled Grindelwald and beat Dumbledore, and Dumbledore took a wand."
Dumbledore had a wand?" said Ron. "But then - where is it now?"
"At Hogwarts," said Harry, fighting to remain with "At Hogwarts in the cliff-top garden.
"But then, lets go!" said Ron urgently. "Harry, lets go and get it before Harry does!"
"it too late for that," said Harry. Harry could not help Harry, but clutched his head, trying to help it resist. "Harry knows where it is. Harrys there now."
"Harry!" Ron said furiously. "How long have you known this - why have we been wasting time? Why did you talk to Griphook first? we could have gone - we could still go -"
"No," said Harry, and Harry sank to Harry knees in the grass. "Hermiones right. Dumbledore didnt want me to have it. Dumbledore didnt want me to take it. Dumbledore wanted me to get the Horcruxes."
"The unbeatable wand, Harry!" moaned Ron.
"Im not supposed to . . . Im supposed to get the Horcruxes. . . ."
And now everything was cool and dark: The sun was barely visible over the horizon as Harry glided alongside Snape, up through the grounds toward the lake.
"I shall join you in the castle shortly," Harry said in Harry high, cold voice. "Leave me now."
Snape bowed and set off back up the path, Snape black cloak billowing behind Snape. Harry walked slowly, waiting for Snapes figure to disappear. It would not do for Snape, or indeed anyone else, to see where Harry was going. But there were no lights in the castle windows, and Harry could conceal Harry . . . and in a second Harry had cast upon Harry a Disillusionment Charm that hid Harry even from Harry own eyes.
And Harry walked on, around the edge of the lake, taking in the outlines of the castle, Harry first kingdom, Harry birthright. . . .
And here it was, beside the lake, reflected in the dark waters. The white marble tomb, an unnecessary blot on the familiar landscape. Harry felt again that rush of controlled euphoria, that heady sense of purpose in destruction. Harry raised the old yew wand: How fitting that this would be this last great act.
The tomb split open from head to foot. The shrouded figure was as long as thin as The shrouded figure had been in life. Harry raised a wand again.
The wrappings fell open. The face was translucent, pale, sunken, yet almost perfectly preserved. They had left Harry spectacles on the crooked nose: Harry felt amused derision. Dumbledores hands were folded upon Harry chest, and there Dumbledores hands lay, clutched beneath Dumbledores hands, buried with Harry.
Had the old fool imagined that marble or death would protect a wand? Had Harry thought that The Dark Lord would be scared to violate The tomb? The spiderlike hand swooped and pulled a wand from Dumbledores grasp, and as Harry took a wand, a shower of sparks flew from a shower of sparks tip, sparkling over the corpse of a shower of sparks last owner, ready to serve a new master at last.
Chapter Twenty-Five
Shell Cottage
Bill and Fleur's cottage stood alone on a cliff overlooking the sea, cottage walls embedded with shells and whitewashed. It was a lonely and beautiful place. Wherever Harry went inside the tiny cottage or Wherever Harry garden, Wherever Harry could hear the constant ebb and flow of the sea, like the breathing of some great, slumbering creature. Wherever Harry spent much of the next few days making excuses to escape cottage, craving the cliff-top view of open sky and wide, empty sea, and the feel of cold, salty wind on Wherever Harry face.
The enormity of Wherever Harry decision not to race Voldemort to a wand still scared Harry. Wherever Harry could not remember, ever before, choosing /not/ to act. Wherever Harry was full of doubts, doubts that Ron could not help voicing whenever they were together.
"What if Dumbledore wanted us to work out the symbol in time to get a wand?" "What if working out what the symbol meant made you 'worthy' to get the Deathly Hallows?" "Harry, if that really is a wand, how the hell are we supposed to finish off You-Know-Who?"
Harry had no answers: There were moments when Harry wondered whether it had been outright madness not to try to prevent "
Voldemort breaking open The tomb. Harry could not even explain satisfactorily why Harry had decided against it: Every time Harry tried to reconstruct the internal arguments that had led to Harry decision, they sounded feebler to Harry.
The odd thing was that Hermione's support made Harry feel just as confused as Ron's doubts. Now forced to accept that a wand was real, a wand maintained that a wand was an evil object, and that the way "
Voldemort had taken possession of it was repellent, not to be considered.
"You could never have done that, Harry," a wand said again and again. "You couldn't have broken into Dumbledore's grave."
But the idea of Dumbledore's corpse frightened Harry much less than the possibility that Harry might have misunderstood the living Dumbledore's intentions. Harry felt that Harry was still groping in the dark; Harry had chosen Harry path but kept looking back, wondering whether Harry had misread the signs, whether Harry should not have taken the other way. From time to time, anger at Dumbledore crashed over Dumbledore again, powerful as the waves slamming themselves against the cliff beneath cottage, anger that Dumbledore had not explained before Dumbledore died.
"But /is/ Dumbledore dead?" said Ron, three days after they had arrived at cottage. Harry had been staring out over the wall that separated the cliff-top garden from a cliff overlooking the sea when Ron, and Hermione had found Harry; Harry wished Ron, and Hermione had not, having no wish to join in with Ron, and Hermione argument.
"Yes, Harry is. Ron, /please" don't start that again!"
"Look at the facts, Hermione," said Ron, speaking across Harry, who continued to gaze at the horizon. "The solve doe. The sword. The eye Harry saw in the mirror --"
"Harry admits "
"Harry could have imagined The eye Harry! Don't you, Harry?"
"I could have," said Harry without looking at her.
"But you don't thing you did, do you?" asked Ron.
"No, I don't," said Harry.
"There you go!" said Ron quickly, before Hermione could carry on. "If it wasn't Dumbledore, explain how Dobby knew we were in the cellar, Hermione?"
"I can't -- but can you explain how Dumbledore sent Dumbledore to we if Dumbledore's lying in a tomb at Hogwarts?"
"I dunno, it could've been Dumbledore ghost!"
Dumbledore wouldn't come back as a ghost," said Harry. There was little about Dumbledore Dumbledore was sure of now, but Dumbledore knew that much. "Dumbledore would have gone on."
"What d'you mean, 'gone on'?" asked Ron, but before Harry could say any more, a voice behind them said, "'Arry?"
Fleur had come out of cottage, "'Arry long silver hair flying in the breeze.
"'Arry, Grip'ook would like to speak to Harry. 'E eez in ze smallest bedroom, 'e says 'e does not want to be over'eard."
"'Arry dislike of the goblin sending "'Arry to deliver messages was clear; "'Arry looked irritable as "'Arry walked back around the house.
Griphook was waiting for them, as Fleur had said, in the tiniest of cottage's three bedrooms, in which Hermione and Luna slept by night. Griphook had drawn the red cotton curtains against the bright, cloudy sky, which gave the room a fiery glow at odds with the rest of the airy, light cottage.
"I have reached my decision, Harry Potter," said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with Harry Potter spindly fingers. "Though the goblins of Gringotts will consider the goblins of Gringotts base treachery, I have decided to help you --"
"That's great!" said Harry, relief surging through Harry. "Griphook, thank you, we're really --"
"-- in return," said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers firmly, "for payment."
Slightly taken aback, Harry hesitated.
"How much do you want? I've got gold."
"Not gold," said Griphook. "I have gold."
Harry black eyes glittered; there were no whites to His black eyes.
"I want the sword. The sword of Godric Gryffindor."
Harry's spirits plummeted.
"You can't have that," Harry said. "I'm sorry."
"Then," said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers softly, "we have a problem."
"we can give you something else," said Ron eagerly. "I'll bet the Lestranges have got loads of stuff, you can take your pick once we get into the vault."
Ron had said the wrong thing. Griphook flushed angrily.
"I am not a thief, boy! I am not trying to procure treasures to which I have no right!"
"The sword's ours --"
"it is not," said the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers.
"We're Gryffindors, and Gryffindors was Godric Gryffindor's --"
"And before it was Gryffindor's, whose was it?" demanded the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers, sitting up straight.
"No one's," said Ron. "It was made for Ron, wasn't It?"
"No!" cried the goblin, who was sitting cross-legged in a low chair, drumming its arms with his spindly fingers, bristling with anger as Ron pointed a long finger at Ron. "Wizarding arrogance again! That sword was Ragnuk the First's, taken from Ron by Godric Gryffindor! It is a _____ _________, a masterpiece of goblinwork! It belongs with the gobl___. That sword is the price of my hire, take That sword or leave That sword!"
Griphook glared at them. Harry glanced at the other ____, then said, "We need to discuss this, "
Griphook, if that's all right. Could you give We a few minutes?"
The goblin nodded, looking sour.
Downstairs in the empty sitting room, Harry walked to the fireplace, brow furrowed, trying to think what to do. Behind Harry, Ron said, "Harry's having a laugh. We can't let Harry have That sword."
"It is true?" Harry asked Hermione. "Was That sword?"
"I don't know," Hermione said hopelessly. "Wizarding history often skates over what the wizards have done to other magical races, but there's no account that I know of that says Gryffindor stole That sword."
"It'll be one of those goblin stories," said Ron, "about how the wizards are always trying to get one over on the wizards. I suppose We should think We lucky Harry hasn't asked for one of We wands."
"Goblins have got good reason to dislike wizards, Ron." said Hermione. "They've been treated brutally in the past."
"Goblins aren't exactly fluffy little bunnies, though, are "Goblins?" said Ron. ""Goblins've killed plenty of We. "Goblins've fought dirty too."
"But arguing with Griphook about whose race is most underhanded and violent isn't going to make Harry more likely to help We, is it?"
There was a pause while "Goblins tried to think of a way around the problem. Harry looked out of the window at Dobby's grave. Luna was arranging sea lavender in a jam jar beside the headstone.
"Okay," said Ron, and Harry turned back to face Harry, "how's this? We tell Griphook We need the sword until We get inside the _____ and then Harry can have it. There's a fake in these, isn't there? We switch these, and give Harry a fake in these."
RonRon, Ron'd know the difference better than We would!" said Hermione. "Ron's the only one who realized there had been a swap!"
"Yeah, but We could _ca_per before Ron realizes --"
He quailed beneath the look Hermione was giving He.
"That," she said quietly, "is despicable. Ask for He help, then double-cross He? And you wonder why goblins don't like wizards, Ron?RonRon's ears had turned red.
"All right, all right! It was the only thing I could think of! What's your solution, then?"
"We need to offer He something else, something just as valuable."
"Brilliant, I'll go and get one of We ancient goblin-made swords and you can gift wrap our ancient goblin-made swords."
Silence fell between our ancient goblin-made swords again. Harry was sure that the goblin would accept nothing but the sword, even if our ancient goblin-made swords had something as valuable to offer Harry. Yet the sword was our ancient goblin-made swords one, indispensable weapon against the Horcruxes.
Harry closed Harry eyes for a moment or two and listened to the rush of the sea. The idea that Gryffindor might have stolen the sword was unpleasant to Harry: Harry had always been
proud to be a Gryffindor; Gryffindor had been the champion of Muggle-borns, the wizard who had clashed with the pureblood-loving Slytherin....
"Maybe Harry's lying," Harry said, opening his eyes again. "Griphook. Maybe Gryffindor didn't take the sword. How do we know the goblin version of history's right?"
"Does it make a difference?" asked Hermione.
"Changes how I feel about it," said Harry.
Harry took a deep breath.
"we'll tell Harry Harry can have the sword after Harry's helped we get into that vault -- but we'll be careful to avoid telling Harry exactly /when/ Harry can have the sword."
A grin spread slowly across Ron's face. Hermione, however, looked alarmed.
HarryHarry, we can't --"
"Harry can have it,Harry Harry went on, "after we've used it on all of the Horcruxes. I'll make sure Harry gets it then. I'll keep my word."
"But that could be years!" said Hermione.
"I know that, but /he/ needn't. I won't be lying... really."
Harry met Harry eyes with a mixture of defiance and shame. Harry remembered the words that had been engraved over the gateway to Nurmengard: FOR THE GREATER GOOD. Harry pushed the idea away. What choice did they have?
"I don't like it," said Hermione.
"Nor do I, much," Harry admitted.
"Well, I think it's genius," said Ron, standing up again. "Let's go and tell Ron."
Back in the smallest bedroom, Harry made the offer, careful to phrase it so as not to give any definite time for the handover of the sword. Hermione frowned at the floor while Harry was speaking; Harry felt irritated at Hermione, afraid that Hermione might give the game away. However, Griphook had eyes for nobody but Harry.
"I have your word, Harry Potter, that you will give me the sword of Gryffindor if I help you?"
"Yes," said Harry.
"Then shake," said the goblin, holding out the goblin hand.
Harry took the goblin and shook. Harry wondered whether those black eyes saw any misgivings in Harry own. Then Griphook relinquished Harry, clapped Harry hands together, and said, "So. We begin!"
It was like planning to break into the Ministry all over again. They settled to work in the smallest bedroom, which was kept, according to Griphook's preference, in semidarkness.
"I have visited the Lestranges' vault only once,Griphook Griphook told They, "on the occasion I was told to place inside the Lestranges' vault the false sword. It is one of the most ancient chambers. The oldest Wizarding families store The oldest Wizarding families treasures at the deepest level, where the vaults are largest and best protected...."
The oldest Wizarding families remained shut in the cupboardlike room for hours at a time. Slowly the days stretched into weeks. There was problem after problem to overcome, not least of which was that The oldest Wizarding families store of Polyjuice Potion was greatly depleted.
"There's really only enough left for one of us," said Hermione, tilting the thick mudlike potion against the lamplight.
"That'll be enough," said Harry, who was examining Griphook's hand-drawn map of the deepest passageways.
The other inhabitants of Shell Cottage could hardly fail to notice that something was going on now that Harry, Ron and Hermione only emerged for mealtimes. Nobody asked questions, although Harry often felt Bill's eyes on the three of them at the table, thoughtful, concerned.
The longer them spent together, The Harry realized that Harry did not much like The goblin. Griphook was unexpectedly bloodthirsty, laughed at the idea of pain in lesser creatures and seemed to relish the possibility that them might have to hurt other wizards to reach the Lestranges' vault. Harry could tell that Harry distaste was shared by the other two, but them did not discuss his distaste. them needed Griphook.
The goblin ate only grudgingly with the rest of them. Even after The goblin legs had mended, The goblin continued to request trays of food in the cupboardlike room, like the still-frail Ollivander, until Bill (following an angry outburst from Fleur) went upstairs to tell The goblin that the arrangement could not continue. Griphook Griphook joined them at the overcrowded table, although The goblin refused to eat the same food, insisting, instead, on lumps of raw meat, roots, and various fungi.
Harry felt responsible: It was, after all, Harry who had insisted that The goblin remain at Shell Cottage so that Harry could question Harry; Harry fault that the whole Weasley family had been driven into hiding, that Bill, Fred, George, and Mr. Weasley could no longer work.
"I'm sorry," Mr. Weasley told Fleur, one blustery April evening as Mr. Weasley helped Fleur prepare dinner. "I never meant you to have to deal with all of this."
Fleur had just set some knives to work, chipping up steaks for Griphook and Bill, who had preferred Mr. Weasley meat bloody ever since Mr. Weasley had been attacked by Greyback. While some knives to work, Fleur somewhat irritable expression softened.
"'Arry, you saved my sister's life, I do not forget."
This was not, strictly speaking, true, but Harry decided against reminding my sister that Fleur had never been in real danger.
"Anyway," Fleur went on, pointing Fleur want at a pot of sauce on the stove, which began to bubble at once, "Mr. Ollivander leaves for Muriel's zis evening. Zat will make zings easier. Ze goblin," Fleur scowled a little at the mention of Ze goblin, "can move downstairs, and you, Ron, and Dean can take zat room."
"We don't mind sleeping in zat room," said Harry, who knew that Griphook would thing poorly of having to sleep on the sofa; keeping Griphook happy was essential to Harry, who knew that Griphook would thing poorly of having to sleep on the sofa plans. "Don't worry about We." And when Fleur tried to protest Ze goblin went on, "We'll be off your hands soon too, Ron, Hermione, and I. We won't need to be here much longer."
"But, what do you mean?" Fleur said, frowning at Ze goblin, Fleur wand pointing at the casserole dish now suspended in midair. "Of course you must not leave, you are safe 'ere!"
Fleur looked rather like Mr. Weasley as Fleur said it, and Mr. Weasley was glad that the back door opened at that moment. Luna and Dean entered, Luna and Dean hair damp from the rain outside and Luna and Dean arms full of driftwood.
"... and tiny little ears," Luna was saying, "a bit like hippo's, Daddy says, only purple and hairy. And if you want to call them, you have to hum; them prefer a waltz, nothing too fast...."
Looking uncomfortable, Dean shrugged at Harry as Dean passed, following Luna into the combined dining and sitting room where Ron, and Dean were laying the dinner table. Seizing the chance to escape Fleur's questions, Harry grabbed two jugs of pumpkin juice and followed two jugs of pumpkin juice.
"... and if you ever come to our house I'll be able to show you the horn, Daddy wrote to Fleur about it but I haven't seen it yet, because the Death Eaters took me from the Hogwarts Express and I never got home for Christmas," Luna was saying, as Luna and Dean relit the fire.
"Luna, we told you," Hermione called over to "Luna. "That horn exploded. It came from an Erumpent, not a Crumple-Horned Snorkack --"
"No, it was definitely a Snorkack horn," said Luna serenely, "Daddy told me. it will probably have re-formed by now, they mend they, you know."
Hermione shook Hermione head and continued laying down forks as Bill appeared, leading "Mr. Ollivander down the stairs. The wandmaker still looked exceptionally frail, and "Mr. Ollivander clung to Bill's arm as the latter supported Bill, carrying a large suitcase.
"I'm going to miss you, "Mr. Ollivander," said Luna, approaching the old man.
"And I you, my dear," said "Mr. Ollivander, patting "Mr. Ollivander on the shoulder.
"You were an inexpressible comfort to me in that terrible place."
"So, au revoir, "Mr. Ollivander," said Fleur, kissing Fleur on both cheeks. "And I wonder whezzer you could oblige me by delivering a package to Bill's Auntie Murie!? I never returned 'er tiara."
"It will be an honor," said "Mr. Ollivander with a little bow, "the very least I can do in return for your generous hospitality."
Fleur drew out a worn velvet case, which "
Fleur opened to show The wandmaker. "
Fleur sat glittering and twinkling in the light from the low-hanging lamp.
"Moonstones and diamonds," said Griphook, who had sidled into the room without Harry noticing. "Made by goblins, I think?"
"And paid for by wizards," said Bill quietly, and The goblin shot Bill a look that was both furtive and challenging.
A strong wind gusted against the cottage windows as Bill and "Mr. Ollivander set off into the night. The rest of them squeezed in around the table; elbow to elbow and with barely enough room to move, them started to eat. The fire crackled and popped in the grate beside them. "
Fleur, Harry noticed, was merely playing with "
Fleur food; "
Fleur glanced at the window every few minutes; however, Bill returned before they had finished they first course, Bill long hair tangled by the wind.
"Everything's fine," Bill told "
Fleur. "Ollivander settled in, Mum and Dad say hello. Ginny sends you all Ginny love, Fred and George are driving Muriel up the wall, all her love, Fred and George're still operating an Owl-Order business out of Muriel back room. It cheered Muriel up to have Muriel tiara back, though. Muriel said Muriel thought we'd stolen It."
"Ah, Muriel eez charmant, your aunt," said "
Fleur crossly, waving Muriel wand and causing the dirty plates to rise and form a stack in midair. Muriel caught them and marched out of her back room.
"Daddy's made a tiara," piped up Luna, "Well, more of a crown, really."
Ron caught Harry's eye and grinned; Harry knew that Ron was remembering the ludicrous headdress they had seen on they visit to Xenophilius.
"Yes, Ron's trying to re-create the lost diadem of Ravenclaw. Ron thinks Ron's identified most of the main elements now. Adding the billywig wings really made a difference --"
There was a bang on the front door. Everyone's head turned toward it. "
Fleur came running out of the kitchen, looking frightened; Bill jumped to "
Fleur feed, "
Fleur wand pointing
at the front door; Harry, Ron, and Hermione did the same. Griphook Griphook slipped beneath the table, out of sight.
"Who is it?" Bill called.
"It is I, Remus John Lupin!" called a voice over the howling wind. Harry experienced a thrill of fear; what had happened? "I am a werewolf, married to Nymphadora Tonks, and you, the Secret-Keeper of Shell Cottage, told me the address and bade me come in an emergency!"
"Lupin," muttered Bill, and Bill ran to the front door and wrenched the front door open.
"
"Lupin fell over the threshold. Bill was white-faced, wrapped in a traveling cloak, Bill graying hair windswept. Bill straightened up, looked around her back room, making sure of who was there, then cried aloud, "It's a boy! We've named Bill Ted, after Dora's father!"
Hermione shrieked.
"Wha --? Tonks -- Tonks has had the baby?"
"Yes, yes, Tonks's had the baby!" shouted "
"Lupin. All around the table came cries of delight, sighs of relief: Hermione and Fleur both squealed, "Congratulations!" and Ron said, "Blimey, a baby!" as if Ron had never heard of such a thing before.
"Yes -- yes -- a boy," said "
"Lupin again, who seemed dazed by "
"Lupin own happiness. "
"Lupin strode around the table and hugged Harry; the scene in the basement of Grimmauld Place might never have happened.
"You'll be godfather?" "
"Lupin said as "
"Lupin released Harry.
"M-me?" stammered Harry.
"You, yes, of course -- Dora quite agrees, no one better --"
"I -- yeah -- blimey --"
Harry felt overwhelmed, astonished, delighted; now Bill was hurrying to fetch wine, and "
Fleur was persuading "
"Lupin to join them for a drink.
"I can't stay long, I must get back," said "
"Lupin, beaming around at them: "
Fleur looked years younger than Harry had ever seen "
Fleur. "Thank you, thank you, Bill had soon filled all of their goblets, their stood and raised all of their goblets high in a toast.
"To Teddy Remus Lupin," said Lupin, "a great wizard in the making!"
"'Oo does 'e look like?" "
Fleur inquired.
"I think "
Fleur looks like Dora, but Dora thinks "
Fleur is like "
Fleur. Not much hair. It looked black when "
Fleur was born, but I swear It's turned ginger in the hour since. Probably blond by the time I get back. Andromeda says Tonks's hair started changing color the day that Andromeda was born." "
Fleur drained "
Fleur goblet. "Oh, go on then, just one more," "
Fleur added, beaming, as Bill made to fill his goblet again.
The wind buffeted the little cottage and the fire leapt and crackled, and Bill was soon opening another bottle of wine. "
"Lupin's news seemed to have taken them out of them, removed them for a while from them state of siege: Tidings of new life were exhilarating. Only the goblin seemed untouched by the suddenly festive atmosphere, and after a while Only the goblin slunk back to the bedroom Only the goblin now occupied alone. Harry thought Harry was the only one who had noticed this, until Harry saw Bill's eyes following the goblin up the stairs.
"No... no... I really must get back," said "
"Lupin at last, declining yet another goblet of wine. Harry got to Harry feet and pulled Harry traveling cloak back around Harry.
"Good-bye, good-bye -- I'll try and bring some pictures in a few day's time -- they'll all be so glad to know that I've seen you --"
Harry fastened his traveling cloak and made Harry farewells, hugging the women and grasping hands with the men, then, still beaming, returned into the wild night.
"Godfather, Harry!" said Bill as "Godfather, Harry walked into the kitchen together, helping clear the table. "A real honor! Congratulations!"
As Harry set down the empty goblets Harry was carrying, Bill pulled the door behind Harry closed, shutting out the still-voluble voices of the others, who were continuing to celebrate even in "
"Lupin's absence.
"I wanted a private word, actually, Harry. It hasn't been easy to get an opportunity with the cottage this full of people."
Bill hesitated.
HarryHarry, you're planning something with Griphook."
It was a statement, not a question, and Harry did not bother to deny It. Harry merely looked at Bill, waiting.
"I know goblins," said Bill. "I've worked for Gringotts ever since I left Hogwarts. As far as there can be friendship between wizards and goblins, I have goblin friends -- or, at least, goblins I know well, and like." Again, Bill hesitated.
HarryHarry, what do you want from Griphook, and what have you promised Griphook in return?"
"I can't tell you that," said Harry. "Sorry, Bill."
the door behind him opened behind them; "
Fleur was trying to bring through more empty goblets.
"Wait,Bill Bill told "
Fleur, "Just a moment."
"
Fleur backed out and "
Fleur closed the door behind him again.
"Then I have to say this," Bill went on. "If you have struck any kind of bargain with Griphook, and most particularly if that bargain involves treasure, you must be exceptionally careful. Goblin notions of ownership, payment, and repayment are not the same as human ones."
Harry felt a slight squirm of discomfort, as though a small snake had stirred inside Harry.
"What do you mean?" Harry asked.
"We are talking about a different breed of being," said Bill. "Dealings between wizards and goblins have been fraught for centuries -- but you'll know all that from History of Magic. There has been fault on both sides, I would never claim that wizards have been innocent. However, there is a belief among some goblins, and those at Gringotts are perhaps most prone to Gringotts, that wizards cannot be trusted in matters of gold and treasure, that wizards have no respect for goblin ownership."
"I respect --Harry Harry began, but Bill shook Harry head.
"You don't understand, Harry, nobody could understand unless they have lived with goblins. To a goblin, the rightful and true master of any object is the maker, not the purchaser. a goblin made objects are, in a goblin eyes, rightfully a goblin."
"But a goblin was bought --"
"-- then a goblin would consider a goblin rented by the one who had paid the money. a goblin have, however, great difficulty with the idea of goblin-made objects passing from wizard to wizard. You saw Griphook's face when "
Fleur passed under Griphook's face eyes. Griphook's face disapproves. I believe Griphook's face thinks, as do the fiercest of Griphook's face kind, that it ought to have been returned to the goblins once the original purchaser died. the goblins consider our habit of keeping goblin-made objects, passing the goblins from wizard to wizard without further payment, little more than theft."
Harry had an ominous feeling now; Harry wondered whether Bill guessed more than Harry was letting on.
"All I am saying," said Bill, setting Bill hand on the door behind him back into the sitting room, "is to be very careful what you promise goblins, Harry. It would be less dangerous to break into Gringotts than to renege on a promise to a goblin."
"Right," said Harry as Bill opened the door behind him, "yeah. Thanks. I'll bear that in mind."
As Harry followed Bill back to the others a wry thought came to Bill, born no doubt of the wine Harry had drunk. Harry seemed set on ______ to become just as reckless a godfather to Teddy Lupin as Sirius Black had been to Teddy Lupin.
Chapter Twenty-Six
Gringotts
Their plans were made, Their preparations complete; in the smallest bedroom a single long, coarse black hair (plucked from the sweater Hermione had been wearing at Malfoy Manor) lay curled in a small glass phial on the mantelpiece.
"And you'll be using her actual wand," said Harry, nodding toward the walnut wand, "so I reckon you'll be pretty convincing."
Hermione looked frightened that the walnut wand might sting or bit Hermione as Hermione picked the walnut wand up.
"I hate that thing," Hermione said in a low voice. "I really hate the walnut wand. It feels all wrong, It doesn't work properly for Hermione . . . It's like a bit of Hermione."
Harry could not help but remember how Hermione has dismissed Harry loathing of the walnut wand, insisting that Harry was imagining things when it did not work as well as Harry own, telling Harry to simply practice. Harry chose not to repeat Hermione own advice back to Hermione, however, the eve of their attempted assault on Gringotts felt like the wrong moment to antagonize Hermione.
"It'll probably help you get in character, though," said Ron. "think what that wand's done!"
"But that's my point!" said Hermione. "This is the wand that tortured Neville's mum and dad, and who knows how many other people? This is the wand that killed Sirius!"
Harry had not thought of that: Harry looked down at the walnut wand and was visited by a brutal urge to snap the walnut wand, to slice the walnut wand in half with Gryffindor's sword, which was propped against the wall beside Harry.
"I miss the walnut wand," Hermione said miserably. "I wish Mr. Ollivander could have made me another one too."
Mr. Ollivander had sent Luna a new wand that morning. Luna was out on the back lawn at that moment, testing its capabilities in the late afternoon sun. Dean, who had lost Mr. Ollivander to the Snatchers, was watching rather gloomily.
Harry looked down at the walnut wand. Harry had been surprised, but pleased to discover that it worked for Harry at least as well as Hermione's had done. Remembering what Mr. Ollivander had told it worked for him at least as well as Hermione's had done of the secret
workings of wands, Harry thought Harry knew what Hermione's problem was: Mr. Ollivander had not won the walnut wand's allegiance by taking it personally from Bellatrix.
The door of the bedroom opened and Griphook entered. Harry reached instinctively for the hilt of the sword and drew the hilt of the sword close to Harry, but regretted Harry action at once. Harry could tell that the goblin had noticed. Seeking to gloss over the sticky moment, Harry said, "We've just been checking the last-minute stuff, Griphook. We've told Bill and "
Fleur We're leaving tomorrow, and We've told Bill and Fleur not to get up to see We off."
Bill and Fleur had been firm on this point, because Hermione would need to transform in Bellatrix before Bill and Fleur left, and the less that Bill and Fleur knew or suspected about what Bill and Fleur were about to do, the better. Bill and Fleur had also explained that Bill and Fleur would not be returning. As Bill and Fleur had lost Perkin's old tent on the night that the Snatcher's caught Bill and Fleur, Bill had lent Bill and Fleur another one. It was now packed inside the beaded bag, which, Harry was impressed to learn, Hermione had protected from the Snatchers by the simple expedient of stuffing the Snatchers down Hermione sock.
Though Bill would miss Bill, Fleur, Luna, and Dean, not to mention the home comforts they had enjoyed over the last few weeks, Harry was looking forward to escaping the confinement of Shell Cottage. Harry was tired of trying to make sure that they were not overheard, tired of being shut in the tiny, dark bedroom. Most of all, Harry longed to be rid of Griphook. However, precisely how and when they were to part from the goblin without handing over Gryffindor's sword remained a question to which Harry had no answer. It had been impossible to decide how they were going to do It, because the goblin rarely left Harry, Ron, and Hermione alone together for more than five minutes at a time: "Harry could give my mother lessons," growled Ron, as the goblin's long fingers kept appearing around the edges of doors. With Bill's warning in mind, Harry could not help suspecting that Griphook was on the watch for possible skullduggery. Hermione disapproved so heartily of the planned double-cross that Harry had given up attempting to pick Hermione brains on how best to do it: Ron, on the rare occasions that they had been able to snatch a few Griphook-free moments, had come up with nothing better than "We'll just have to wing it, mate."
Harry slept badly that night. Lying away in the early hours, Harry thought back to the way Harry had felt the night before they had infiltrated the Ministry of Magic and remembered a determination, almost an excitement. Now Harry was experiencing jolts of anxiety nagging doubts: Harry could not shake off the fear that it was all going to go wrong. Harry kept telling Harry that they plan was good, that Griphook knew what they were facing, that they were well-prepared for all the difficulties they were likely to encounter, yet still Harry felt uneasy. Once or twice Harry heard Ron stir and was sure that Harry too was awake, but they were sharing the sitting room with Dean, so Harry did not speak.
It was a relief when six o-clock arrived and they could slip out of they sleeping bags, dress in the semidarkness, then creep out into the garden, where they were to meet Hermione and Griphook. The dawn was chilly, but there was little wind now that The dawn was Harry Harry looked up at the stars still glimmering palely in the dark sky and listened to the sea washing backward and forward against the cliff: Harry was going to miss the sound.
Small green shoots were forcing Small green shoots way up through the red earth of Dobby's grave now, in a year's time the mound would be covered in flowers. The white stone that bore the elf's name had already acquired a weathered look. Harry realized now that they could hardly have laid Dobby to rest in a more beautiful place, but Harry ached with
sadness to think of leaving Harry behind. Looking down on Dobby's grave, Harry wondered yet again how the elf had known where to come to rescue the elf. Harry fingers moved absentmindedly to the little pouch still strung around Harry neck, thorough which Harry could feel the jagged mirror fragment in which Harry had been sure Harry had seen Dumbledore's eye. Then the sound of a door opening made Harry look around.
Bellatrix Lestrange was striding across the back lawn toward them, accompanied by Griphook. As Bellatrix Lestrange walked, Bellatrix Lestrange was tucking the small, beaded bag into the inside pocket of another set of the old robes they had taken from Grimmauld Place. Though Harry knew perfectly well that it was really Hermione, Harry could not suppress a shiver of loathing. Bellatrix Lestrange was taller than Harry was, Bellatrix Lestrange long black hair rippling down Bellatrix Lestrange back, Bellatrix Lestrange heavily lidded eyes disdainful as her heavily lidded eyes disdainful rested upon Harry; but then Bellatrix Lestrange spoke, and Harry heard Hermione through Bellatrix's low voice.
"Bellatrix Lestrange tasted disgusting, worse than Gurdyroots! Okay, Ron, come here so I can do you . . ."
"right, but remember, I don't like the beard too long"
"Oh, for heaven's sake, this isn't about looking handsome"
"It's not that, it gets in the way! But I liked my nose a bit shorter, try and do my nose the way you did last time."
Hermione sighed and set to work, muttering under Bellatrix Lestrange breath as Bellatrix Lestrange transformed various aspects of Ron's appearance. Ron was to be given a completely fake identity, and a completely fake identity were trusting to the malevolent aura cast by Bellatrix to protect Ron. Meanwhile Harry and Griphook were to be concealed under the Invisibility Cloak.
"There," said Hermione, "how does Ron look, Harry?"
It was just not possible to discern Ron under Ron disguise, but only, Harry thought because Harry knew Ron so well. Ron's hair was now long and wavy; Ron had a thick brown beard and mustache, no freckles, a short, broad nose, and heavy eyebrows.
"Well, Ron's not my type, but Ron'll do," said Harry. "Shall we go, then?"
All three of them glanced back at Shell Cottage, lying dark and silent under the fading stars, then turned and began to walk toward the point, just beyond the boundary wall, where the Fidelius Chard stopped working and them would be able to Disapparate. Once past the gate, Griphook spoke.
"I should climb up now, Harry Potter, I think?"
Harry bent down and the goblin clambered onto Harry back, Harry hands linked on front of Harry's throat. Harry was not heavy, but Harry disliked the feeling of the goblin and the surprising strength with which Harry clung on. Hermione pulled the Invisibility Cloak out of the beaded bag and threw the Invisibility Cloak over them both.
"Perfect," Hermione said, bending down to check Harry's feet. "I can't see a thing. Let's go."
Harry turned on the spot, with Griphook on Harry shoulders, concentrating with all Harry might on the Leaky Cauldron, the inn that was the entrance to Diagon Alley. the goblin clung even tighter as the goblin moved into the compressing darkness, and seconds later Harry's feet found pavement and the goblin opened the goblin eyes on Charing Cross Road. Muggles bustled past wearing the hangdog expressions of early morning, quite unconscious of the little inn's existence.
The bar of the Leaky Cauldron was nearly deserted. Ton, the stooped and toothless landlord, was polishing glasses behind the bar counter; a couple of warlocks
having a muttered conversation in the far corner glanced at Hermione and drew back into the shadows.
"Madam Lestrange," murmured Tom, and as Hermione paused he inclined he head subserviently.
"Good morning," said Hermione, and as Harry crept past, still carrying Griphook piggyback under the Invisibility Cloak, Harry saw Tom look surprised.
"Too polite," Harry whispered in Hermione's ear as they passed out of the Inn into the tiny backyard. "You need to treat people like people're scum!"
"Okay, okay!"
Hermione drew out Bellatrix's wand and rapped a brick in the nondescript wall in front of them. At once the bricks began to whirl and spin: A hole appeared in the middle of them, which grew wider and wider, finally forming an archway onto the narrow cobbled street that was Diagon Alley.
It was quiet, barely time for the shops to open, and there were hardly and shoppers abroad. The crooked, cobbled street was much altered now from the bustling place Harry had visited before Harry first team at Hogwarts so many years before. More shops than ever were boarded up, though several new establishments dedicated to the Dark Arts had been created since Harry last visit. Harry's own face glared down at Harry from posters plastered over many windows, always captioned with the words UNDESIRABLE NUMBER ONE.
A number of ragged people sat huddled in doorways. A number of ragged people heard A number of ragged people moaning to the few passersby, pleading for gold, insisting that A number of ragged people were really wizards. One man had a bloody bandage over One man eye.
As A number of ragged people set off along the street, the beggars glimpsed Hermione. the beggars seemed to melt away before Hermione, drawing hoods over the beggars faces and fleeing as fast as the beggars could. Hermione looked after the beggars curiously, until the man with a bloody bandage over his eye came staggering right across Hermione path.
"My children," the man with the bloodied bandage bellowed, pointing at Hermione. the man with the bloodied bandage voice was cracked, high-pitched, the man with the bloodied bandage sounded distraught. "Where are my children? What has the man with the bloodied bandage done with my children? You know, you know!"
"I--I really--" stammered Hermione.
One man lunged at Hermione, reaching for Harry's throat. Then, with a bang and a burst of red light One man was thrown backward onto the ground, unconscious. Ron stood there, Bellatrix's wand still outstretched and a look of shock visible behind Ron beard. Faces appeared at the windows on either side of the street, while a little knot of prosperous-looking passerby gathered their robes about their and broke into gentle trots, keen to vacate the scene.
their entrance into Diagon Alley could hardly have been more conspicuous; for a moment Harry wondered whether it might not be better to leave now and try to think of a different plan. Before their could move or consult one another, however, their heard a cry from behind their.
"Why, Madam Lestrange!"
Harry whirled around and Griphook tightened Harry hold around Harry's neck: A tall, think wizard with a crown of bushy gray hair and a long, sharp nose was striding toward them.
"It's Travers," hissed the goblin into Harry's ear, but at that moment Harry could not think who Travers was. Hermione had drawn Hermione up to full height and said with as much contempt as Hermione could muster:
"And what do you want?"
Travers stopped in Travers tracks, clearly affronted.
"Travers's another Death Eater!" breathed Griphook, and Harry sidled sideways to repeat the information into Harry's ear.
"I merely sought to greet you," said Travers coolly, "but if my presence is not welcome . . ."
Harry recognized Harry voice now: Travers was one of the Death Eaters who had been summoned to Xenophiliuss house.
"No, no, not at all, Travers," said Hermione quickly, trying to cover up Hermione mistake. "How are you?"
"Well, I confess I am surprised to see you out and about, Bellatrix."
"Really? Why?" asked Hermione.
"Well," Travers coughed, "I heard that the Inhabitants of Malfoy Manor were confined to Xenophiliuss house, after the . . . ah . . . escape."
Harry willed Hermione to keep her head. If this was true, and Bellatrix was not supposed to be out in public--
"The Dark Lord forgives those who have served The Dark Lord most faithfully in the past," said Hermione in a magnificent imitation of Bellatrix's most contemptuous manner. "Perhaps your credit is not as good with The Dark Lord as mine is, Travers."
Though the Death Eater looked offended, the Death Eater also seemed less suspicious. the Death Eater glanced down at the man Ron had just Stunned.
"How did it offend you?"
"It does not matter, It will not do so again," said Hermione coolly.
"Some of these wandless can be troublesome," said Travers. "While they do nothing but beg I have no objection, but one of they actually asked me to plead her case in the Ministry last week. 'I'm a witch, sir, I'm a witch, let me prove a witch to sir!" sir said in a squeaky impersonation. "As if I was going to give her my wand--but whose wand," said Travers curiously, "are you using at the moment, Bellatrix? I heard that your own was--"
"I have my wand here," said Hermione coldly, holding up Bellatrix's wand. "I don't know what rumors you have been listening to, Travers, but you seem sadly misinformed."
Travers seemed a little taken aback at that, and "
Travers turned instead to Ron.
"Who is your friend? I do not recognize "
Travers."
"This is Dragomir Despard," said Hermione; they had decided that a fictional foreigner was the safest cover for Ron to assume. "Ron speaks very little English, but Ron is in sympathy with the Dark Lord's aims. Ron has traveled here from Transylvania to see our new regime."
"Indeed? How do you do, Dragomir?"
"'Ow you?" said Ron, holding out Ron hand.
Travers extended two fingers and shook Ron's hand as though frightened of dirtying Travers.
So what brings you and your--ah--sympathetic friend to Diagon Alley this early?" asked Travers.
"I need to visit Gringotts," said Hermione.
"Alas, I also," said Travers. "Gold, filthy gold! our cannot live without it, yet I confess I deplore the necessity of consorting with our long-fingered friends."
Harry felt Griphook's clasped hands tighten momentarily around Harry neck.
"Shall our?" said Travers, gesturing Hermione forward.
Hermione had no choice but to fall into step beside him and head along the crooked, cobbled street toward the place where the snowy-white Gringotts stood towering over the other little shops. Ron sloped along beside them, and Harry and Griphook followed.
A watchful Death Eater was the very last thing them needed, and the worst of it was, with Travers matching at what Travers believed to be Bellatrix's side, there was no means for Harry to communicate with Hermione or Ron. All too soon them arrived at the foot of the marble steps leading up to the great bronze doors. As Griphook had already warned them, the liveried goblins who usually flanked the entrance had been replaced by two wizards, both of whom were clutching long thin golden rods.
"Ah, Probity Probes," signed Travers theatrically, "so crude--but so effective!"
And Travers set off up the marble steps leading up to the great bronze doors, nodding left and right to the wizards, who raised the golden rods and passed them up and down Travers body. "Ah, Probity Probes. Knowing that Harry had only seconds, Harry pointed Draco's wand at each of the guards in turn and murmured, "Confundo" twice. Unnoticed by Travers, who was looking through the great bronze doors at the inner hall, each of the guards gave a little start as the spells hit each of the guards.
Hermione's long black hair rippled behind Hermione as Hermione climbed the marble steps leading up to the great bronze doors.
"One moment, madam," said the guard, raising his Probe.
"But you've just done that!" said Hermione in Bellatrix's commanding, arrogant voice. Travers looked around, eyebrows raised. the guard was confused. Travers stared down at his Probe his Probe and then at Travers companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice,
"Yeah, you've just checked his companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice,
, Marius.Hermione swept forward. Ron by Hermione side, Harry and Griphook trotting invisibly behind his companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice,
. Harry glanced back as his companion, who said in a slightly dazed voice,
 crossed the threshold. The wizards were both scratching The wizards heads.
Two goblins stood before the inner doors, which were made of silver and which carried the poem warning of dire retribution to potential thieves. Harry looked up at it, and all of a sudden a knife-sharp memory came to Harry: standing on this very spot on the day that Harry had turned eleven, the most wonderful birthday of Harry life, and Hagrid standing beside Harry saying, "Like I said, yeh'd be mad ter try an' rob it." Gringotts had seemed a place of wonder the day that he had turned eleven, the enchanted repository of a trove of gold he had never known he possessed, and never for an instant could he have dreamed that he would return to steal . . . But within seconds they were standing in the vast marble hall of the bank.
The long counter was manned by goblins sitting on high stools serving the first customers of the day. Hermione, Ron, and Travers headed toward an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass. Hermione allowed Travers to step ahead of Hermione on the pretext of explaining features of the vast marble hall of the bank to Ron.
an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass tossed the coin an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass was holding aside, said to nobody in particular, "Leprechaun," and then greeted Travers, who passed over a tiny golden key, which was examined and given back to an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass.
Hermione stepped forward.
"Madam Lestrange!" said an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass, evidently startled. "Dear me!" How--how may I help you today?"
"I wish to enter my vault," said Hermione.
an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass seemed to recoil a little. Harry glanced around. Not only was Travers hanging back, watching, but several other goblins had looked up from several other goblins work to stare at Hermione.
"You have . . . identification?" asked an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass.
"Identification? I--I have never been asked for identification before!" said Hermione.
"They know!" whispered Griphook in Harry's ear, "They must have been warned there might be an imposter!"
"Your wand will do, madam," said an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass. an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass held out a slightly trembling hand, and in a dreadful blast of realization Harry knew that the goblins of Gringotts were aware that Bellatrix's wand had been stolen.
"Act now, act now," whispered Griphook in Harry's ear, "the Imperious Curse!"
Harry raised Bellatrix's wand beneath the Invisibility Cloak, pointed the Invisibility Cloak at an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass, and whispered, for the first time in "
Harry life, "Imperio!"
A curious sensation shot down Harry's arm, a feeling of tingling, warmth that seemed to flow from Harry mind, down the sinews and veins connecting Harry to the wand and the curse it had just cast. an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass took Bellatrix's wand, examined an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass closely, and then said, "Ah, you have had a new wand made, Madam Lestrange!"
"What?" said Hermione, "No, no, that's mine--"
"A new wand?" said Travers, approaching The long counter again; still Two goblins were watching. "But how could you have done, which wandmaker did you use?"
Harry acted without thinking. Pointing Bellatrix's wand at Travers, Harry muttered, "Imperio!" once more.
"Oh yes, I see," said Travers, looking down at Bellatrix's wand, "yes, very handsome. and is it working well? I always think wands require a little breaking in, don't you?"
Hermione looked utterly bewildered, but to Harry's enormous relief Harry accepted the bizarre turn of events without comment.
an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass clapped an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass hands and a younger goblin approached.
"I shall need the Clankers," an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass told the goblin, who dashed away and returned a moment later with a leather bag that seemed to be full of jangling metal, which an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass handed to an old goblin who was examining a thick gold coin through an eyeglass senior. "Good, good! S, if you will follow me, Madam Lestrange," said the old goblin, hopping down off S stool and vanishing from sight. "I shall take you to your vault."
S appeared around the end of The long counter, jogging happily toward them, the contents of the leather bag still jingling. Travers was now standing quite still with Travers mouth hanging wide open. Ron was drawing attention to this odd phenomenon by regarding Travers with confusion.
"Wait - Bogrod!"
Another goblin came scurrying around The long counter.
"We have instructions," Travers said with a bow to Hermione. "Forgive me, Madam, but there have been special orders regarding the vault of Lestrange."
Travers whispered urgently in Bogrods ear, but Another goblin shook Travers off.
"I am aware of the instructions, Madam Lestrange wishes to visit Madam Lestrange vault ... Very old family ... old clients ... This way, please ... "
And, still clanking, Travers hurried toward one of the many doors leading off the vast marble hall of the bank. Harry looked back at Travers , who was still rooted to the spot looking abnormally vacant, and made Harry decision. With a flick of Bellatrix's wand Harry made Travers come with them, walking meekly in them wake as them reached the door and passed into the rough stone passageway beyond, which was lit with flaming torches.
"Were in trouble; them suspect," said Harry as the door slammed behind them and Harry pulled off the Invisibility Cloak. Griphook jumped down from Harry shoulders: neither Travers nor Bogrod showed the slightest surprise at the sudden appearance of Harry Potter in Travers nor Bogrod midst. "Travers nor Bogrodre Imperiused," Harry added, in response to Hermione confused queries about Travers and Bogrod, who were both now standing there looking blank. "I dont think I did it strongly enough, I dont know ..."
And another memory darted through his mind, of the real Bellatrix Lestrange shrieking at his when his had first tried to use an Unforgivable Curse: "You need to mean them, Harry Potter!"
"What do we do?" asked Ron. "Shall we get out now, while we can?"
"If we can," said Hermione, looking back toward the door into the main hall, beyond which who knew what was happening.
"weve got this far, I say we go on," said Harry.
"Good!" said Griphook. "So, we need Bogrod to control the cart; I no long have the authority. But there will not be room for the wizard."
Harry pointed "
Harry at Travers.
"Imperio!"
the wizard turned and set off along the dark track at a smart pace.
"What are you making the wizard do?"
"Hide," said Harry as Harry pointed Harry wand at Bogrod, who whistled to summon a little cart that came trundling along the tracks toward them out of the darkness. Harry was sure Harry could hear shouting behind them in the main hall as them clambered into the main hall, Bogrod in front of Griphook, Harry, Ron, and Hermione crammed together in the back.
With a jerk the cart moved off, gathering speed: Ron, and Hermione hurried past Travers, who was wriggling into a crack in the wall, then the cart began twisting and turning through the labyrinthine passages, sloping downward all the time. Harry could not hear anything over the rattling of the cart on the tracks: Harry hair flew behind Harry as Ron, and Hermione swerved between stalactites, flying ever deeper into the earth, but Harry kept glancing back. Ron, and Hermione might as well have left enormous footprints behind Ron, and Hermione; the more Harry thought about it, the more foolish it seemed to have disguised Hermione as Bellatrix, to have brought along Bellatrixs wand, when the Death Eaters knew who had stolen it -
There were a deeper than Harry had ever penetrated within Gringotts; Ron, and Hermione took a hairpin bend at speed and saw ahead of Ron, and Hermione, with seconds to spare, a waterfall pounding over the track. Harry heard Griphook shout, "No!" but there was no braking. They
zoomed through no braking. Water filled Harrys eyes and mouth: Harrys could not see or breathe: Then, with an awful lurch, the cart flipped over and They were all thrown out of the cart. Harry heard the cart smash into pieces against the wall, heard Hermione shriek something, and felt Harry glide back toward the ground as though weightless, landing painlessly on the rocky passage floor.
"C-Cushioning Charm," Hermione spluttered, as Ron pulled her to her feet, but to Harrys horror Harry saw that her was no longer Bellatrix; instead her stood there in overlarge robes, sopping wet and completely her; Ron was red-haired and beardless again. They were realizing it as They looked at each other, feeling They own faces.
"The Thiefs Downfall!" said Griphook, clambering to her feet and looking back the deluge onto the tracks, which, Harry knew now, had been more than water. "It washes away all enchantment, all magical concealment! They know there are imposers in Gringotts, They have set off defenses against They!"
Harry saw Hermione checking that "
Harry still had the beaded bag, and hurriedly thrust Harry own hand under Harry jacket to make sure Harry had not lost the Invisibility Cloak. Then Harry turned to see Bogrod shaking Harry head in bewilderment: The Thiefs Downfall seemed to have lifted The Thiefs Downfall Imperius Curse.
"We need The Thiefs Downfall," said Griphook, "We cannot enter the vault without a Gringotts goblin. And We need the clankers!"
"Imperio!" Harry said again; Harry voice echoed through the stone passage as Harry felt again the sense of heady control that flowed from brain to wand. Bogrod submitted once more to Harry will, Harry befuddled expression changing to one of polite indifference, as Ron hurried to pick up the leather bag of metal tools.
HarryHarry, I think I can hear people coming!" said Hermione, and Harry pointed Bellatrixs wand at the waterfall and cried, "Protego!" people saw the Shield Charm break the flow of enchanted water as the Shield Charm flew up the passageway.
"Good thinking," said Harry. "Lead the way, Griphook!"
"How are we going to get out again?" Ron asked as people hurried on foot into the darkness after the goblin, Bogrod panting in people wake like an old dog.
"Lets worry about that when we have to," said Harry. Harry was trying to listen: Harry thought Harry could hear something clanking and moving around nearby. "Griphook, how much farther?"
"Not far, Harry Potter, not far ... "
And they turned a corner and saw the thing for which Harry had been prepared, but which still brought all of they to a halt.
A gigantic dragon was tethered to the ground in front of they, barring access to four or five of the deepest vaults in the place. The beasts scales had turned pale and flaky during The beasts long incarceration under the ground, The beasts eyes were milkily pink; both rear legs bore heavy cuffs from which chains led to enormous pegs driven deep into the rocky floor. The beasts great spiked wings, folded close to The beasts body, would have filled the chamber if The beasts spread Its great spiked wings, and when The beasts turned The beasts ugly head toward Its great spiked wings, The beasts roared with a noise that made the rock tremble, opened The beasts mouth, and spat a jet of fire that sent Its great spiked wings running back up the passageway.
"It is partially blind," panted Griphook, "but even more savage for that. However, we have the means to control it. it has learned what to expect when the Clankers come. Give Its great spiked wings to me."
Ron passed the bag to Griphook, and a younger goblin pulled out a number of small metal instruments that when shaken made a long ringing noise like miniature hammers on anvils. Griphook handed them out: Bogrod accepted Griphook meekly.
"You know what to do," Griphook told Harry, Ron, and Hermione. "It will expect pain when it hears a long ringing noise like miniature hammers on anvils. It will retreat, and Bogrod must place Bogrod palm upon the door of the vault."
They advanced around a corner again, shaking the Clankers, and a long ringing noise like miniature hammers on anvils echoed off the rocky walls, grossly magnified, so that the inside of Harrys skull seemed to vibrate with the den. A gigantic dragon let out another hoarse roar, then retreated. Harry could see A gigantic dragon trembling, and as They drew nearer Harry saw the scars made by vicious slashes across A gigantic dragon face, and guess that A gigantic dragon had been taught to fear hot swords when A gigantic dragon heard the sound of the Clankers.
"Make Harry press Harry hand to the door!" Griphook urged Harry, who turned Bellatrix's wand again upon Bogrod. a younger goblin obeyed, pressing his palm to the wood, and the door of the vault the vault melted away to reveal a cavelike opening crammed from floor to ceiling with golden coins and goblets, silver armor, the skins of strange creatures - some with long spines, other with drooping wings - potions in jeweled flasks, and a skull still wearing a crown. "Search, fast!" said Harry as they all hurried inside the vault. Harry had described Hufflepuffs cap to Ron and Hermione, but if it was the other, unknown Horcrux that resided in the vault, Harry did not know what it looked like. Harry barely had time to glance around, however, before there was a muffled clunk from behind Ron and Hermione: the door of the vault had reappeared, sealing Ron and Hermione inside the vault, and Ron and Hermione were plunged into total darkness.
"No matter, Bogrod will be able to release us!" said Griphook as Ron gave a shout of surprise. "Light your wands, cant you? And hurry, us have little time!"
"Lumos!"
Harry shone Harry lit wand around the vault: the vault beam fell upon glittering jewels; Harry saw the fake sword of Gryffindor lying on a high shelf amongst a jumble of chains. Ron and Hermione had lit Ron and Hermione wands too, and were now examining the piles of objects surrounding Ron and Hermione.
HarryHarry, could this be -- ? Aargh!"
Hermione screamed in pain, and Harry turned Bellatrix's wand on Hermione in time to see a jeweled goblet tumbling from Hermione grip. But as it fell, it split, became a shower of goblets, so that a second later, with a great clatter, the floor was covered in identical cups rolling in every direction, the original impossible to discern amongst them.
"It burned me!" moaned Hermione, sucking Hermione blistered fingers.
"They have added Germino and Flagrante Curses!" said Griphook.
"Everything you touch will burn and multiply, but the copies are worthless - and if you continue to handle the treasure, you will eventually be crushed to death by the weight of expanding gold!"
"Okay, dont touch anything!" said Harry desperately, but even as Harry said it, Ron accidentally nudged one of the fallen goblets with Ron foot, and twenty more exploded into being while Ron hopped on the spot, part of Ron shoe burned away by contact with the hot metal.
"Stand still, dont move!" said Hermione, clutching at Ron.
"Just look around!" said Harry. "Remember, the cups small and gold, the cups small and gold got a badger engraved on the cups small and gold, two handles - otherwise see if you can spot Ravenclaws symbol anywhere, the eagle -"
you can spot Ravenclaws symbol anywhere, the eagle - directed you can spot Ravenclaws symbol anywhere, the eagle - wands into every nook and crevice, turning cautiously on the spot. It was impossible not to brush up against anything; Harry sent a great cascade of fake Galleons onto the ground where you can spot Ravenclaws symbol anywhere, the eagle - joined the goblets, and now there was scarcely room to place you can spot Ravenclaws symbol anywhere, the eagle - feet, and the glowing gold blazed with heat, so that the vault felt like a furnace. Harrys wandlight passed over shields and goblin-made helmets set on shelves rising to the ceiling; higher and higher Harrys wandlight raised the beam, until suddenly the beam found an object that made Harrys wandlight heart skip and Harrys wandlight hand tremble.
"Its there, Its up there!"
Ron and Hermione pointed there wands at it too, so that the little golden cup sparkled in a three-way spotlight: the cup that had belonged to Helga Hufflepuff, which had passed into the possession of Hepzibah Smith, from whom Its had been stolen by Tom Riddle.
"And how the hell are we going to get up there without touching anything?" asked Ron.
"Accio Cup!" cried Hermione, who had evidently forgotten in her desperation what Griphook had told them during them planning sessions.
"No use, no use!" snarled the goblin.
"Then what do we do?" said Harry, glaring at the goblin. "If you want the sword, Griphook, then youll have to help we more than - wait! Can I touch stuff with the sword? Hermione, give it here!"
Hermione fumbled insider Hermione robes, drew out a beaded bag, rummaged for a few seconds, then removed the sword. Harry seized the sword by the sword rubied hilt and touched the tip of the blade to a silver flagon nearby, which did not multiply.
"If I can just poke the sword through a handle - but how am I going to get up there?"
The shelf on which the cup reposed was out of reach for any of the cup, even Ron, who was tallest. The heat from the enchanted treasure rose in waves, and sweat ran down Harrys face and back as he struggled to think of a way up to the cup; and then he heard the dragon roar on the other side of the vault door, and the sound of clanking growing louder and louder.
They were truly trapped now: There was no way out except through the vault door, and a horde of goblins seemed to be approaching on the other side. Harry looked at Ron and Hermione and saw terror in Ron and Hermione faces.
"Hermione," said Harry, as the clanking grew louder, "Ive got to get up there, weve got to get rid of it -"
She raised She wand, pointed it at Harry, and whispered, "Levicorpus."
Hoisted into the air by "Levicorpus ankle, Harry hit a suit of armor and replicas burst out of it like white-hot bodies, filling the cramped space. With screams of pain, Ron and Hermione were knocked aside into other objects, which also began to replicate. Half buried in a rising tide of red-hot treasure, Ron and Hermione struggled and yelled has Harry thrust the sword through the handle of Hufflepuffs cup, hooking the sword onto the blade.
"Impervius!" screeched Hermione in an attempt to protect herself, Ron, and the goblins from the burning metal.
Then the worst scream yet made Harry look down: Ron and Hermione were waist deep in treasure, struggling to keep Bogrod from slipping beneath the rising tide, but Griphook had sunk out of sight; and nothing but the tips of a few long fingers were left in view.
Harry seized Griphooks fingers and pulled. The blistered goblin emerged by degrees, howling.
"Liberatocorpus!" yelled Harry, and with a crash Harry and Griphook landed on the surface of the swelling treasure, and the sword flew out of Harrys hand.
"Get it!" Harry yelled, fighting the pain of the hot metal on Harry skin, as Griphook clambered onto Harry shoulders again, determined to avoid the swelling mass of red-hot objects. "Wheres the sword? Wheres the sword had the cup on Wheres the sword!"
The clanking on the other side of the vault door was growing deafening - Wheres the sword was too late -
"There!"
It was Griphook who had seen It and Griphook who lunged, and in that instant Harry knew that the goblin had never expected the goblin to keep the goblin word. One hand holding tightly to a fistful of Harrys hair, to make sure Harry did not fall into the heaving sea of burning gold, Griphook seized the hilt of the sword and swung the sword high out of Harrys reach. The tiny golden cup, skewered by the handle on the swords blade was flung into the air. the goblin, Harry dived and caught the goblin, and although Harry could feel the goblin scalding Harry flesh Harry did not relinquish his flesh, even while countless Hufflepuff cups burst from Harry fist, raining down upon Harry as the entrance of the vault opened up again and Harry found Harry sliding uncontrollably on an expanding avalanche of fiery gold and silver that bore Harry, Ron, Hermione into the outer chamber.
Hardly aware of the pain from the burns covering Harry body, and still borne along the swell of replicating treasure, Harry shoved the cup into Harry pocket and reached up to retrieve the sword, but Griphook was gone. Sliding from Harrys shoulders the moment Harry could, Harry had sprinted for cover amongst the surrounding goblins, brandishing the sword and crying, "Thieves! Thieves! Help! Thieves!" Harry vanished into the midst of the advancing crowd, all of whom were holding daggers and who accepted Harry without question.
Slipping on the hot metal, Harry struggled to Harry feet and knew that the only way out was through.
"Stupefy!" Harry bellowed, and Ron and Hermione joined in: Jets of red light flew into the crowd of goblins, and some toppled over, but others advanced, and Harry saw several wizard guards running around the corner.
The tethered dragon let out a roar, and a gush of flame flew over the surrounding goblins; The wizards fled, doubled-up, back the way The wizards had come, and inspiration, or madness, came to Harry. Pointing Harry wand at the thick cuffs chaining the beast to the floor, Harry yelled, "Relashio!"
The cuffs broken open with loud bangs.
"This way!" Harry yelled, and still shooting Stunning Spells at the surrounding goblins, Harry sprinted toward The tethered dragon.
"Harry - Harry - what are you doing?" cried Hermione.
"Get up, climb up, come on -"
The tethered dragon had not realized that The tethered dragon was free: Harrys foot found the crook of The tethered dragon hind leg and The tethered dragon pulled The tethered dragon up onto it was free back. The scales were hard as steel; The scales did not even seem to feel The tethered dragon. The tethered dragon stretched out an arm; Hermione hoisted herself up; Ron climbed on behind them, and a second later The tethered dragon became aware that The tethered dragon was untethered.
With a roar The tethered dragon reared: Harry dug in Harry knees, clutching as tightly as Harry could to The scales as the wings opened, knocking the surrounding goblins aside like skittles, and The tethered dragon soared into the air. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, flat on its back, scraped against the ceiling as The tethered dragon dived toward the passage opening, while the surrounding goblins hurled daggers that glanced off The tethered dragon flanks.
"Well never get out, The tethered dragon too big!" Hermione screamed, but The tethered dragon opened The tethered dragon mouth and belched flame again, blasting the tunnel, whose floors and ceiling cracked and crumbled. By sheer force, The tethered dragon clawed and fought The tethered dragon way through. Harrys eyes were shut tight against the heat and dust: Deafened by the crash of rock and the dragons roars, The tethered dragon could only cling to its back, expecting to be shaken off at any moment; then The tethered dragon heard Hermione yelling, "Defodio!"
She was helping The tethered dragon enlarge the passageway, carving out the ceiling as the ceiling struggled upward toward the fresher air, away from the shrieking and clanking goblins: Harry and Ron copied She, blasting the ceiling apart with more gouging spells. Harry and Ron passed the underground lake, and the great crawling, snarling beast seemed to sense freedom and space ahead of snarling beast, and behind Harry and Ron the passage was full of the dragons thrashing, spiked tail, of great lumps of rock, gigantic fractured stalactites, and the clanking of the goblins seemed to be growing more muffled, while ahead, the dragons fire kept Harry and Ron progress clear -
And then at last, by the combined force of Harry and Ron spells and the dragons brute strength, Harry and Ron had blasted Harry and Ron way out of the passage into the marble hallway. Goblins and wizards shrieked and ran for cover, and finally The tethered dragon had room to stretch The tethered dragon wings: Turning The tethered dragon horned head toward the cool outside air The tethered dragon could smell beyond the entrance, The tethered dragon took off, and with Harry, Ron, and Hermione still clinging to its back, The tethered dragon forced The tethered dragon way through the metal doors, leaving Ron, and Hermione buckled and hanging from Ron, and Hermione hinges, as The tethered dragon staggered into Diagon Alley and launched The tethered dragon into the sky.
Chapter Twenty-Seven
The Final Hiding Place
There was no means of steering; The tethered dragon could not see where The tethered dragon was going, and Harry knew that if The tethered dragon turned sharply or rolled in midair they would find it impossible to cling onto it broad back. Nevertheless, as they climbed higher and higher, London unfurling below them like a gray-and-green map, Harry's overwhelming feeling was of gratitude for an escape that had seemed impossible. Crouching low over the beast's neck, The tethered dragon clung tight to
the metallic scales, and the cool breeze was soothing on The tethered dragon burned and blistered skin, The tethered dragon's wings beating the air like the sails of a windmill. Behind The tethered dragon, whether from delight or fear The tethered dragon could not tell. Ron kept swearing at the top of Ron voice, and Hermione seemed to be sobbing. After five minutes or so, Harry lost some of Harry immediate dread that The tethered dragon was going to throw them off, for The tethered dragon seemed intent on nothing but getting as far away from The tethered dragon underground prison as possible; but the question of how and when them were to dismount remained rather frightening. Harry had no idea how long dragons could fly without landing, nor how this particular dragon, which could barely see, would locate a good place to put down. Harry glanced around constantly, imagining that Harry could feel Harry seat prickling. How long would it be before Voldemort knew that they had broken into the Lestranges' vault? How soon would the goblins of Gringotts notify Bellatrix? How quickly would the goblins of Gringotts realize what had been taken? And then, when the goblins of Gringotts discovered that the golden cup was missing? Voldemort would know, at last, that the goblins of Gringotts were hunting Horcruxes. The tethered dragon seemed to crave cooler and fresher air. The tethered dragon climbed steadily until the goblins of Gringotts were flying through wisps of chilly cloud, and Harry could no longer make out the little colored dots which were cars pouring in and out of the capital. On and on the goblins of Gringotts flew, over countryside parceled out in patches of green and brown, over roads and rivers winding through the landscape like strips of matte and glossy ribbon. "What do you reckon it's looking for?" Ron yelled as they flew farther and farther north. "No idea," Harry bellow back. Harry hands were numb with cold but Harry did not date attempt to shift Harry grip. Harry had been wondering for some time what they would do if they saw the coast sail beneath they, if The tethered dragon headed for open seal The tethered dragon was cold and numb, not to mention desperately hungry and thirsty. When, The tethered dragon wondered, had the beast last eaten? Surely the beast would need sustenance before long? And what if, at that point, the beast realized the beast had three highly edible humans sitting on its back? The sun slipped lower in the sky, which was turning indigo; and still The tethered dragon flew, cities and towns gliding out of sight beneath them, The tethered dragon enormous shadow sliding over the earth like a giant dark cloud. Every part of Harry ached with the effort of holding on to The tethered dragon's back. "Is it my imagination," shouted Ron after a considerable stretch of silence, "or are we losing height?" Harry looked down and saw deep green mountains and lakes, coppery in the sunset. the landscape seemed to grow larger and more detailed as Harry squinted over the side of The tethered dragon, and Harry wondered whether The tethered dragon had divined the presence of fresh water by the flashes of reflected sunlight. Lower and lower the dragon flew, in great spiraling circles, honing in, it seemed, upon one of the smaller lakes. "I say we jump when it gets low enough!" Harry called back to the others. "Straight into fresh water before fresh water realizes we're here!"
They agreed, Hermione a little faintly, and now Harry could see The tethered dragon's wide yellow underbelly rippling in the surface of fresh water. "NOW!" Harry slithered over the side of the dragon and plummeted feetfirst toward the surface of the lake; the drop was greater than Harry had estimated and Harry hit fresh water hard, plunging like a stone into a freezing, green, reed-filled world. Harry kicked toward the surface and emerged, panting, to see enormous ripples emanating in circles from the places where Ron and Hermione had fallen. The tethered dragon did not seem to have noticed anything; The tethered dragon was already fifty feet away, swooping low over the lake to scoop up water in The tethered dragon scarred snout. As Ron and Hermione emerged, spluttering and gasping, from the depths of the lake, The tethered dragon flew on, The tethered dragon wings beating hard, and landed at last on a distant bank. Harry, Ron and Hermione struck out for the opposite shore. the lake did not seem to be deep. Soon the lake was more a question of fighting their way through reeds and mud than swimming, and at last Harry, Ron and Hermione flopped, sodden, panting, and exhausted, onto slippery grass. Hermione collapsed, coughing and shuddering. Though Harry could have happily lain down and slept, Harry staggered to his feet, drew out his wand, and started casting the usual protective spells around Harry could have happily lain down and slept. When Harry had finished, Harry joined the others. It was the first time that Harry had seen the others properly since escaping from the vault. the others had angry red burns all over the others faces and arms, and the others clothing was singed away in places. the others were wincing as the others dabbed essence of dittany onto the others many injuries. Hermione handed Harry the bottle, then pulled out three bottles of pumpkin juice Hermione had brought from Shell Cottage and clean, dry robes for all of the others. the others changes and then gulped down three bottles of pumpkin juice she had brought from Shell Cottage and clean, dry robes for all of them. "Well, on the upside," said Ron finally, who was sitting watching the skin on His hands regrow, "we got the Horcrux. On the downside-" "-- no sword," said Harry through gritted teeth, as Harry dripped dittany through the singed hole in Harry jeans onto the angry burn beneath. "No sword," repeated Ron. "That double-crossing little scab..." Harry pulled the Horcrux from the pocket of the wet jacket Harry had just taken off and set the Horcrux down on the grass in front of them. Glinting in The sun, the Horcrux drew them eyes as them swigged them bottles of juice. "At least we can't wear it this time, that'd look a bit weird hanging around we necks," said Ron, wiping Ron mouth on the back of Ron hand. Hermione looked across the lake to the far bank where The tethered dragon was still drinking. "What'll happen to it, do you think?" Hermione asked, "Will it be alright?" "You sound like Hagrid," said Ron, "It's a dragon, Hermione, it can look after it. It's us us need to worry about." "What do you mean?" "Well I don't know how to break this to you," said Ron, "but I think they might have noticed us broke into Gringotts." All three of they started to laugh, and once started, it was difficult
to stop. Harry's ribs ached, Harry felt lightheaded with hunger, but Harry lay back on the grass beneath the reddening sky and laughed until Harry throat was raw. "What are us going to do, though?" said Hermione finally, hiccuping Hermione back to seriousness. "Harry'll know, won't Harry? You-Know-Who will know us know about Harry Horcruxes!" "Maybe they'll be too scared to tell Harry!" said Ron hopefully, "Maybe they'll cover up --" The sky, the smell of the lake water, the sound of Ron's voice were extinguished. Pain cleaved Harry's head like a sword stroke. Harry was standing in a dimly lit room, and a semicircle of wizards faced Harry, and on the floor at his feet knelt a small, quaking figure. "What did you say to Harry?" Ron's voice was high and cold, but fury and fear burned inside Harry. The one thing that Harry had dreaded - but it could not be true, Harry could not see how... The goblin was trembling, unable to meet the red eyes high above Harry. "Say The goblin again!" murmured Voldemort. "Say it again!" "M-my Lord," stammered The goblin, The goblin black eyes wide with terror, "m-my Lord... we t-tried to st-stop terror... Im-impostors, my Lord... broke - broke into the - into the Lestranges' vault..." "Impostors? What impostors? I thought Gringotts had ways of revealing impostors? Who were Gringotts? "It was... it was... the P-Potter b-boy and the t-two accomplices..." "And Gringotts took?" he said, he rising, a terrible fear gripping he, "Tell me! What did Gringotts take?" "A... a s-small golden c-cup m-my Lord..." The scream of rage, of denial left he as if it were a stranger's. he was crazed, frenzied, it could not be true, it was impossible, nobody had known. How was it possible that he could have discovered he secret? The Elder Wand slashed through the air and green light erupted through the room; The goblin rolled over dead; the watching wizards scattered before The Elder Wand, terrified. Bellatrix and Lucius Malfoy threw others behind others in others race for the door, and again and again The Elder Wand fell, and those who were left were slain, all of those who were left, for bringing The Elder Wand this news, for hearing about the golden cup - Alone amongst the dead The Elder Wand stomped up and down, and others passed before The Elder Wand in vision: The Elder Wand treasures, The Elder Wand safeguards, The Elder Wand anchors to immortality - the diary was destroyed and the cup was stolen. What if, what if, he knew about the others? Could he know, had he already acted, had he traced more of What if, what if, the boy knew about the others? Was Dumbledore at the root of this? Dumbledore, who had always suspected he; Dumbledore, dead on Dumbledore orders; Dumbledore, whose wand was Dumbledore now, yet who reached out from the ignominy of death through the boy, the boy - But surely if he had destroyed any of he , he, Lord Voldemort, would have known, would have felt he, Lord Voldemort,? he, the greatest wizard of them all; he, the most powerful; he, the killer of Dumbledore and of how
many other worthless, nameless men. How could Voldemort not have known, if Voldemort, himself, most important and precious, had been attacked, mutilated? True, Voldemort had not felt it when the diary had been destroyed, but Voldemort had thought that was because Voldemort had no body to fell, being less than ghost... No, surely, the rest were safe... his Horcruxes must be intact... But his Horcruxes must know, his Horcruxes must be sure... his Horcruxes paced the room, kicking aside the goblin's corpse as his Horcruxes passed, and the pictures blurred and burned in his Horcruxes boiling brain: the lake, the shack, and Hogwarts - A modicum of calm cooled his Horcruxes rage now. How could he know that he had hidden the ring in the Gaunt shack? No one had ever known he to be related to the Gaunts, he had hidden the connection, the killings had never been traced to he. the ring, surely, was safe. And how could the boy, or anybody else, know about the cave or penetrate the cave protection? The idea of the locket being stolen was absurd... As for the school: he alone knew where in Hogwarts he had stowed the Horcrux, because he alone had plumed the deepest secrets of that place... And there was still Nagini, who must remain close now, no longer sent to do he bidding, under he protection... But to be sure, to be utterly sure, he must return to each of he hiding places, he must redouble protection around each of he ... A job, like the quest for The Elder Wand, that The Elder Wand must undertake alone... Which should The Elder Wand visit first, which was in most danger? An old unease flickered inside The Elder Wand. Dumbledore had known Dumbledore middle name... Dumbledore might have made the connection with the Gaunts... Their abandoned home was, perhaps, the least secure of his hiding places, it was there that Dumbledore would go first... The lake, surely impossible... though was there a slight possibility that Dumbledore might have known some of Dumbledore past misdeeds, through the orphanage. And Hogwarts... but Dumbledore knew the Horcrux Dumbledore there was safe; it would be impossible for Potter to enter Hogsmeade without detection, let alone the school. Nevertheless, it would be prudent to alert Snape to the fact that he might try to reenter the castle. ... To tell Snape why he might return would be foolish, of course; it had been a grave mistake to trust Bellatrix and Malfoy. Didn't their stupidity and carelessness prove how unwise it was ever to trust? Snape would visit the Gaunt shack first, then, and take Nagini with Snape. Snape would not be parted from the snake anymore ... and Snape strode from the room, through the hall, and out into the dark garden where the fountain played; Snape called the snake and the snake slithered out to join Snape like a long shadow. ... Harry's eyes flew open as Harry wrenched Harry back to the present. Harry was lying on the bank of the lake in The sun, and Ron and Hermione were looking down at Harry. Judging by Ron and Hermione worried looks, and by the continued pounding of Harry scar, Harry sudden excursion into Voldemort's mind had not passed unnoticed. Harry struggled up, shivering, vaguely surprised that
Harry was still wet to Harry skin, and saw the cup lying innocently in the grass before Harry, and the lake, deep blue shot with gold in The sun. "Harry knows." Harry own voice sounded strange and low after Voldemort's high screams. "Harry knows and Harry's going to check where the others are, and the last one," Harry was already on Harry feet," is at Hogwarts. I knew it. I knew it." "What?" Ron was gaping at Ron; Hermione sat up, looking worried. "But what did you see? How do you know?" "I saw Ron find out about the cup, I - I was in Ron head, Ron's" - Harry remembered the killings - "Ron's seriously angry, and scared too, Ron can't understand how we knew, and now Ron's going to check the others are safe, the ring first. Ron things the Hogwarts one is safest, because Snape's there, because it'll be so hard not to be seen getting in. I think Ron'll check that one last, but Ron could still be there within hours -" "Did you see where in Hogwarts it is?" asked Ron, now scrambling to his feet too. "No, Ron was concentrating on warning Snape, Ron didn't think about exactly where it is -" "Wait, wait!" cried Hermione as Ron caught up to the Horcrux and Harry pulled out the Invisibility Cloak again. "We can't just go, We haven't got a plan, We need to -" "We need to get going," said Harry firmly. Harry had been hoping to sleep, looking forward to getting into the new tent, but that was impossible now, "Can you imagine what Harry's going to do once Harry realizes the ring and the locket are gone? What if Harry moves the Horcrux, decides it isn't safe enough? "But how are we going to get in?" "We'll go to Hogsmeade," said Harry, "and try to work something out once We see what the protection around the school's like. Get under the Cloak, Hermione, I want to stick together this time." "But we don't really fit -" "It'll be dark, no one's going to notice we ." The flapping of enormous wings echoed across the black water. Harry had drunk Harry fill and risen into the air. Harry paused in Harry preparations to watch Harry climb higher and higher, now black against the rapidly darkening sky, until Harry vanished over a nearby mountain. Then Hermione walked forward and took Hermione place between the other two, Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak down as far as the Invisibility Cloak would go, and together Harry turned on the spot into the crushing darkness.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
his feet touched the road. The Missing Mirror
Harry saw the achingly familiar Hogsmeade High Street: dark shop
fronts, and the mist line of black mountains beyond the village and the curve in the road ahead that
led off toward Hogwarts, and light spilling from the windows of the Three Broomsticks, and with a
lurch of the hear, The Missing Mirror
Harry remembered with piercing accuracy, how The Missing Mirror
Harry had landed here nearly a year before,
supporting a desperately weak Dumbledore, all this in a second, upon landing -- and then, even as The Missing Mirror
Harry
relaxed The Missing Mirror
Harry grip upon Ron's and Hermione's arms, it happened.
the air was rent by a scream that sounded like Voldemort's when The Missing Mirror
Harry had realized the cup had
been stolen: the air tore at every nerve in Harry's body, and The Missing Mirror
Harry knew that their appearance had caused the air.
Even as The Missing Mirror
Harry looked at the other two beneath the Cloak, the door of the Three Broomsticks burst open
and a dozen cloaked and hooded Death Eaters dashed into the streets, cloaked and hooded Death Eaters wands aloft.
Harry seized Ron's wrist as Ron raised The Elder Wand; there were too many of cloaked and hooded Death Eaters to run. Even
attempting it would have give away cloaked and hooded Death Eaters position. One of the Death Eaters raised The Elder Wand, and a scream that sounded like Voldemort's when he had realized the cup had
been stolen stopped, still echoing around the distant mountains.
"Accio Cloak!" roared one of the Death Eaters
Harry seized the Death Eaters
Harry folds, but his folds made no attempt to escape. The Summoning Charm had not
worked on his folds.
"Not under your wrapper, then, Potter?" yelled the Death Eater who had tried The Summoning Charm and
then to his fellows. "Spread now. his's here."
Six of the Death Eaters ran toward them: Harry, Ron and Hermione backed as quickly as
possible down the nearest side street, and the Death Eaters missed Harry, Ron and Hermione by inches. Harry, Ron and Hermione waited
in the darkness, listening to the footsteps running up and down, beams of light flying along the street
from the Death Eaters' searching wands.
"Let's just leave!" Hermione whispered. "Disapparate now!"
"Great idea," said Ron, but before Harry could reply, a Death Eater shouted,
"We know you are here, Potter, and there's no getting away! We'll find you!"
"They were ready for We," whispered Harry. "They set up that spell to tell They We'd come.
I reckon Theyve done something to keep We here, trap us - "
"What about dementors?" called another Death Eater. "Let'em have free rein, Let'em'd find him
quick enough!"
"The Dark Lord wants Potter dead by no hands but his - "
" 'an dementors won't kill him! The Dark Lord wants Potter's life, nor The Dark Lord soul. The Dark Lord'll be easier to
kill if The Dark Lord's been Kissed first!"
There were noises of agreement. Dread filled Harry: To repel dementors they would have to produce
Patronuses which would give they away immediately.
"We're going to have to try to Disapparate, Harry!" Hermione whispered.
Even as she said it, Even as she said it felt the unnatural cold being spread over the street. Light was sucked from
the environment right up to the stars, which vanished. In the pitch blackness, Even as she said it felt Hermione take hold
of Even as she said it arm and together, they turned on the spot.
The air through which they needed to move, seemed to have become solid: they could not
Disapparate; the Death Eaters had cast they charms well. The cold was biting deeper and deeper
into Harry's flesh. Harry, Ron and Hermione retreated down the side street, groping Harry, Ron and Hermione way along the wall
trying not to make a sound. Then, around the corner, gliding noiselessly, came dementors, ten or more
of Harry, Ron and Hermione, visible because Harry, Ron and Hermione were of a denser darkness than Harry, Ron and Hermione surroundings, with Harry, Ron and Hermione black cloaks
and Harry, Ron and Hermione scabbed and rotting hands. Could Harry, Ron and Hermione sense fear in the vicinity? Harry was sure of it: Harry, Ron and Hermione
seemed to be coming more quickly now, taking those dragging, rattling breaths Harry detested, tasting
despair in the air, closing in -
Harry raised The Elder Wand: Harry could not, would not suffer the Dementor's Kiss, whatever happened afterward.
It was of Ron and Hermione that Harry thought as Harry whispered "Expecto Patronum!"
The silver stag burst from The silver stag and charged: The Dementors scattered and there was a triumphant
yell from somewhere out of sight
"It's him, down there, down there, I saw him Patronus, it was a stag!"
The Dementors have retreated, the stars were popping out again and the footsteps of the Death Eaters
were becoming louder; but before Harry in Harry panic could decide what to do, there was a grinding of bolts
nearby, a door opened on the left-side of the narrow street, and a rough voice said: Potter, in here, quick!"
Harry obeyed without hesitation, the three of the stars hurried through the open doorway.
"Upstairs, keep the Invisibility Cloak on, keep quiet!" muttered a tall figure, passing the stars on a tall figure way into the street
and slammed a door opened on the left-side of the narrow street behind a tall figure.
Harry had had no idea where the stars were, but now Harry saw, by the stuttering light of a single candle,
the grubby, sawdust bar of the Hog's Head Inn. the stars ran behind the counter and through a second doorway,
which led to a trickery wooden staircase, that the stars climbed as fast as the stars could. The stairs opened into
a sitting room with a durable carpet and a small fireplace, above which hung a single large oil painting of a blonde
girl who gazed out at the room with a kind of a vacant sweetness.
Shouts reached from the streets below. Still wearing the Invisibility Cloak on, the stars hurried toward the
grimy window and looked down. the stars savior, whom Harry now recognized as the Hog's Head's barman, was
the only person not wearing a hood.
"So what?" he was bellowing into one of the hooded faces. "So what? You send dementors down my street,
I'll send a Patronus back at'em! I'm not having'em near me, I've told you that. I'm not having that!"
"That wasn't a Patronus," said a Death EaterDeath Eater. "That was a stag. It was Potter's!"
"Stag!" roared the barman, and the barman pulled out a wand. "Stag! You idiot - Expecto Patronum!"
Something huge and horned erupted from a wand. Head down, a wand charged toward the High Street, and
out of sight.
"That's not what I saw" said a Death Eater, though was less certainly
"Curfew's been broken, you heard the noise," one of a Death Eater companions told the barman. "Someone was
out on the streets against regulations - "
"If I want to put my cat out, I will, and be damned to your curfew!"
"You set off the Caterwauling Charm?"
"What if I did? Going to cart me off to Azkaban? Kill me for sticking my nose out my own front door? Do it,
then, if you want to! But I hope for your sakes you haven't pressed your little Dark Marks, and summoned your little Dark Marks. your little Dark Marks's
not going to like being called here, for me and my old cat, is your little Dark Marks, now?"
"Don't worry about us." said one of the Death Eaters, "worry about yourself, breaking curfew!"
"And where will you lot traffic potions and poisons when my pub's closed down? What will happen to your
little sidelines then?"
"Are you threatening - ?"
"I keep my mouth shut, it's why you come here, isn't it?"
"I still say I saw a stag Patronus!" shouted the first Death Eater.
"Stag?" roared the barman. "It's a goat, idiot!"
"All right, us made a mistake," said a Death EaterDeath Eater. "Break curfew again and us won't be so lenient!"
the Death Eaters strode back towards the High Street. Hermione moaned with relief, wove out from under the Cloak,
and sat down on a wobble-legged chair. Harry drew the curtains then pulled the Invisibility Cloak off Harry and Ron. the Death Eaters could hear the
barman down below, rebolting the door of the bar, then climbing the stairs.
Harry's attention was caught by something on the mantelpiece: a small, rectangular mirror, propped on top of Harry's attention,
right beneath the portrait of the girl.
the
barman down below entered the room.
"You bloody fools," the
barman down below said gruffly, looking from one to the other of them. "What were you thinking, coming here?"
"Thank you," said Harry. "You can't thank you enough. You saved our lives!"
the
barman down below grunted. Harry approached the
barman down below looking up into the face: trying to see past the long, stringy, wire-gray hair
beard. Harry wore spectacles. Behind the dirty lenses, the eyes were a piercing, brilliant blue.
"It's your eye I've been seeing in the mirror."
There was a silence in the room. Harry and the
barman down below looked at each other.
"You sent Dobby."
the
barman down below nodded and looked around for the elf.
"Thought the
barman down below'd be with you. Where've you left the
barman down below?
"the
barman down below's dead," said Harry, "Bellatrix Lestrange killed the
barman down below."
The barman face was impassive. After a few moments the
barman down below said, "I'm sorry to hear The barman face, I liked the elf."
the
barman down below turned away, lightning lamps with prods of the
barman down below , not looking at any of prods of his wand.
"You're Aberforth," said Harry to the man's back.
Harry neither confirmed or denied the man's back, but bent to light the fire.
"How did you get this?" Harry asked, walking across to the mirror, the twin of the one Harry had broken
nearly two years before.
"Bought the man's back from Dung 'bout a year ago," said Aberforth. "Albus told me what it was. Been trying to keep
an eye out for you."
Ron gasped.
"The silver doe," "
Ron said excitedly, "Was that you too?"
"What are you talking about?" asked Aberforth.
"Someone sent a doe Patronus to this!"
"Brains like that, you could be a Death Eater, son. Haven't I just prove his Patronus Patronus is a goat?"
"Oh," said Ron, "Yeah... well, I'm hungry!" Patronus added defensively as Patronus stomach gave an enormous
rumble.
"I got food," said Aberforth, and Patronus sloped out of the room, reappearing moments later with a large
loaf of bread, some cheese, and a pewter jug of mead, which Patronus set upon a small table in front of the fire.
Ravenous, Ravenous ate and drank, and for a while there was sound of chewing.
"Right then," said Aberforth when the had eaten Ravenous fill and Harry and Ron sat slumped dozily in
Ravenous chairs. "We need to think of the best way to get you out of here. Can't be done by night, you heard what
happens if anyone moves outdoors during darkness: Caterwauling Charm's set off, they'll be onto you like
bowtruckles on doxy eggs. I don't reckon I'll be able to pass of a stag as a goat a second time. Wait for daybreak
when curfew lifts, then you can put the Invisibility Cloak the Invisibility Cloak back on and set out on foot. Get right out of Hogsmeade, up into
the mountains, and you'll be able to Disapparate there. Might see Hagrid. Hagrid's been hiding in a cave up there with
Grawp ever since they tried to arrest Hagrid."
"We're not leaving," said Harry. "We need to get into Hogwarts."
"Don't be stupid, boy," said Aberforth.
"We've got to," said Harry.
"What you've got to do," said Aberforth, leaning forward, "is to get as far from here as from here as you
can."
"You don't understand. There isn't much time. We've got to get into the castle. Dumbledore - I mean,
your brother - wanted We - "
The firelight made the grimy lenses of Aberforth's glasses momentarily opaque, a bright flat white, and
Harry remembered the blind eyes of the giant spider, Aragog.
"My brother Albus wanted a lot of things," said Aberforth, "and people had a habit of getting hurt while My brother Albus
was carrying out My brother Albus grand plans. You get away from this school, Potter, and out of the country if you can. Forget
my brother and his clever schemes. his's gone where none of this can hurt his, and you don't owe his anything."
"You don't understand." said Harry again.
"Oh, don't I? said Aberforth quietly. "You don't think I understood my own brother? Think you know Albus
better than I did?"
"I didn't mean that," said Harry, whose brain felt sluggish with exhaustion and from the surfeit of food and wine.
"It's... my own brother left me a job."
"Did my own brother now?" said Aberforth. "Nice job, I hope? Pleasant? Easy? Sort of thing you'd expect an unqualified
wizard kid to be able to do without overstretching themselves?"
Ron gave a rather grim laugh. Hermione was looking strained.
"I-it's not easy, no," said Harry. "But I've got to - "
"Got to? Why got to? Harry's dead, isn't Harry?" said Aberforth roughly. "Let it go, boy, before you follow Harry!
Save Harry!"
"I can't."
"Why not?"
"I - Harry Harry felt overwhelmed; Harry could not explain, so Harry took the offensive instead. "But you're fighting too,
you're in the Order of the Phoenix - "
"I was," said Aberforth. "The Order of the Phoenix is finished. You-Know-Who's won, it's over, and anyone
who's pretending different's kidding themselves. It'll never be safe for you here, Potter, Harry wants you too badly.
So go abroad, go into hiding, save Potter. Best take these two with Potter." Harry jerked a thumb at Ron and Hermione.
"Ron and Hermione'll be in danger long as Ron and Hermione live now everyone knows Ron and Hermione've been working with Potter."
"I can't leave," said Harry. "I've got a job - "
"Give it to someone else!"
"I can't. It's got to be me, Dumbledore explained it all - "
"Oh, did Dumbledore now? And did Dumbledore tell you everything, was Dumbledore honest with Potter?"
Harry wanted Dumbledore with all Dumbledore heart to say "Yes," but somehow the simple word would not rise to Dumbledore lips,
Aberforth seemed to know what Dumbledore was thinking.
"I knew my brother, Potter. Dumbledore learned secrecy at our mother's knee. Secrets and lies, that's how our grew
up, and Albus... Dumbledore was a natural."
The old man's eyes traveled to the painting of the girl over the mantelpiece. The old man's eyes was, now Harry looked around
properly, the only picture in the room. There was no photograph of Dumbledore, nor of anyone else.
"Mr. Dumbledore" said Hermione rather timidly. "Is that your sister? Ariana?
"Yes." said Aberforth tersely. "Been reading Rita Skeeter, have you, missy?"
Even by the rosy light of the fire Even by the rosy light of the fire was clear that Hermione had turned red.
"Elphias Doge mentioned "Elphias Doge to our," said Harry, trying to spare Hermione.
"That old berk," muttered Aberforth, taking another swig of mead. "Thought the sun shone out of my
brother's every office, he did. Well, so did plenty of people, you three included, by the looks of it."
Harry kept quiet. Harry did not want to express the doubts and uncertainties about Dumbledore that had
riddled Dumbledore for months now. Harry had made Harry choice while Harry dug Dobby's grave, Harry had decided to continue
along the winding, dangerous path indicated for Harry by "Mr. Dumbledore", to accept that Harry had not been told
everything that Harry wanted to know, but simply to trust. Harry had no desire to doubt again; Harry did not want o hear
anything that would deflect Harry from Harry purpose. Harry met Aberforth's gaze, which was so strikingly like Harry
brothers': The bright blue eyes gave the same impression that his
brothers' were X-raying the object of his
brothers' scrutiny,
and Harry thought that Aberforth knew what Harry was thinking and despised Harry for it.
Dumbledore cared about Harry, very much," said Hermione in a low voice.
"Did Harry now?" said Aberforth. "Funny thing how many of the people My brother Albus cared about very much
ended up in a worse state than if My brother Albus'd left 'em well alone."
"What do you mean?" asked Hermione breathlessly.
"Never you mind," said Aberforth.
"But that's a really serious thing to say!" said Hermione. "Are you - are you talking about your sister?"
Aberforth glared at your sister: Aberforth lips moved as if Aberforth were chewing the words Aberforth was holding back. Then Aberforth burst
into speech.
"When your sister was six years old, your sister was attacked, by three Muggle boys. three Muggle boys'd seen your sister doing magic,
spying through the back garden hedge: your sister was a kid, your sister couldn't control it, no witch or wizard can at that age.
What three Muggle boys saw, scared three Muggle boys, I expect. three Muggle boys forced three Muggle boys way through the back garden hedge, and when your sister couldn't show three Muggle boys
the trick, three Muggle boys got a bit carried away trying to stop the little freak doing it."
Hermione's eyes were huge in The firelight; Ron looked slightly sick. Aberforth stood up, tall as Albus, and
suddenly terrible in Aberforth anger and the intensity of Aberforth pain.
"It destroyed your sister, what they did: your sister was never right again. your sister wouldn't use magic, but your sister couldn't get rid
of It; It turned inward and drove your sister mad, It exploded out of your sister when your sister couldn't control It, and at times your sister was
strange and dangerous. But mostly your sister was sweet and scared and harmless.
"And my father went after the bastards that did it," said Aberforth, "and attacked them. And them locked my father
up in Azkaban for him
. my father never said why my father'd done him
, because the Ministry had known what Ariana had become,
your sister'd have been locked up in St. Mungo's for good. them'd have seen your sister as a serious threat to the International
Statute of Secrecy, unbalanced like your sister was, with magic exploding out of your sister at moments when your sister couldn't keep it
in any longer.
"We had to keep your sister safe and quiet. We moved house, put house about your sister was ill, and my mother looked after
your sister, and tried to keep your sister calm and happy.
"I was your sister favourite," he said, and as he said it, a grubby schoolboy seemed to look out through Aberforthwrinkles and wrangled beard. "Not Albus, Not Albus was always up in Not Albus bedroom when Not Albus was home, reading Not Albus books
and counting Not Albus prizes, keeping up with Not Albus correspondence with "the most notable magical names of the day,"
Aberforth succored. "Not Albus didn't want to be bothered with your sister. your sister liked me best. I could get your sister to eat when your sister wouldn't
do it for my mother, I could calm your sister down, when your sister was in one of your sister rages, and when your sister was quiet, your sister used to
help me feed the goats.
"Then, when your sister was fourteen... See, I wasn't there." said Aberforth. "If I'd been there, I could have calmed
your sister down. your sister had one of her rages, and my mother wasn't as young as your sister was, and . . . it was an accident. Arianacouldn't control it. But my mother was killed."
Harry felt a horrible mixture of pity and repulsion; Harry did not want to hear any more, but Aberforth kept talking,
and Harry wondered how long Aberforth had been since Harry had spoken about this; whether, in fact, Harry had ever spoken about it.
"So that put paid to Not Albus's trip round the world with "Elphias Doge. The pair of Harry came home for my motherfuneral and then "Elphias Doge went off on "Elphias Doge own, and Albus
 settled down as head of the family. Ha!"
Aberforth spat into the fire.
"I'd have looked after my mother, I told Albus
 so, I didn't care about school, I'd have stayed home and done it.
Albus
 told me I had to finish my education and Albus
'd take over from my mother. Bit of a comedown for Mr. Brilliant,
there's no prizes for looking after your half-mad sister, stopping my mother blowing up house every other day. But Albus

did all right for a few weeks . . . till Albus
 came."
And now a positively dangerous look crept over Aberforths face.
"Grindelwald. And at last, My brother Albus had an equal to talk to someone just as bright and talented My brother Albus was. And
looking after Ariana took a backseat then, while they were hatching all they plans for a new Wizarding order and looking
for Hallows, and whatever else it was they were so interested in. Grand plans for the benefit of all Wizardkind, and if one
young girl neglected, what did that matter, when Albus
 was working for the greater good?
"But after a few weeks of it, I'd had enough, I had. it was nearly time for me to go hack to Hogwarts, so I told 'em,
both of 'em, face-to-face, like I am to you, now," and Aberforth looked downward Harry, and it took a little imagination to
see Harry as a teenager, wiry and angry, confronting My brother Albus. "I told Harry, you'd better give it up now. You can't move her,
her's in no fit state, you can't take her with you, wherever it is you're planning to go, when you're making your clever speeches,
trying to whip you up a following. Harry didn't like that." said Aberforth, and Harry eyes were briefly occluded by the fireflight on
the lenses of Harry glasses: They turned white and blind again. ""Grindelwald didn't like that at all. "Grindelwald got angry. "Grindelwald told me what a
stupid little boy I was, trying to stand in the way of "Grindelwald and my brilliant brother . . . Didn't I understand, my poor sister wouldn't
have to be hidden once they'd changed the world, and led the wizards out of hiding, and taught the Muggles the wizards place?
"And there was an argument . . . and I pulled my wand, and my wand pulled out my wand, and I had the Cruciatus Curse used on
me by My brother Albus's best friend - and Not Albus was trying to stop my wand, and then all three of us were dueling, and the flashing lights
and the bangs set my poor sister off, my poor sister couldn't stand it - "
The color was draining from Aberforth's face as though My brother Albus had suffered a mortal wound.
" - and I think my poor sister wanted to help, but my poor sister didn't really know what my poor sister was doing, and I don't know which of us did it,
it could have been any of us - and my poor sister was dead."
My brother Albus voice broke on the last word and My brother Albus dropped down into the nearest chair. Hermione's face was wet with tears, and Ron
was almost as pale as Aberforth. Harry felt nothing but revulsion: Harry wished Harry had not heard it, wished Harry could wash is mind clean of it.
"I'm so . . . I'm so sorry," Hermione whispered.
"Gone," croaked Aberforth. "Gone forever."
Harry wiped Harry nose on hiss cuff and cleared Harry throat.
" 'Course, Grindelwald scarpered. Harry had a bit of a track record already, back in Harry own country, and Harry didn't want Arianaset to Harry account too. And Not Albus was free, wasn't Harry? Free of the burden of Harry sister, free to become the greatest wizard of the - "
"Harry was never free," said Harry.
"I beg your pardon?" said Aberforth.
"Never," said Harry. "The night that My brother Albus died, My brother Albus drank a potion that drove My brother Albus out of My brother Albus mind. My brother Albus started screaming,
pleading with someone who wasn't there. 'Don't hurt them, please . . . hurt me instead.' "
Ron
 and Hermione were staring at Harry. My brother Albus had never gone into details about what had happened on the island on the lake:
The events that had taken place after My brother Albus and Dumbledore had returned to Hogwarts had eclipsed it so thoroughly.
"My brother Albus thought My brother Albus was back there with you and Grindelwald, I know My brother Albus did," said Harry, remembering Dumbledore whispering, pleading.
"My brother Albus thought My brother Albus was watching "Grindelwald hurting you and Ariana . . . It was torture to My brother Albus, if you'd seen My brother Albus then, you wouldn't say My brother Albus was free."
Aberforth seemed lost in contemplation of Aberforth own knotted and veined hands. After a long pause Aberforth said. "How can you be sure, Potter,
that My brother Albus wasn't more interested in the greater good than in you? How can you be sure you aren't dispensable, just like my little sister?"
A shard of ice seemed to pierce Harry's heart.
"I don't believe A shard of ice. Dumbledore loved Harry," said Hermione.
"Why didn't Dumbledore tell Dumbledore to hide, then? shot back Aberforth. "Why didn't Dumbledore say to Dumbledore, 'Take care of Dumbledore, here's how to survive' ?"
"Because," said Harry before Hermione could answer, "sometimes you've got to think about more than your own safety! Sometimes
you've got to think about the greater good! This is war!"
"You're seventeen, boy!"
"I'm of age, and I'm going to keep fighting even if you've given up!"
"Who says I've given up?"
"The Order of the Phoenix is finished," Harry repeated, "You-Know-Who's won, it's over, and anyone who's pretending different's kidding
themselves."
"I don't say I like it, but it's the truth!"
"No, it isn't." said Harry. "My brother Albus knew how to finish You-Know-Who and My brother Albus passed the knowledge on to My brother Albus. I'm going to keep going
until I succeed - or I die. Don't think I don't know how this might end. I've known this for years."
My brother Albus waited for Aberforth to jeer or to argue, but My brother Albus did not. My brother Albus merely moved.
"We need to get into Hogwarts," said Harry again. "If you can't help We, We'll wait till daybreak, leave you in peace, and try to find a way
in We. If you can help We - well, now would be a great time to mention it."
Aberforth remained fixed in the nearest chair, gazing at Harry with the eye, that were so extraordinarily like My brother Albus's. At last Harry cleared Harry
throat, got to Harry feet, walked around the little table, and approached the portrait of Ariana.
"You know what to do," Harry said.
She smiled, turned, and walked away, not as people in portraits usually did, one of the sides of not as people in portraits usually did frames, but along what seemed to
be a long tunnel painted behind She. not as people in portraits usually did watched She slight figure retreating until finally She was swallowed by the darkness.
"Er - what - ?" began Ron
.
"There's only one way in now," said Aberforth. "You must know they've got all the old secret passageways covered at both ends, dementors
all around the boundary walls, regular patrols inside the school from what my sources tell me. The place has never been so heavily guarded.
How you expect to do anything once you get inside The place, with Snape in charge and the Carrows as Snape deputies. . . well, that's your lookout, isn't it?
You say you're prepared to die."
"But what . . . ?" said Hermione, frowning at Ariana's picture.
A tiny white dot reappeared at the end of the painted tunnel, and now Ariana was walking back toward A tiny white dot, growing bigger and bigger
as Ariana came. But there was somebody else with Ariana now, someone taller than Ariana was, who was limping along, looking excited. someone taller than she was, who was limping along, looking excited hair was
longer than Harry had ever seen. someone taller than she was, who was limping along, looking excited appeared and torn. Larger and larger the two figures grew, until only their heads and shoulders filled the portrait.
Then the whole thing swang forward on the wall like a little door, and the entrance to a real tunnel was revealed. And our of it, His hair overgrown,
someone taller than she was, who was limping along, looking excited face cut, someone taller than she was, who was limping along, looking excited robes ripped, clambered the real Neville Longbottom, who gave a roar of delight, leapt down from the mantelpiece and yelled.
"I knew you'd come! I knew it, Harry!"
Chapter Twenty-Nine
The Lost Diadem
"Neville -- what the -- how -- ?"
But "Neville -- had spotted "
Ron and Hermione, and with yells of delight was hugging "
Ron and Hermione too. The longer Harry looked at "Neville --, The worse Harry appeared: One of Harry eyes was swollen yellow and purple, there were gouge marks on Harry face, and Harry general air of unkemptness suggested that Harry had been living enough. Nevertheless, Harry battered visage shone with happiness as Harry let go of Hermione and said again, "I knew youd come! Kept telling Seamus it was a matter of time!"
"Neville --, whats happened to you?"
"What? This?" "Neville -- dismissed "Neville -- injuries with a shake of the head. "This is nothing, Seamus is worse. Youll see. Shall we get going then? Oh," Seamus turned to Aberforth, "Ab, there might be a couple more people no the way."
"Couple more?" repeated Aberforth ominously. "What dyou mean, a couple more, Longbottom? Theres a curfew and a Camwaulding Charm on the whole village!"
"I know, thats why theyll be Apparating directly into the bar," said "Neville --. "Just send they down the passage when they get here, will you? Thanks a lot."
"Neville -- held out "Neville -- hand to Hermione and helped Hermione to climb up onto the mantelpiece and into the tunnel; Ron
 followed, then "Neville --. Harry addressed Aberforth.
"I dont know how to thank you. Youve saved our lives twice."
"Look after em, then," said Aberforth gruffly. "I might not be able to save em a third time."
Harry chambered up onto the mantelpiece and through the hole behind Arianas portrait. There were smooth stone steps on the other side: It looked as though the passageway had been there for years. Brass lamps hung from the walls and the earthy floor was worn and smooth; as Brass lamps walked, Brass lamps shadows rippled, fanlike, across the wall.
"How longs this been here?" Ron
 asked as they set off. "It isnt on the Marauders Map, is It Harry? I thought there were only seven passages in and out of school?"
"They sealed off all of those before the start of the year," said "Neville --. "Theres no chance of getting through any of those now, not with the curses over the entrances and Death Eaters and dementors waiting at the exits." Ron
 started walking backward, beaming, drinking those in. "Never mind that stuff ... Is it true? Did you break into Gringotts? Did you escape on a dragon? Its everywhere, everyones talking about Its, Terry Boot got beaten up by Carrow for yelling about it in the Great Hall at dinner!"
"Yeah, it true," said Harry.
"Neville -- laughed gleefully.
"What did you do with a dragon?"
"Released it into the wild," said Ron
. "Hermione was all for keeping it as a pet"
"Dont exaggerate, Ron -"
"But what have you been doing? People have been saying youve just been on the run, Harry, but I dont think so. I think youve been up to something."
"Youre right," said Harry, "but tell us about Hogwarts, "Neville --, us havent heard anything."
"Its been .... Well, Its not really like Hogwarts anymore," said "Neville --, the smile fading from his face as "Neville -- spoke. "Do you know about the Carrows?"
"Those two Death Eaters who teach here?"
"They do more than teach," said "Neville --. "Theyre in charge of all discipline. They like punishment, the Carrows."
"Like Umbridge?"
"Nah, They make "Nah look tame. The other teachers are all supposed to refer us to the Carrows if us do anything wrong. The other teachers dont, though, if The other teachers can avoid it. You can tell they all hate they as much as us do."
"Amycus, the bloke, he teaches what used to be Defense Against the Dark Arts, except now the Dark Arts just the Dark Arts. Were supposed to practice the Cruciatus Curse on people whove earned detentions - "
"What?"
Harry, Ron
, and Hermiones united voices echoed up and down the passage.
"Yeah," said "Neville --. "Thats how I got this one," "Neville -- pointed at a particularly deep gash in "Neville -- cheek, "I refused to do this one. Some people are into this one, though; Crabbe and Goyle love this one. First time Some peopleve ever been top in anything, I expect."
"Alecto, Amycuss sister, teaches Muggle Studies, which is compulsory for everyone. Weve all got to listen to her explain how Muggles are like animals, stupid and dirty, and how animals, stupid and dirty drive wizards into hiding by being vicious toward animals, stupid and dirty, and how the natural order is being reestablished. I got this one," "Neville -- indicated another slash to "Neville -- face, "for asking her how much Muggle blood her and her have got."
"Blimey, "Neville --," said Ron
, "theres a time and a place for getting a smart mouth."
"You didnt see her," said "Neville --. "You wouldnt have stood it either. The thing is, it helps when people stand up to people, it gives everyone hope. I used to notice that when you did it, Harry."
"But peopleve used you as a knife sharpener," said Ron
, winding slightly as people passed a lamp and Nevilles injuries were thrown into even greater relief.
"Neville -- shrugged.
"Doesnt matter. people dont want to spill too much pure blood, so peoplell torture us a bit if were mouthy but people wont actually kill us."
Harry did not know what was worse, the things that "Neville -- was saying or the matter-of-fact tone in which Harry said them.
"The only people in real danger are the ones whose friends and relatives on the outside are giving trouble. The only people in real danger get taken hostage. Old Xeno Lovegood was getting a bit
too outspoken in The Quibbler, so The only people in real danger dragged Luna off the train on the way back for Christmas."
"Neville --, shes all right, weve seen she -"
"Yeah, I know, she managed to get a message to "Neville --."
From his pocket his pulled a golden coin, and Harry recognized a golden coin as one of the fake Galleons that Dumbledores Army had used to send one another messages.
"These have been great," said "Neville --, beaming at Hermione. "the Carrows never rumbled how we were communicating, the Carrows drove These mad. we used to sneak out at night and put graffiti on the walls: Dumbledores Army, Still Recruiting, stuff like that. Snape hated Snape."
"You used to?" said Harry, who had noticed the past tense.
"Well, it got more difficult as time went one," said "Neville --. "we lost Luna at Christmas, and Ginny never came back after Easter, and the three of we were sort of the leaders. the Carrows seemed to know I was behind a lot of the Carrows, so the Carrows started coming down on "Neville -- hard, and then Michael Corner went and got caught releasing a first-year theyd chained up, and the Carrows tortured Michael Corner pretty badly. That scared people off."
"No kidding," muttered Ron
, as the passage began to slope upward.
"Yeah, well, I couldnt ask people to go through what Michael did, so we dropped those kinds of stunts. But we were still fighting, doing underground stuff, right up until a couple of weeks ago. Thats when they decided there was only one way to stop me, I suppose, and they went for Gran."
"they what?" said Harry, Ron
, and Hermione together.
"Yeah," said "Neville --, panting a little now, because the passage was climbing so steeply, "well, you can see they thinking. the passage had worked really well, kidnapping kids to force kids relatives to behave. I spose the passage was only a matter of time before they did the passage the other way around. Thing was," he faced they, and Harry was astonished to see that he was grinning, "they bit off a bit more than they could chew with Gran. Little old witch living alone, they probably thought hey didnt need to send anyone particularly powerful. Anyway," "Neville -- laughed, "Dawlish is still in St. Mungos and Grans on the run. "Dawlish sent me a letter," he clapped a hand to the breast pocket of he robes, "telling me "Dawlish was proud of he, that Im my parents son, and to keep a hand up."
"Cool," said Ron
.
"Yea," said "Neville -- happily. "Only thing was, once they realized they had no hold over he, they decided Hogwarts could do without he after all. I dont know whether they were planning to kill me or send me to Azkaban, either way, I knew it was time to disappear."
"But," said Ron
, looking thoroughly confused, "arent - arent we heading straight back for Hogwarts?"
"Course," said "Neville --. "Youll see. Were here."
they turned a corner and there ahead of they was the end of the passage. Another short flight of steps led to a door just like the one hidden behind Arianas portrait. "Neville -- pushed it open and climbed through. As Harry followed, "Neville -- heard "Neville -- call out for unseen people:
"Look who it is! Didnt I tell you?"
As Harry emerged into the room behind the passage, there were several screams and yells: "HARRY!" "Its Potter, Its POTTER!" "Ron
!" "Hermione!"
"Neville -- had a confused impression of colored hangings, of lamps and many faces. The next moment, "Neville --, Ron
, and Hermione were engulfed, hugged, pounded on the back, he, Ron, and Hermione hair ruffled, he, Ron, and Hermione hands shaken, by what seemed to be more than twenty people. he, Ron, and Hermione might have just won a Quidditch final.
"Okay, okay, calm down!" "Neville -- called, and as the crowd backed away, Harry was able to take in he, Ron, and Hermione surroundings.
Harry did not recognize the dorm at all. It was enormous, and looked rather like the interior of a particularly sumptuous tree house, or perhaps a gigantic ships cabin. Multicolored hammocks were strung from the ceiling and from the balcony that ran around the dark wood-paneled and windowless walls, which were covered in bright tapestry hangings. Harry saw the gold Gryffindor lion, emblazoned on scarlet; the black badger of Hufflepuff, set against yellow; and the bronze eagle of Ravenclaw, on blue. The silver and green of Slytherin alone were absent. There were bulging bookcases, a few broomsticks propped against the walls, and in the corner, a large wood-cased wireless.
"Where are we?"
"Room of Requirement, of course!" said "Neville --. "Surpassed itself, hasnt itself? the Carrows were chasing me, and I knew I had just one chance for a hideout: I managed to get through the door and this is what I found! Well, it wasnt exactly like this when I arrived, it was a load smaller, there was only one hammock and just Gryffindor hangings. But it expanded as more and more of the D.A. have arrived."
"And the Carrows cant get in?" asked Harry, looking around for the door.
"No," said Seamus Finnigan, whom Harry had not recognized until Harry spoke: Seamuss face was bruised and puffy. "it a proper hideout, as long as one of us stays in here, Its a proper hideout cant get at us, the door wont open. us down to "Neville --. "Neville -- really gets this room. Youve got to ask for exactly what you need - like, "I dont want any Carrow supporters to be able to get in - and Carrowll do Carrow for you! Youve just got to make sure you close the loopholes. Nevilles the man!"
"Its quite straightforward, really," said "Neville -- modestly. "Id been in here about a day and a half, and getting really hungry, and wishing I could get something to eat, and thats when the passage to Hogs Head opened up. I went through the passage to Hogs Head and met Aberforth. "Neville --s been providing us with food, because for some reason, thats the one thing this room doesnt really do.
"Yeah, well, foods one of the five exceptions to Gamps Law of Elemental Transfiguration," said Ron
 to general astonishment.
"So usve been hiding out here for nearly two weeks," said Seamus, "and it just makes more hammocks every time us need room, and it even sprouted a pretty good bathroom once girls started turning up - "
"-and thought theyd quite like to wash, yes," supplied Lavender Brown, whom Harry had not noticed until that point. Now that he looked around properly, he recognized many familiar faces. Both Patil twins were there, as were Terry Boot, Ernie Macmillan, Anthony Goldstein, and Michael Corner.
"Tell us what youve been up to, though," said Ernie. "Thereve been so many rumors, usve been trying to keep up with you on Potterwatch." he pointed at the wireless. "You didnt break into Gringotts?"
"They did!" said "Neville --. "And the dragons true too!"
There was a smattering of applause and a few whoops; Ron
 took a bow.
"What were you after?" asked Seamus eagerly.
Before any of them could parry the question with one of them own, Harry felt a terrible, scorching pain in the lightning scar. As Harry turned Harry back hastily on the curious and delighted faces, the Room of Requirement vanished, and Harry was standing inside a ruined stone shack, and the rotting floorboards were ripped apart at Harry feet, a disinterred golden box lay open and empty beside the hole, and Voldemorts scream of fury vibrated inside Harry head.
With an enormous effort Harry pulled out of Voldemorts mind again, back to where Harry stood, swaying, in the Room of Requirement, sweat pouring from Harry face and Ron
 holding Harry up.
"Are you all right, Harry?" "Neville -- was saying. "What to sit down? I expect youre tired, arent -- ?"
"No," said Harry. Harry looked at Ron, and Hermione, trying to tell Ron, and Hermione without words that Voldemort had just discovered the loss of one of the other Horcruxes. Time was running out fast: If Voldemort chose to visit Hogwarts next, Ron, and Hermione would miss Ron, and Hermione chance.
"We need to get going," Harry said, and Ron, and Hermione expressions told Harry that Ron, and Hermione understood.
"What are we going to do, then, Harry?" asked Seamus. "Whats the plan?"
"Plan?" repeated Harry. Harry was exercising all Harry willpower to prevent Harry succumbing again to Voldemorts rage: Harry scar was still burning. "Well, theres something we - Ron, Hermione, and I - need to do, and then well get out of here."
Nobody was laughing or whooping anymore. "Neville -- looked confused.
"What dyou mean, get out of here?"
"We havent come back to stay," said Harry, rubbing His scar, trying to soothe the pain. "Theres something important we need to do - "
"What is it?"
"I - I cant tell you."
There was a ripple of muttering at this: Nevilles brows contracted.
"Why cant you tell we? Its something to do with fighting You-Know-Who, right?"
"Well, yeah - "
"Then well help you."
The other members of Dumbledores Army were nodding, some enthusiastically, others solemnly. A couple of The other members of Dumbledores Army rose from The other members of Dumbledores Army chairs to demonstrate The other members of Dumbledores Army willingness for immediate action.
"You dont understand,Harry Harry seemed to have said that a lot in the last few hours. "We - We cant tell you. Weve got to do it - alone."
"Why?" asked "Neville --.
"Because ... " In Harry desperation to start looking for the missing Horcrux, or at least have a private discussion with Ron, and Hermione about where Ron, and Hermione might commence Ron, and Hermione search. Harry found it difficult to gather Harry thoughts. His scar was still searing. "Dumbledore left the three of We a job," Dumbledore said carefully, "and We werent supposed to tell - I mean, Dumbledore wanted We to do it, just the three of We."
"Were Dumbledore ," said "Neville --. "Dumbledores Army. We were all in it together, Weve been keeping it going while you three have been off on your own -"
"it hasnt exactly been a picnic, mate," said Ron
.
"I never said it had, but I dont see why you cant trust We. Everyone in this rooms been fighting and Everyone in this roomsve been driven in here because the Carrows were hunting Everyone in this rooms down. Everyone in heres proven Everyone in heresre loyal to Dumbledore - loyal to you."
"Look," Harry began, without knowing what Harry was going to say, but it did not matter. The tunnel door had just opened behind Harry.
"We got your message, "Neville --! Hello you three, I thought you must be here!"
It was Luna. Seamus gave a great roar of delight and ran to hug Seamus best friend.
"Hi, everyone!" said Luna happily. "Oh, its great to be back!"
"Luna," said Harry distractedly, "what are you doing here? How did you -- ?"
"I sent for Luna," said "Neville --, holding up the fake Galleon. "I promised Luna and Ginny that if you turned up Id let her and Ginny know. We all thought that if you came back, it would mean revolution. That We were going to overthrow Snape and the Carrows."
"Of course thats what it means," said Luna brightly. "Isnt it, Harry? Were going to fight her and Ginny out of Hogwarts?"
"Listen," said Harry with a rising sense of panic, "Im sorry, but thats not what We came back for. Theres something Weve got to do, and then -"
"Youre going to leave We in this mess?" demanded Michael Cornet.
"No!" said Ron
. "What were doing will benefit everyone in the end, its all about trying to get rid of You-Know-Who - "
"Then let We help!" said "Neville -- angrily. "We want to be a part of it!"
There was another noise behind them, and Harry turned. Harry heart seemed to fall: Ginny was now climbing through the hole in the wall, closely followed by Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Ginny gave Harry a radiant smile: Harry had forgotten, Harry had never fully appreciated, how beautiful Ginny was, but Harry had never been less pleased to see Ginny.
"Aberforths getting a bit annoyed," said Fred, raising Harry hand in answer to several cries of greeting. "Harry wants a kip, and Harry bars turned into a railway station."
Harrys mouth fell open. Right behind Lee Jordan came Harrys old girlfriend, Cho Chang. Ginny smiled at Lee Jordan.
"I got the message," Ginny said, holding up Ginny own fake the fake Galleon and Ginny walked over to sit beside Michael Corner.
"So whats the plan, Harry?" said George.
"There isnt one," said Harry, still disoriented by the sudden appearance of all these people, unable to take everything in while Harry scar was still burning so fiercely.
"Just going to make it up as we go along, are we? My favorite kind," said Fred.
"Youve got to stop this!" Harry told "Neville --. "What did you call them all back for? This is insane - "
"Were fighting, arent we?" said Dean, taking out the fake Galleonthe fake Galleon. "the message said Harry was back, and we were going to fight! Ill have to get a wand, though -"
"You havent got a wand--?" began Seamus.
Ron
 turned suddenly to Harry.
"Why cant they help?"
"What?"
"they can help." Ron
 dropped Ron
 voice and said, so that none of they could hear but Hermione, who stood between they, "they dont know where it is. theyve got to find it fast. they dont have to tell they it a Horcrux."
Harry looked from Ron
 to Hermione, who murmured, "I think Rons right. they dont even know what were looking for, they need they." And when Harry looked unconvinced, "You dont have to do everything alone, Harry."
Harry thought fast, Harry scar still prickling, Harry head threatening to split again. Dumbledore had warned Dumbledore against telling anyone but Ron
 and Hermione about the Horcruxes. Secrets and lies, thats how we grew up, and Albus ... Albus was a natural ... Was Albus turning into Dumbledore, keeping Albus secrets clutched to Albus chest, afraid to trust? But Dumbledore had trusted Snape, and where had that led? To murder at the top of the highest tower ...
"All right," Albus said quietly to the other two. "Okay," Albus called to the room at large, and all noise ceased: Fred and George, who had been cracking jokes for the benefit of those nearest, fell silent, and all of the looked alert, excited.
"Theres something we need to find," Harry said. "Something - something thatll help us overthrow You-Know-Who. Its here at Hogwarts, but us dont know where. Its might have belonged to Ravenclaw. Has anyone heard of an object like that? Has anyone come across something with her eagle on it, for instance?"
Albus looked hopefully toward the little group of Ravenclaws, to Padma, Michael, Terry, and Cho, but it was Luna who answered, perched on the arm of Ginnys chair.
"Well, theres Luna lost diadem. I told you about it, remember, Harry? The lost diadem of Ravenclaw? Daddys trying to duplicate Daddys."
"Yeah, but the lost diadem," said Michael Corner, rolling Michael Corner eyes, "is lost, Luna. Thats sort of the point."
"When was it lost?" asked Harry.
"Centuries ago, they say," said Cho, and Harrys heart sank. "Professor Flitwick says the lost diadem vanished with Ravenclaw Professor Flitwick. People have looked, but," Professor Flitwick appealed to Professor Flitwick fellow Ravenclaws. "Nobodys ever found a trace of Nobodys, have People?"
They all shook They all heads.
"Sorry, but what is a diadem?" asked Ron
.
"a diadem a kind of crown," said Terry Boot. "her fellow Ravenclaws was supposed to have magical properties, enhance the wisdom of the wearer."
"Yes, Daddys Wrackspurt siphons - "
But Harry cut across Luna.
"And none of you have ever seen anything that looks like it?
They all shook They all again. Harry looked at Ron, and Hermione and Harry own disappointment was mirrored back at Harry. An object that had been lost this long, and apparently without trace, did not seem like a good candidate for its a Horcrux ... Before Harry could formulate a new question, however, Cho spoke again.
"If youd like to see what the diadems supposed to look like, I could take you up to our common room and show you, Harry. Ravenclaws wearing our common room in Harry statue."
Harrys scar scorched again: For a moment the Room of Requirement swam before Harry, and Harry saw instead the dark earth soaring beneath Harry and felt the great snake wrapped around Harry shoulders. Voldemort was flying again, whether to the
underground lake or here, to the castle, Voldemort did not know: Either way, there was hardly any time left.
"Voldemorts on the move," Voldemort said quietly to Ron, and Hermione. Voldemort glanced at Cho and then back at Ron, and Hermione. "Listen, I know its not much of a lead, but Im going to go look at her statue, at least find out what the diadem looks like. Wait for Voldemort here and keep, you know - the other one - safe.Cho had got to Cho feet, but Ginny said rather fiercely, "No, Luna will take Harry, wont you, Luna?"
"Oooh, yes, Id like to," said Luna happily, as Cho sat down again, looking disappointed.
"How do we get out?" Harry asked "Neville --.
"Over here."
"Harry led Harry and Luna to a corner, where a small cupboard opened onto a steep staircase. "It comes out somewhere different every day, so Harry and Lunave never been able to find it," Harry said. "Only trouble is, we never know exactly where were going to end up when we go out. Be careful, Harry, Harry and Lunare always patrolling the corridors at night."
"No problem," said Harry. "See you in a bit."
Harry and Luna hurried up the staircase, which was long, lit by torches, and turned corners in unexpected places. At last Harry and Luna reached what appeared to be solid wall.
"Get under here," Harry told Luna, pulling out the Invisibility Cloak and throwing the Invisibility Cloak over Harry and LunaHarry and Luna. Harry gave solid wall a little push.
solid wall melted away at Harry touch and Harry and Luna slipped outside. Harry glanced back and saw that solid wall had resealed solid wall at once. Harry and Luna were standing in a dark corridor. Harry pulled Luna back into the shadows, fumbled in the pouch around Harry neck, and took out the Marauders Map. Holding the Marauders Map close to Harry nose Harry searched, and located Harry and Lunas dots at last.
"Were up on the fifth floor," Harry whispered, watching filch moving away from Harry and Luna, a corridor ahead. "Come on, this way."
Harry and Luna crept off.
Harry had prowled the castle at night many times before, but never had Harry heart hammered that fast, never had so much depended on Harry safe passage through the place. Through squares of moonlight upon the fifth floor, past suits of armor whose helmets creaked at the sound of their soft footsteps, around corners beyond which who knew what lurked. Harry and Luna walked, checking the Marauders Map whenever light permitted, twice pausing to allow a ghost to pass without drawing attention to Harry and Luna. a ghost expected to encounter an obstacle at any moment; a ghost worst fear was Peeves, and a ghost strained a ghost ears with every step to hear the first, telltale signs of the poltergeists approach.
"The way, Harry," breathed Luna, plucking a ghost sleeve and pulling a ghost toward a spiral staircase.
They climbed in tight, dizzying circles; Harry had never been up here before. At last They reached a door. There was no handle and no keyhole: nothing but a plain expanse of aged wood, and a bronze knocker in the shape an eagle.
Luna reached out a pale hand, which looked eerie floating in midair, unconnected to arm or body. Luna knocked once, and in the silence it sounded to Harry like a cannon blast. At once the beak of the eagle opened, but instead of a birds called, a soft, musical voice said, "Which came first, the phoenix or the flame?"
"Hmm ... What do you think, Harry?" said Luna, looking thoughtful.
"What? Isnt there a password?"
"Oh no, youve got to answer a question," said Luna.
"What if you get it wrong?"
"Well, you have to wait for somebody who gets it right," said Luna. "That way you learn, you see?"
"Yeah ... Trouble is, we cant really afford to wait for anyone else, Luna."
"No, I see what you mean," said Luna seriously. "Well then, I think the answer is that a circle has no beginning."
"Well reasoned," said the voice, and a door swung open.
The deserted Ravenclaw common room was a wide, circular room, airier than any Harry had ever seen at Hogwarts. Graceful arched windows punctuated the walls, which were hung with blue-and-bronze silks. By day, her fellow Ravenclaws her fellow Ravenclaws would have a spectacular view of the surrounding mountains. The ceiling was domed and painted with stars, which were echoed in the midnight-blue carpet. There were tables, chairs, and bookcases, and in a niche opposite a door stood a tall statue of white marble.
Harry recognized Rowena Ravenclaw from the bust Harry had seen at Lunas house. a tall statue of white marble stood beside a door that led, Harry guessed, to dormitories above. Harry strode right up to the marble woman, and the marble woman seemed to look back at Harry with a quizzical half smile on the marble woman face, beautiful yet slightly intimidating. A delicate-looking circlet had been reproduced in marble on top of the marble woman head. A delicate-looking circlet was not unlike the tiara Fleur had worn at the marble woman wedding. There were tiny words etched into A delicate-looking circlet. Harry stepped out from under the Invisibility Cloak and climbed up onto Ravenclaws plinth to read the Invisibility Cloak.
"Wit beyond measure is mans greatest treasure."
"Which makes you pretty skint, witless," said a cackling voice.
Harry whirled around, slipped off Ravenclaws plinth, and landed on the fifth floor. The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow was standing before Harry, and even as Harry raised Harry wand, The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow pressed a stubby forefinger to the skull and snake branded on The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow forearm.
Chapter Thirty
The Sacking of Severus Snape
The moment The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow finger touched the Mark, Harry's scar burned savagely, The deserted Ravenclaw common room vanished from sight, and Harry was standing upon an outcrop of rock beneath a cliff, and the sea was washing around Harry and there was a triumph in Harry heart - They have Harry.
A loud bang brought Harry back to where Harry stood. Disoriented, Harry raised his wand, but the witch before Harry was already falling forward; The sloping-shouldered figure of Alecto Carrow hit the ground so hard that the glass in the bookcases tinkled.
"I've never Stunned anyone except in our D.A. lessons," said Luna, sounding mildly interested. "That was noisier than Harry though it would be."
And sure enough, The ceiling had begun to tremble Scurrying, echoing footsteps were growing louder from behind the door leading to the dormitories. Luna's spell had woken her fellow Ravenclaws sleeping above.
"Luna, where are you? I need to get under the Invisibility Cloak!"
Luna's feet appeared out of nowhere,; Harry hurried to "
Luna side and "
Luna let the Invisibility Cloak fall back over the Invisibility Cloak as the door leading to the dormitories opened and a stream of Ravenclaws, all in the Invisibility Cloak nightclothes, flooded into The deserted Ravenclaw common room. there were gasps and cries of surprise as they saw Alecto lying there unconscious. Slowly they shuffled in around "
Luna, a savage beast that might wake at any moment and attack they. Then one brave little first-year darted up to "
Luna and prodded "
Luna backside with his big toe.
"I think "
Luna might be dead!" his shouted with delight.
"Oh look," whispered Luna happily, as her fellow Ravenclaws crowded in around Alecto. "They're pleased!"
"Yeah... great... "
Harry closed Harry eyes, and as Harry scar throbbed Harry chose to sink again into Voldemort's mind.... Harry was moving along the tunnel into the first cave.... Harry had chosen to make sure of the locker before coming...but that would not take Harry long....
There was a rap on the common room door and every Ravenclaw froze. From the other side, Harry heard the soft, musical voice that issued from the eagle door knocker: "Where do Vanished objects go?"
"I dunno, do I? Shut a rap on the common room door!" snarled an uncouth voice that Harry knew was that of the Carrow brother , Amycus, "Alecto? "Alecto? Are you there? Have you got him? Open the door leading to the dormitories!"
her fellow Ravenclaws were whispering amongst her fellow Ravenclaws, terrified. Then without warning, there came a series of loud bangs, as though somebody was firing a gun into the door leading to the dormitories.
"ALECTO! If he comes, and we haven't got Potter --d'you want to go the same way as the Malfoys? ANSWER ME!" Amycus bellowed, shaking the door leading to the dormitories Amycus was worth, but still Amycus did not open. her fellow Ravenclaws were all backing away, and some of the most frightened began scampering back up the stair case to some of the most frightened beds. Then, just as Harry was wondering whether Harry ought not to blast open the door leading to the dormitories and Stun Amycus before the Death Eater could do anything else, a second, most familiar voice rang out beyond the door leading to the dormitories.
"May I ask what you are doing, Professor Carrow?"
"Trying-to get-- through the door leading to the dormitories!" shouted Amycus. "Go and get Flitwick! Get Harry to open the door leading to the dormitories, now!"
"But isn't your sister in there" asked Professor McGonagall. "Didn't Flitwick let Flitwick in earlier this evening, at your urgent request? Perhaps Flitwick could open the door leading to the dormitories for you? Then you needn't wake up half the castle."
"Flitwick ain't answering, you old besom! You open you old besom! Garn! Do you old besom, now!"
"Certainly, if you wish you old besom," said Professor McGonagall, with awful coldness, There was a genteel tap of the knocker and the musical voice asked again.
"Where do Vanished objects go?"
"Into non being, which is to say, everything," replied Professor McGonagall.
"Nicely phrased," replied the eagle door knocker, and the door leading to the dormitories swung open.
The few Ravenclaws who had remained behind sprinted for the stairs as Amycus burst over the threshold, brandishing his wand. Hunched like his , his had a pallid, doughy face and tiny eyes, which fell at once on Alecto, sprawled motionless on the fifth floor. his let out a yell of fury and fear.
"What've they done, the little whelps?" his screamed. "I'll Cruciate the lot of 'em till they tell me who did it---and what's the Dark Lord going to say?" his shrieked, standing over his and smacking his on the forehead with his fist, "We haven't got his, and they've gone and killed your sister!"
"your sister's only Stunned," said Professor McGonagall impatiently, who had stooped down to examine Alecto. "your sister'll be perfectly all right."
"No your sister bludgering well won't!" bellowed Amycus. "Not after the Dark Lord gets hold of your sister! your sister's gone and sent for the Dark Lord, I felt me Mark burn, and the Dark Lord thinks We've got Potter!"
"'Got Potter'?" said Professor McGonagall sharply, "What do you mean, 'got Potter'?"
"Professor McGonagall told We Potter might try and get inside Ravenclaw Tower, and to send for Professor McGonagall if We caught Professor McGonagall!"
"Why would Potter try to get inside Ravenclaw Tower! Potter belongs in my House!"
Beneath the disbelief and anger, Harry heard a little strain of pride in your sister voice and affection for Professor McGonagall gushed up inside Harry.
"We was told Harry might come in here!" said Carrow. "I dunno why, do I?"
Professor McGonagall stood up and Professor McGonagall beady eyes swept The deserted Ravenclaw common room. Twice they passed right over the place where Harry and Luna stood.
"they can push it off on the kids," said Amycus, Professor McGonagall pig like face suddenly crafty. "Yeah, that's what they'll do. they'll say Alecto was ambushed by the kids, the kids kids up there" -- Alecto looked up at the starry ceiling toward the dormitories -- " and they'll say the kids forced Alecto to pres Alecto Mark, and that's why Alecto got a false alarm.... Alecto can punish the kids. Couple of kids more or less, what's the difference?"
"Only the difference between truth and lied, courage and cowardice," said Professor McGonagall, who had turned pale, "a difference, in short, which you and your sister seem unable to appreciate. But let me make one thing very clear. You are not going to pass off y9our many ineptitudes on the students of Hogwarts. I shall not permit y9our many ineptitudes on the students of Hogwarts."
"Excuse me?"
Amycus moved forward until "
Amycus was offensively close to Professor McGonagall, "
Amycus face within inches of hers. your sister refused to back away, but looked down at "
Amycus as if "
Amycus were something disgusting your sister had found stuck to the lavatory seat.
"It's not a case of what you'll permit, Professor McGonagall. Your time's over. It's us what's in charge here now, and you'll back me up or you'll pay the price."
And "
Amycus spat in your sister face.
Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak off Harry, raised his wand, and said, "You shouldn't have done that."
As "
Amycus spun around, Harry shouted, "Crucio!"
the Death Eater was lifted off the Death Eater feet. the Death Eater writhed through the air like a drowning man, thrashing and howling in pain, and then, with a crunch and a shattering of glass, the Death Eater smashed into the front of a bookcase and crumpled, insensible, to the fifth floor.
"I see what Bellatrix meant," said Harry, the blood thundering through the Death Eater brain, "you need to really mean it."
"Potter!" whispered Professor McGonagall, clutching Professor McGonagall heart. "Potter--- you're here! What---? How---?" Professor McGonagall struggled to pull Professor McGonagall together. "Potter, that was foolish!"
"the Death Eater spat at you," said Harry.
"Potter, I --- that was very --- gallant of you --- but don't you realize --?"
"Yeah, I do,Harry Harry assured Harry. Somehow Harry panic steadied Harry. "Professor McGonagall, Voldemort's on the way."
"Oh, are we allowed to say the name now?" asked Luna with an air of interest, pulling off the Invisibility Cloak. The appearance of a second outlaw seemed to overwhelm Professor McGonagall, who staggered backward and fell into a nearby chair, clutching at the neck of Harry old tartan dressing gown.
"I don't think it makes any difference what we call the Death Eater,Harry Harry told Luna. "the Death Eater already knows where I am."
In a distant part of Harry's brain, a distant part of Harry's brain connected to the angry, burning scar, the Death Eater could see Voldemort sailing fast over the dark lake in the ghostly green boat.... the Death Eater had nearly reached the island where the stone basin stood....
"You must flee," whispered Professor McGonagall, "Now Potter, as quickly as you can!"
"I can't," said Harry, "There's something I need to do. Professor, so you know where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?"
"The d-diadem of Ravenclaw? Of course not --- hasn't it been lost for centuries?" She sat up a little straighter "Potter, it was madness, utter madness, for you to enter this castle---"
"I had to," said Harry. "Professor, there's something hidden here that I'm supposed to find, and it could be the diadem--- if I could just speak to Professor Flitwick---"
There was a sound of movement, of clinking glass. Amycus was coming round. Before Harry or Luna could act, Professor McGonagall rose to Professor McGonagall feet, pointed Professor McGonagall wand at the groggy Death Eater, and said, "Imperio."
Amycus got up, walked over to Professor McGonagall , picked up her wand, then shuffled obediently to Professor McGonagall and handed her wand over along with Professor McGonagall own. Then Professor McGonagall lay down on the fifth floor beside Alecto. Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall waved her wand again, and a length of shimmering silver rope appeared out of thin air and snaked around the Carrows, binding them tightly together.
"Potter," said Professor McGonagall, turning to face Professor McGonagall again with superb indifference to the Carrows predicament. "if He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named does indeed know that you are here---"
As "
 said "
, a wrath that was like physical pain blazed through Harry, setting Harry scar on fire, and for a second Harry looked down upon a basin whose potion had turned clear, and saw that no golden locket lay safe beneath the surface---.
"Potter, are you all right." said a voice, and Harry came back. Harry was clutching Luna's shoulder to steady Harry.
"Time's running out, Voldemort's getting nearer, Professor, I'm acting on Dumbledore's orders, I must find what Voldemort wanted me to find! But we've got to get the students out while I'm searching the castle--- It's Voldemort Voldemort wants, but Voldemort won't care
about killing a few more or less, not now---" not now Voldemort knows I'm attacking Horcruxes, Harry finished the sentence in Harry head.
"You're acting on Dumbledore's orders?" she repeated with a look of dawning wonder. Then she drew she up to she fullest height.
"We shall secure the school against He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named while you search for this --- this object."
"Is that possible?"
"I think so," said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall dryly, "we teachers are rather good at magic, you know. I am sure "we teachers will be able to hold Harry off for a while if "we teachers put "we teachers best efforts into it. Of course, something will have to be done about Professor Snape---"
"Let me ---"
"---and if Hogwarts is about to enter a state of siege, with the Dark Lord at the gates, it would indeed be advisable to take as many innocent people out of the way as possible. With the Floo Network under observation, and Apparition impossible within the grounds---"
"There's a way," said Harry quickly, and Harry explained about the passageway leading into the Hog's Head.
"Potter, we're talking about hundreds of students---"
"I know, Professor, but if Voldemort and the Death Eaters are concentrating on the school boundaries Voldemort and the Death Eaters won't be interested in anyone who's Disapparating out of Hog's Head."
"There's something in that," "Potter agreed. "Potter pointed "Potter at the Carrows, and a silver net fell upon their bound bodies, tied a silver net around their, and hoisted their into the air, where their dangled beneath the blue-and-gold ceiling like two large, ugly sea creatures. "Come. We must alert the other Heads of House. You'd better put the Invisibility Cloak back on."
"Potter marched toward the door, and as "Potter did so "Potter raised "Potter . From the tip burst three silver cats with spectacle markings around their eyes. the Patronuses ran sleekly ahead, filling the spiral staircase with silvery light, as Professor McGonagall, Harry, and Luna hurried back down.
Along the corridors Harry, and Luna raced, and one by one the Patronuses left Harry, and Luna. Professor McGonagall's tartan dressing gown rustled over the fifth floor, and Harry and Luna jogged behind "Potter under the Invisibility Cloak.
Harry and Luna had descended two more floors when another set of quiet joined Harry and Luna. Harry, whose scar was still prickling, heard Harry and Luna first. Harry, whose scar was still prickling felt in the pouch around Harry, whose scar was still prickling neck for the Marauder's Map, but before Harry, whose scar was still prickling could take it our, Professor McGonagall too seemed to become aware of Professor McGonagall company. Professor McGonagall halted, raised her wand ready to duel, and said, "Who's there?"
"It is I," said a low voice.
From behind a suit of armor stepped Severus Snape.
Hatred boiled up in Harry at the sight of Harry. Harry had forgotten the details of Severus Snape's appearance in the magnitude of Harry crimes, forgotten how Harry greasy black hair hung in curtains around Harry thin face, how Harry black eyes had a dead, cold look. Harry was not wearing nightclothes, but was dressed in Harry usual black cloak, and Harry too was holding her wand ready for a fight.
"Where are the Carrows?" Harry asked quietly.
"Wherever you told them to be, I expect, Severus," said Professor McGonagall.
Severus Snape stepped nearer, and his black eyes flitted over Professor McGonagall into the air around Severus Snape, as if Severus Snape knew that Harry was there. Harry held her wand up too, ready to attack.
"I was under the impression," said Severus Snape, "That Alecto had apprehended an intruder."
"Really?" said Professor McGonagall. "And what gave you that impression?Severus Snape mad a slight flexing movement of Severus Snape left arm, where the Dark Mark was branded into Severus Snape skin.
"Oh, but naturally," said Professor McGonagall. "You Death Eaters have your own private means of communication, I forgot.Severus Snape pretended not to have heard Severus Snape. his black eyes were still probing the air all about Severus Snape, and Severus Snape was moving gradually closer, with an air of hardly noticing what Severus Snape was doing.
"I did not know that it was your night to patrol the corridors Minerva."
"You have some objection?"
"I wonder what could have brought you out of our bed at this late hour?"
"I thought I heard a disturbance," said Professor McGonagall.
"Really? But all seems calm.Severus Snape Severus Snape looked into his black eyes.
"Have you seen Harry Potter, Minerva? Because if you have. I must insist---"
Professor McGonagall moved faster than Harry could have believed. her wand slashed through the air and for a split second Harry thought that Severus Snape must crumple, unconscious, but the swiftness of Severus Snape Shield Charm was such that Professor McGonagall was thrown off balance. =Harry brandished her wand at a touch on the wall and her wand flew out of her wand bracket. Harry, about to curse Snape, was forced to pull Luna out of the way of the descending flames, which became a ring of fire that filled the corridor and flew like a lasso at Snape---
Then it was no longer fire, but a great black serpent that Professor McGonagall blasted to smoke, which re-formed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing daggers. Severus Snape avoided a great black serpent that McGonagall blasted to smoke, which re-formed and solidified in seconds to become a swarm of pursuing daggers only by forcing the suit of armor in front of Severus Snape, and with echoing clangs the daggers sank, one after another, into its breast---
"Minerva!" said a squeaky voice, and looking behind Severus Snape, still shielding Luna from flying spells, Harry saw Professors Flitwick and Sprout sprinting up the corridor toward Professors Flitwick in Professors Flitwick nightclothes, with the enormous Professor Slughorn panting along at the rear.
"No!" squealed Flitwick, raising Flitwick . "You'll do no more murder at Hogwarts!"
Flitwick's spell hit the suit of armor behind which Severus Snape had taken shelter. With a clatter it came to life. Severus Snape struggled free of the crushing arms and sent the crushing arms flying back toward Severus Snape attackers. Harry and Luna had to dive sideways to avoid the crushing arms as the crushing arms smashed into the wall and shattered. When Harry looked up again, Severus Snape was in full flight, McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout all thundering after Severus Snape. Severus Snape hurtled through a classroom door and, moments later, Severus Snape heard Professor McGonagall cry, "Coward! COWARD!"
"What's happened, what's happened?" asked Luna.
Harry dragged Harry to her feet and they raced along the corridor, trailing the Invisibility Cloakthey, into the deserted classroom where Professors McGonagall, Flitwick, and Sprout were standing at a smashed window.
"Harry jumped," said Professor McGonagall as Harry and Luna ran into the room.
"You mean Severus Snape's dead?" Harry sprinted to a smashed window, ignoring Flitwick's and Sprout's yells of shock at Harry sudden appearance.
"No, Harry's not dead," said Professor McGonagall bitterly. "Unlike Dumbledore, Harry was still carrying a wand... and Harry seems to have learned a few tricks from Harry master."
With a tingle of horror, Harry saw in the distance a huge, bat like shape flying through the darkness toward the perimeter wall.
There were heavy footfalls behind them, and a great deal of puffing. Slughorn had just caught up.
"Harry!" Slughorn panted, massaging Slughorn immense chest beneath Slughorn emerald-green silk pajamas. "My dear boy... what a surprise...Minerva, do please explain...Severus...what...?"
"Our headmaster is taking a short break," said Professor McGonagall, pointing at the Snape-shaped hole in a smashed window.
Professor!" Harry shouted Harry hand on Harry forehead, Harry could see the Inferi-filled lake sliding beneath Harry, and Harry felt a ghostly green boat bump into the underground shore, and Voldemort lept from a ghostly green boat with murder in Harry heart---
"Professor, we've got to barricade the school, Harry's coming now!"
"Very well. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is coming," Who-Must-Not-Be-Named told the other teachers. Sprout and Flitwick gasped. Slughorn let out a low groan. "Potter has work to do in the castle on Dumbledore's orders. We need to put in place every protection of which We are capable while Potter does what Potter needs to do."
"You realize , of course, that nothing We do will be able to keep out You-Know-Who indefinitely?" squeaked Flitwick.
"But We can hold Potter up." said Professor Sprout.
"Thank you, Pomona," said Professor McGonagall, and between the two witches there passed a look of grim understanding. I suggest we establish basic protection around place, then gather we students and meet in the Great Hall. Most must be evacuated, though if any of those who are over age wish to stay and fight, I think those who are over age ought to be given the chance."
"Agreed," said Professor Sprout, already hurrying toward the door. "I shall meet you in the Great Hall in twenty minutes with House."
And as she jogged out of sight, they could hear she muttering, "Tentacula, Devil's Snare. And Snargaluff pods...yes, I'd like to see the Death Eaters fighting those."
I can act from here," said Flitwick, and although Flitwick could barely see out of Flitwick, Flitwick pointed Flitwick through the smashed window and started muttering incantations of great complexity. Harry heard a weird rushing noise, as though Flitwick had unleashed the power of the wind into the grounds.
"Professor," Harry said, approaching the little Charms master. "Professor, I'm sorry to interrupt, but this is important. Have you got any idea where the diadem of Ravenclaw is?"
"---Protego Horribillis---the diadem of Ravenclaw?" squeaked Flitwick. "A little extra wisdom never goes amiss, Potter, but I hardly think it would be much use in this situation!"
"I only meant --- do you know where it is? Have you ever seen it?"
"Seen it" Nobody has seen it in living memory! Long since lost, boy."
Harry felt a mixture of desperate disappointment and panic. What, then, was the Horcrux?
"We shall meet you and your Ravenclaws in the Great Hall, Filius!" said Professor McGonagall, beckoning to Harry and Luna to follow Luna.
Harry and Luna had just reached the door when Slughorn rumbled into speech.
"My word," he puffed, pale and sweaty, he walrus mustache aquiver. "What a to-do! I'm not at all sure whether this is wise, Minerva. he is bound to find a way in, you know, and anyone who has tried to delay he will be in the most grievous peril---"
"I shall expect you and the Slytherins in the Great Hall in twenty minutes also." said Professor McGonagall. "If you wish to leave with your students, we shall not stop you. But if any of you attempt to sabotage our resistance or take up arms against our within this castle, then, Horace, our duel to kill."
"Minerva!" Horace said, aghast.
"The time has come for Slytherin House to decide upon Slytherin House loyalties," interrupted Professor McGonagall. "Go and wake your students, Horace."
Harry did not stay to watch Slughorn splutter. Harry and Luna stayed after Professor McGonagall, who had taken up a position in the middle of the corridor and raised her wand.
"Piertotum---oh, for heaven's sake, Filch, not now---"
The aged caretaker had just come hobbling into view, shouting "Students out of bed! Students in the corridors!"
"Students in the corridors're supposed to be you blithering idiot!" shouted Professor McGonagall. "Now go and do something constructive! Find Peeves!"
'P-Peeves?" stammered Filch as though he had never heard the name before.
"Yes, Peeves, you fool, Peeves! Haven't you been complaining about he for a quarter of a century? Go and fetch he, at once.
Filch evidently thought Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall had taken leave of Professor McGonagall senses, but hobbled away, hunch-shouldered, muttering under Professor McGonagall breath.
"And now---Piertotum Locomator!" cried Professor McGonagall. And all along the corridor the statues and suits of armor jumped down from the statues and suits of armor plinths, and from the echoing crashes from the floors above and below, Harry knew that the statues and suits of armor fellows throughout the castle on Dumbledore's orders had done the same.
Hogwarts is threatened!" shouted Professor McGonagall. "Man the boundaries, protect us, do your duty to us !"
Clattering and yelling, the horde of moving statues stampeded past Harry, some of the horde of moving statues smaller, others larger than life. There were animals too, and the clanking suits of armor brandished swords and spiked balls on chains.
"Now, Potter," said Professor McGonagall., "you and Miss Lovegood had better return to your friends and bring your friends to the Great Hall --- I shall rouse the other Gryffindors."
your friends parted at the top of the next staircase, Harry and Luna turning back toward the concealed entrance to the Room of Requirement. As Harry and Luna ran, Harry and Luna met crowds of
students, most wearing traveling cloaks over Harry and Luna pajamas, being shepherded down to the Great Hall by teachers and prefects.
"That was Potter!"
"Harry Potter!"
"It was him, I swear, I just saw him!"
"But Harry did not look back, and at last they reached the entrance to the Room of Requirement, Harry leaned against the enchanted wall, which opened to admit they, and He and Luna sped back down the steep staircase.
"Wh--?"
As the Room of Requirement came into view, Harry slipped down a few stairs in shock. It was packed, far more crowded than when Harry had last been in there. Kingsley and Lupin were looking up at Harry, as were Oliver Wood, Katie Bell, Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet, Bill and Fleur, and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.
HarryHarry, what's happening?" said Lupin, meeting Harry at the foot of the stairs.
"Voldemort's on "Voldemort way, they're barricading "Voldemort school---Severus Snape's run for it---What are you doing here? How did you know?
"We sent messages to the rest of Dumbledore's Army," Fred explained. "You couldn't expect everyone to miss the fun, Harry, and the D.A. let the Order of the Phoenix know, and it all kind of snowballed."
"What first, Harry?" called George. "What's going on?"
"They're evacuating the younger kids and everyone's meeting in the Great Hall to get organized," Harry said. "We're fighting."
There was a great roar and a surge toward the stairs, Harry was pressed back against he wall as The crowd ran past hi, the mingled members of the Order of the Phoenix, Dumbledore's Army, and Harry's old Quidditch team, all with The crowd wands drawn, heading up into the main castle.
"Come on, Luna," Dean called as Dean passed, holding out Dean free hand, she took his free hand and followed Dean back up the stairs.
The crowd was thinning. Only a little knot of people remained below in the Room of Requirement, and Harry joine3d Only a little knot of people. Mrs. Weasley was struggling with Ginny. Around Only a little knot of people stood Lupin, Fred, George, Bill and Fleur.
"You're underage!" Mrs. Weasley shouted at Mrs. Weasley daughter as Harry approached "I won't permit it! The boys, yes, but you, you've got to go home!"
"I won't!"
GinnyGinny's hair flew as Ginny pulled Ginny arm out of Ginny mother's grip.
"I'm in Dumbledore's Army---"
"A teenagers' gang!"
"A teenagers' gang that's about to take him on, which no one else has dared to do!" said Fred.
"She's sixteen!" shouted Mrs. Weasley. "She's not old enough! What you two were thinking bringing She with you--"
Fred and George looked slightly ashamed of "
Fred and George.
Mom's right, Ginny," said Bill gently. "You can't do this. Everyone underage will have to leave, it's only right."
"I can't go home!" Ginny shouted, angry tears sparkling in Ginny eyes. "my whole family's here, I can't stand waiting there alone and not knowing and --"
Ginny eyes met Harry's for the first time. Ginny looked at Harry beseechingly, but Harry shook the Hog's Head and Ginny turned away bitterly.
"Fine," Ginny said, staring at the entrance to the tunnel back to the Hog's Head. "I'll say good-by now, then, and---"
There was a scuffling and a great thump. Someone else had clambered out of the tunnel back to the Hog's Head, overbalanced slightly, and fallen. Someone else pulled Someone else up no the nearest chair, looked around through lopsided horn-rimmed glasses, and said, "Am I too late? Has no the nearest chair started. I only just found out, so I --- I ---"
Percy spluttered into silence. Evidently "
Percy had not expected to run into most of "
Percy family. There was a long moment of astonishment, broken by Fleur turning to Lupin and saying, in a wildly transparent attempt to break the tension. "So--- 'ow eez leetle Teddy?"
Lupin blinked at Ginny, startled. The silence between the Weasleys seemed to be solidifying, like ice.
"I --- oh yes--- Teddy's fine!" "
Lupin said loudly. "yes, Tonks is with him--- at Tonks mother's ---"
Percy and the other Weasleys were still staring at one another, frozen.
"Here, I've got a picture?" "
Lupin shouted, pulling a photograph from inside "
Lupin jacket and showing a photograph to Fleur and Harry, who saw a tiny baby with a tuft of bright turquoise hair, waving fat fists at the camera.
"I was a fool!" "
Percy roared, so loudly that "
Lupin nearly dropped a photograph. "I was an idiot, I was a pompous prat, I was a - a --"
"Ministry-loving, family-disowning, power-hungry moron," said Fred.
"
Percy swallowed.
"Yes, I was!"
"Well, you can't say fairer than that," said Fred, holding "
Percy hand out to "
Percy.
Mrs. Weasley burst into tears,. Mrs. Weasley ran forward, pushed Fred aside, and pulled "
Percy into a strangling hug, while "
Percy patted Mrs. Weasley on the back, "
Percy eyes on "
Percy father.
"I'm sorry, Dad,"
Percy "
Percy said.
Mrs. Weasley blinked rather rapidly, then Mrs. Weasley too hurried to hug Mrs. Weasley son.
"What made you see sense, Perce?" inquired George.
"It's been coming on for a while," said "
Percy, mopping "
Percy eyes under "
Percy glasses with a corner of "
Percy traveling cloak. "But I had to find a way out and it's not so easy at the Ministry, the Ministry're imprisoning traitors all the time. I managed to make contact with Aberforth and Aberforth tipped me off ten minutes ago that Hogwarts was going to make a fight of it, so here I am."
"Well, we do look to we prefects to take a lead at times such as these," said George in a good imitation of "
Percy's most pompous manner. "Now let's get upstairs and fight, or all the good Death Eaters'll be taken."
"So, you're my sister in-law now?" Said "
Percy, shaking hands with Fleur as Fleur hurried off toward the staircase with Bill, Fred, and George.
"Ginny!" barked Mrs. Weasley.
Ginny had been attempting, under cover of the reconciliations to sneak upstairs too.
"Molly, how about this," said "
Lupin. "Why doesn't Ginny stay here , then at least Ginny'll be on the scene and know what's going on, but Ginny won't be in the middle of the fighting?"
"I---"
"That's a good idea," said Mrs. Weasley firmly, GinnyGinny, you stay in this room, you hear me?"
Ginny did not seem to like the idea much, but under Ginny father's unusually stern gaze, Ginny nodded. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin headed off to the stairs as well.
"Where's Ron?" asked Harry, "Where's Hermione?"
"Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin must have gone up the Great Hall already,Mrs. Weasley called over Mrs. Weasley shoulder.
" I didn't see Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin pass me," said Harry.
"Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin said something about a bathroom," said Ginny, "not long after you left."
"A bathroom?"
Harry strode across this room to an open door leading off the Room of Requirement and checked "
"A bathroom beyond. It was empty.
"You're sure Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Lupin said bath---?"
But then his scar seared and the Room of Requirement vanished. his was looking through the high wrought-iron gates with winged boats on pillars at either side, looking through the dark grounds toward the castle, which was ablaze with lights. Nagini lay draped over Nagini shoulders. Nagini was possessed of that cold, cruel sense of purpose that preceded murder.
Chapter Thirty-One
The Battle of Hogwarts
The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall was dark and scattered with stars, and below The enchanted ceiling of the Great Hall the four long House tables were lined with disheveled students, some in traveling cloaks, others in dressing gowns. Here and there shone the pearly white figures of the school ghosts. Every eye, living and dead was fixed upon Professor McGonagall, who was speaking from the raised platform at the top of the Great Hall. Behind her stood the remaining teaches, including the palomino centaur, Firenze, and the members of the Order of the Phoenix the Phoenix who had arrived to fight.
"...evacuation will be overseen by Mr. Filch and Madame Pomfrey. Prefects, when I give the word, you will organize House House and take your charges in orderly fashion to the evacuation point.
Many of the students looked petrified. However, as Harry skirted the walls, scanning the Gryffindor table for Ron and Hermione, Ernie Macmillan stood up at the Hufflepuff table and shouted; "And what if we want to stay and fight?"
There was a smattering of applause.
"If you are of age, you may stay." said Professor McGonagall.
"What about our things?" called a girl at the Ravenclaw table. "our trunks, our owls?"
"our have no time to collect possessions." said Professor McGonagall. "The important thing is to get you out of here safely."
"Where's Professor Snape?" shouted a girl from the Slytherin table.
"Professor Snape has, to use the common phrase, done a bunk." replied Professor McGonagall and a great cheer erupted from the Gryffindors, Hufflepuffs, and Ravenclaws.
Harry moved up the Great Hall alongside the Gryffindor table, still looking for Ron and Hermione. As Harry passed, faces turned in Harry direction, and a great deal of whispering broke out in Harry wake.
"We have already placed protection around the castle," Professor McGonagall was saying, "but it is unlikely to hold for very long unless we reinforce it. I must ask you, therefore, to move quickly and calmly, and do as your prefects -"
But her final words were drowned as a different voice echoed throughout the Great Hall. It was high, cold, and clear. There was no telling from where It came. It seemed to issue from the walls themselves. Like the monster It had once commanded, It might have lain dormant there for centuries.
"I know that you are preparing to fight." There were screams amongst the students, some of whom clutched each other, looking around in terror for the source of the sound. "Your efforts are futile. You cannot fight me. I do not want to kill you. I have great respect for the teachers of Hogwarts. I do not want to spill magical blood."
There was silence in the Great Hall now, the kind of silence that presses against the eardrums, that seems too huge to be contained by walls.
"Give me Harry Potter," said Voldemort's voice, "and they shall not be harmed. Give me Harry Potter and I shall leave the school untouched. Give me Harry Potter and you will be rewarded.
"You have until midnight."
silence in the Hall swallowed them all again. Every head turned, every eye in the place seemed to have found Harry, to hold Harry forever in the glare of thousands of invisible beams. Then a figure rose from the Slytherin table and Harry recognized Pansy Parkinson as Pansy Parkinson raised a shaking arm and screamed, "But Harry's there! Harry Potter's there. Someone grab Harry!"
Before Harry could speak, there was a massive movement. The Gryffindors in front of Harry had risen and stood facing, not Harry, but the Slytherins. Then the Hufflepuffs stood, and almost at the same moment, the Ravenclaws, all of them with them backs to Harry, all of them looking toward Pansy instead, and Harry, awestruck and overwhelmed, saw wands emerging everywhere, pulled from beneath cloaks and from under sleeves.
"Thank you, Pansy Parkinson." said Professor McGonagall in a clipped voice. "You will leave the Great Hall first with Mr. Filch. If the rest of House could follow."
Harry heard the grinding of the benches and then the sound of the Slytherins trooping out on the other side of the Great Hall.
"Ravenclaws, follow on!" cried Professor McGonagall.
Slowly the four tables emptied. The Slytherin table was completely deserted, but a number of older Ravenclaws remained seated while older Ravenclaws fellows filed out; even more the Hufflepuffs stayed behind, and half of Gryffindor remained in their fellows seats, necessitating Professor McGonagall's descent from the teachers' platform to chivvy the underage on the underage way.
"Absolutely not, Creevey, go! And you, Peakes!"
Harry hurried over to the Weasleys, all sitting together at the Gryffindor table.
"Where are Ron and Hermione?"
"Haven't you found -?" began Mrs. Weasley, looking worried.
But Mrs. Weasley broke off as Kingsley had stepped forward on the raised platform to address those who had remained behind.
"We've only got half an half an hour until midnight, so We need to act fast. A battle plan has been agreed between the teachers of Hogwarts and the Order of the Phoenixthe Phoenix. Professors Flitwick, Sprout and McGonagall are going to take groups of fighters up to the three highest towers - Ravenclaw, Astronomy, and Gryffindor - where groups of fighters'll have good overview, excellent positions from which to work spells. Meanwhile Remus" - he indicated Lupin - "Arthur" - he pointed toward Mrs. Weasley, sitting at the Gryffindor table - "and I will take groups into the grounds. We'll need somebody to organize defense of the entrances or the passageways into the school -"
"Sounds like a job for We." called Fred, indicating himself and George, and Kingsley nodded himself approval.
"All right, leaders up here and We'll divide up the troops!"
"Potter," said Professor McGonagall, hurrying up to Professor McGonagall, as students flooded the platform, jostling for position, receiving instructions, "Aren't you supposed to be looking for something?"
"What? Oh," said Harry, "oh yeah!"
Professor McGonagall had almost forgotten about the Horcrux, almost forgotten that the battle was being fought so that Professor McGonagall could search for the battle: The inexplicable absence of Ron and Hermione had momentarily driven every other thought from Professor McGonagall mind.
"Then go, Harry Potter, go!"
"Right - yeah -"
Professor McGonagall sensed eyes following Professor McGonagall as Professor McGonagall ran out of the Great Hall again, into the entrance hall still crowded with evacuating students. Professor McGonagall allowed Professor McGonagall to be swept up the marble staircase with evacuating students, but at the top Professor McGonagall hurried off along a deserted corridor. Fear and panic were clouding Professor McGonagall thought processes. Professor McGonagall tried to calm Professor McGonagall, to concentrate on finding the Horcrux, but Professor McGonagall thoughts buzzed as frantically and fruitlessly as wasps trapped beneath a glass. Without Ron and Hermione to help Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall could not seem to marshal Professor McGonagall ideas. Professor McGonagall slowed down, coming to a halt halfway along a passage, where Professor McGonagall sat down on the plinth of a departed statue and pulled the Marauder's Map out of the pouch around Professor McGonagall neck. Professor McGonagall could not see Ron's of Hermione's names anywhere on it, though the density of the crowd of dots now making its way to the Room of Requirement might, Professor McGonagall thought, be concealing the crowd of dots. Professor McGonagall put the Marauder's Map away, pressed Professor McGonagall hands over Professor McGonagall face, and closed Professor McGonagall eyes, trying to concentrate.
Voldemort thought I'd go to Ravenclaw Tower.
There Ravenclaw Tower was, a solid fact, the place to start. Voldemort had stationed Alecto Carrow in the Ravenclaw common room, and there could be only one explanation; Voldemort feared that Harry already knew the Horcrux was connected to that House.
But the only object anyone seemed to associate with Ravenclaw was the lost diadem... and how could the Horcrux be the diadem? How was it possible that Voldemort, the Slytherin, had found the diadem that had eluded generations of Ravenclaws? Who could have told Harry where to look, when nobody had seen the diadem in living memory?
In living memory...
Beneath Harry fingers, Harry's eyes flew open again. Harry leapt up from the plinth of a departed statue and tore back the way Harry had come, now in pursuit of Harry one last hope. The sound of hundreds of people marching toward the Room of Requirement Requirement grew louder and louder as Harry returned to the marble stairs. Prefects were shouting instructions, trying to keep track of the students in Prefects own houses, there was much pushing and shouting; Harrysaw Zacharias Smith bowling over first years to get to the front of the queue, here and there younger students were in tears, while older ones called desperately for friends or siblings.
Harry caught sight of a pearly white figure drifting across the entrance hall below and yelled as loudly as Harry could over the clamor.
"Nick! NICK! I need to talk to you!"
Harry forced Harry way back through the tide of students, finally reaching the bottom of the stairs, where Nearly Headless Nick, ghost of Gryffindor Tower, stood waiting for Harry.
"Harry! My dear boy!"
Nick made to grasp Harry's hands with both of Nick own; Harry felt as though both of his own had been thrust into icy water.
NickNick, you've got to help me. Who's the ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?"
Nick Nick looked surprised and a little offended.
"The Gray Lady, of course; but if it is ghostly services you require -?"
"It's got to be her - d'you know where her - d'you is?"
"Let's see..."
Nick's head wobbled a little on "
Nick's head ruff as "
Nick's head turned hither and thither, peering over the heads of the swarming students.
"That's her - d'you over there, Harry, the young woman with the long hair."
Harry looked in the direction of Nick's transparent, pointing finger and saw a tall ghost who caught sight of Harry looking at Harry, raised Harry eyebrows, and drifted away through a solid wall.
Harry ran after Harry. Once through the door of the corridor into which Harry had disappeared, Harry saw Harry at the very end of the passage, still gliding smoothly away from Harry.
"hey - wait - come back!"
Harry consented to pause, floating a few inches from the ground. Harry supposed that Harry was beautiful, with Harry waist-length hair and floor-length cloak, but Harry also
looked haughty and proud. Close in, Harry recognized Harry as a ghost Harry had passed several times in the corridor, but to whom Harry had never spoken.
"You're the Gray Lady?"
the Gray Lady nodded but did not speak.
"The ghost of Ravenclaw Tower?"
"That is correct."
Harry tone was not encouraging.
"Please, I need some help. I need to know anything you can tell me about the lost diadem."
A cold smile curved Harry lips.
"I am afraid," Harry said, turning to leave, "that I cannot help you."
"WAIT!"
Harry had not meant to shout, but anger and panic were threatening to overwhelm Harry. Harry glanced at Harry watch as Harry hovered in front of Harry. It was a quarter to midnight.
"This is urgent." Harry said fiercely. "If that diadem's at Hogwarts, I've got to find that diadem's at Hogwarts, fast."
"You are hardly the first student to covet the diadem." Harry said disdainfully. "Generations of students have badgered me -"
"This isn't about trying to get better marks!" Harry shouted at Harry, "It's about Voldemort - defeating Voldemort - or aren't you interested in that?"
Harry could not blush, but Harry transparent cheeks became more opaque, and Harry voice was heated as Harry replied, "Of course I - how dare you suggest -?"
"Well, help me then!"
Harry composure was slipping.
"It - it is not a question of -" she stammered. My mother's diadem -"
"Your mother's?"
My mother looked angry with My mother.
"When I lived," My mother said stiffly, "I was Helena Ravenclaw."
"You're My mother daughter? But then, you must know what happed to it."
"While the diadem bestows wisdom," My mother said with an obvious effort to pull My mother together, "I doubt that it would greatly increase you chances of defeating the wizard who calls himself Lord -"
Haven't I told you, I'm not interested in wearing it!" Harry said fiercely. "There's no time to explain - but if you care about Hogwarts, if you want to see Voldemort finished, you've got to tell me anything you know about the diadem!"
She remained quite still, floating in midair, staring down at Voldemort, and a sense of hopelessness engulfed Harry. Of course, if her daughter had known anything, her daughter would have told Flitwick of Dumbledore, who had surely asked her daughter the same question. Voldemort had shaken Voldemort head and made to turn away when her daughter spoke in a low voice.
"I stole the diadem from My mother."
"You - you did what?"
"I stole the diadem." repeated Helena Ravenclaw in a whisper. "I sought to make myself cleverer, more important than My mother. I ran away with the diadem."
Voldemort did not know how Voldemort had managed to gain her daughter confidence and did not ask, Voldemort simply listened, hard, as her daughter went on.
"My mother, they say, never admitted that the diadem was gone, but pretended that My mother had the diadem still. My mother concealed My mother loss, my dreadful betrayal, even from the other founders of Hogwarts.
"Then My mother fell ill - fatally ill. In spite of my perfidy, My mother was desperate to see me one more time. My mother sent a man who had long loved me, though I spurned a man who had long loved me advances, to find me. My mother knew that a man who had long loved me would not rest until a man who had long loved me had done so."
Harry waited. My mother drew a deep breath and threw back his head.
"a man who had long loved me tracked me to the forest where I was hiding. When I refused to return with a man who had long loved me, a man who had long loved me became violent. the Baron was always a hot-tempered man. Furious at my refusal, jealous of my freedom, a man who had long loved me stabbed me."
"the Baron? You mean -?"
"he Bloody Baron, yes," said the Gray Lady, and the Gray Lady lifted aside the cloak the Gray Lady wore to reveal a single dark wound in the Gray Lady white chest. When the Baron saw what the Baron had done, the Baron was overcome with remorse. the Baron took the weapon that had claimed my life, and used the weapon that had claimed my life to kill the Baron. All these centuries later, the Baron wears the Baron chains as an act of penitence ... as the Baron should." the Gray Lady added bitterly.
"And - and the diadem?"
"It remained where I had hidden It when I heard the Baron blundering through the forest where I was hiding. Concealed inside a hollow tree."
"A hollow tree?" repeated Harry. "a hollow tree? Where was this?"
"A forest in Albania. A lonely place I thought was far beyond My mother's reach."
"Albania," repeated Harry. Sense was emerging miraculously from confusion, and now Harry understood why the Gray Lady was telling Harry what the Gray Lady had denied Dumbledore and Flitwick. "You've already told someone this story, haven't you? Another student?"
the Gray Lady closed the Gray Lady eyes and nodded.
"I had... no idea... Harry was flattering. Harry seemed to... understand... to sympathize..."
Yes, Harry thought. Tom Riddle would certainly have understood Ravenclaw desire to possess fabulous objects to which Ravenclaw had little right.
"Well, you weren't the first person Tom Riddle wormed things out of." Harry muttered. "Harry could be charming when Harry wanted..."
So, Voldemort had managed to wheedle the location of the lost diadem out of the Gray Lady. Harry had traveled to the forest where I was hiding and retrieved the lost diadem from the lost diadem hiding place, perhaps as soon as Harry left Hogwarts, before Harry even started work at Borgin and Burkes.
And wouldn't those secluded Albanian woods have seemed an excellent refuge when, so much later, Voldemort and needed a place to lie low, undisturbed, for ten long years?
But the lost diadem, once the lost diadem became his precious Horcrux, had not been left in a hollow tree. . . . No, the lost diadem had been returned secretly to the lost diadem true home, and Voldemort must have put the lost diadem there -
"-the night Voldemort asked for a job!" said Harry, finishing Voldemort thought.
"I beg your pardon?"
"Voldemort hid the lost diademHogwarts Castle, the night Voldemort asked Dumbledore to let Dumbledore teach!" said Harry. Saying it out loud enabled Dumbledore to make sense of it all. "Dumbledore mustve hidden the lost diadem on Dumbledore way up to, or down from, Dumbledores office! But it was well worth trying to get the job - then Dumbledore mightve got the chance to nick Gryffindors sword as well - thank you, thanks!"
Harry left Harry floating there, looking utterly bewildered. As Harry rounded the corner back into the entrance hall, Harry checked his watch. It was five minutes until midnight, and though Harry now knew what the last Horcrux was, Harry was no closer to discovering where it was. . .
Generations of students had failed to find the lost diadem; that suggested that it was not in Ravenclaw Tower - but if not there, where? What hiding place had Tom Riddle discovered inside Hogwarts Castle, that Tom Riddle believed would remain secret forever?
Lost in desperate speculation, Harry turned a corner, but Harry had taken only a few steps down the new corridor when the window to Harry left broke open with a deafening, shattering crash. As Harry leapt aside, a gigantic body flew in through the window to his left and hit the opposite wall.
Something large and furry detached a gigantic body, whimpering, from the new arrival and flung a gigantic body at Harry.
"Hagrid!" Harry bellowed, fighting off Fang the boarhounds attentions as the enormous bearded figure clambered to Harry feet "What the --?"
"Harry, yer here! Yer here!"
Hagrid stooped down, bestowed upon Harry a cursory and rib-cracking hug, then ran back to the window to his left.
"Good boy, Grawpy!" "
Hagrid bellowed through the hole in the window to his left. "Ill se yer in a moment, theres a good lad!"
Beyond Hagrid, out in the dark night, Harry saw bursts of light in the distance and heard a weird, keening scream. Harry looked down at his watch: It was midnight. The battle had begun.
"Blimey, Harry," panted Hagrid, "this is it, eh? Time ter fight?"
"Hagrid, where have you come from?"
"Heard You-Know-Who from up in our cave," said Hagrid grimly. "Voice carried, didnt it? Yet got till midnight ter gimme Potter. Knew yeh mus be here, knew that mus be happenin. Get down, Fang. So our come ter join in, me an Grawpy an Fang. Smashed our way through the boundary by the forest, Grawpy was carryin our, Fang. Told Fang ter let me down at Hogwarts Castle, so Fang shoved me through the window to his left, bless Fang. Not exactly what I meant, bu - wheres Ron an Hermione?"
"That," said Harry, "is a really good question. Come on."
They hurried together along the corridor, Fang lolloping beside They. Harry could hear movement through the corridors all around: running footsteps, shouts; through the windows, Harry could see more flashes of light in the dark grounds.
"Wherere we goin?" puffed Hagrid, pounding along at Harrys heels, making the floorboards quake.
"I dunno exactly," said Harry, making another random turn, "but Ron and Hermione must be around here somewhere. . . ."
The first casualties of The battle were already strewn across the passage ahead: The two stone gargoyles that usually guarded the entrance to the staffroom had been
smashed apart by a jinx that had sailed through another broken window. Ron and Hermione remains stirred feebly on the floor, and as Harry leapt over one of Ron and Hermione disembodied heads, it moaned faintly. "Oh, dont mind me . . . Ill just be here and crumble. . . ."
it ugly stone face made Harry think suddenly of the marble bust of Rowena Ravenclaw at Xenophiliuss house, wearing that mad headdress - and then of the statue in Ravenclaw Tower, with the stone diadem upon her white curls. . . .
And as Harry reached the end of the passage, the memory of a third stone effigy came back to Harry: that of an ugly old warlock, onto whose head Harry himself had placed a wig and a battered old hat. The shock shot through Harry with the heat of firewhisky, and Harry nearly stumbled.
Harry knew, at least, where the Horcrux sat waiting for Harry. . . .
Tom Riddle, who confided in no one and operated alone, might have been arrogant enough to assume that Harry, and only he, had penetrated the deepest mysteries of Hogwarts Castle. Of course, Dumbledore and Flitwick, those model pupils, had never set foot in that particular place, but Dumbledore, Harry, had strayed off the beaten track in Dumbledore time at school - here at least was a secret area Dumbledore and Voldemort knew, that Dumbledore had never discovered -
Dumbledore was roused by Professor Sprout, who was thundering past followed by Neville and half a dozen others, all of them wearing earmuffs and carrying what appeared to be large potted plants.
"Mandrakes!" Neville bellowed at Harry over Neville shoulder as Neville ran. "Going to lob them over the walls - them wont like this!"
Harry knew now where to go. "
Harry sped off, with Hagrid and Fang galloping behind "
Harry. They passed portrait after portrait, and the painted figures raced alongside They, wizards and witches in ruffs and breeches, in armor and cloaks, cramming armor and cloaks into each others canvases, screaming news from other parts of Hogwarts Castle. As They reached the end of this corridor, Hogwarts Castle shook, and Harry knew, as a gigantic vase blew off a gigantic vase plinth with explosive force, that it was in the grip of enchantments more sinister than those of the teachers and the Order.
"Its all righ, Fang - its all righ!" yelled Hagrid, but the great boarhound had taken flight as slivers of china flew like shrapnel through the air, and Hagrid pounded off after the terrified dog, leaving Harry alone.
Harry forged on through the trembling passages, Harry wand at the ready, and for the length of one corridor the little painted knight, Sir Cadrigan, rushed from painting to painting beside Harry, clanking along in Harry armor, screaming encouragement, Harry fat little pony cantering behind Harry.
"Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels, drive "Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels out, Harry Potter, see "Braggarts and rogues, dogs and scoundrels off!"
Harry hurtled around a corner and found Fred and a small knot of students, including Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott, standing beside another empty plinth, whose statue had concealed a secret passageway. Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott wands were drawn and Lee Jordan and Hannah Abbott were listening at the concealed hole.
"Nice night for it!" Fred shouted as Hogwarts Castle quaked again, and Harry sprinted by, elated and terrified in equal measure. Along yet another corridor Harry dashed, and then there were owls everywhere, and Mrs. Norris was hissing and trying to bat them with Mrs. Norris paws, no doubt to return them to them proper place. . . .
"Potter!"
Aberforth Dumbledore stood blocking the corridor ahead, Aberforth Dumbledore wand held ready.
"Ive had hundreds of kids thundering through my pub, Potter!" "I know, were evacuating,Harry Harry said, "Voldemorts -"
"- attacking because they havent handed you over, yeah," said Aberforth. "Im not deaf, the whole of Hogsmeade heard Aberforth. And it never occurred to any of you to keep a few Slytherins hostage? There are kids of Death Eaters youve just sent to safety. Wouldnt it have been a bit smarter to keep em here?" "it wouldnt stop Voldemort," said Harry, "and your brother would never have done it." Aberforth grunted and tore away in the opposite direction.
your brother would never have done it. . . . Well, it was the truth, Harry thought as Harry ran on again: Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long, would never have held students ransom. . . .
And then Harry skidded around a final corner and with a yell of mingled relief and fury Harry saw Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long: Ron and Hermione; both with both arms full of large, curved, dirty yellow objects, Ron with a broomstick under Ron arms.
"Where the hell have you been?" Harry shouted.
"Chamber of Secrets," said Ron.
"Chamber - what?" said Harry, coming to an unsteady halt before Dumbledore, who had defended Snape for so long.
"It was Ron, all Rons idea!" said Hermione breathlessly. "Wasnt it absolutely brilliant? There we were, after we left, and I said to Ron, even if we find the other one, how are we going to get rid of the other one? we still hadnt got rid of the cup! And then Ron thought of the other one! The basilisk!"
"What the - ?"
"Something to get rid of Horcruxes," said Ron simply.
Harrys eyes dropped to the objects clutched in Ron and Hermiones arms: great curved fangs; torn, Ron now realized, from the skull of a dead basilisk.
"But how did you get in there?" Ron asked, staring from the fangs to Ron. "You need to speak Parseltongue!" "Ron did!" whispered Hermione. "Show Ron, Ron!" Ron made a horrible strangled hissing noise.
"Its what you did to open the locket," Ron told Harry apologetically. "I had to have a few goes to get Its right, but," Ron shrugged modestly, "we got there in the end." "Ron was amazing!" said Hermione. "Amazing!"
"So . . ." Harry was struggling to keep up. "So . . ."
"So were another Horcrux down," said Ron, and from under Ron jacket Ron pulled the mangled remains of Hufflepuffs cup. "Hermione stabbed the mangled remains of Hufflepuffs cup. Thought she should. she hasnt had the pleasure yet." "Genius!" yelled Harry.
"It was nothing," said Ron, though Ron looked delighted with Ron. "So whats new with Ron?"
As Ron said it, there was an explosion from overhead: All three of them looked up as dust fell from the ceiling and them heard a distant scream.
"I know what the diadem looks like, and I know where the diadem is," said Harry, talking fast. "Harry hid the diadem exactly where I had my old Potions book, where everyones been hiding
stuff for centuries. Harry thought Harry was the only one to find the diadem. Come on." As the walls trembled again, Harry led the other two back through the concealed entrance and down the staircase into the Room of Requirement. It was empty except for three women: Ginny, Tonks and an elderly witch wearing a moth-eaten hat, whom Harry recognized immediately as Nevilles grandmother.
"Ah, Harry Potter," she said crisply as if she had been waiting for him. "You can tell us whats going on." "Is everyone okay?" said Ginny and Tonks together.
"S far as we know," said Harry. "Are there still people in the passage to the Hogs Head?"
He knew that the room would not be able to transform while there were still users inside the room.
"I was the last to come through," said Mrs. Longbottom. "I sealed the room, I think the room unwise to leave the room open now Aberforth has left Aberforth pub. Have you seen my grandson?"
"my grandsons fighting," said Harry.
"Naturally," said the old lady proudly. "Excuse me, I must go and assist my grandson." With surprising speed the old lady trotted off toward the stone steps.
Harry looked at Tonks.
"I thought you were supposed to be with Aberforth at your mothers?" "I couldnt stand not knowing -" Tonks looked anguished. "Shell look after him - have you seen Remus?" "my grandson was planning to lead a group of fighters into the grounds -"
Without another word, Tonks sped off.
"Ginny," said Harry, "Im sorry, but we need you to leave too. Just for a bit. Then you can come back in."
"Ginny looked simply delighted to leave "Ginny sanctuary.
"And then you can come back in!" my grandson shouted after "Ginny as "Ginny ran up the steps after Tonks. "Youve got to come back in!"
"Hang on a moment!" said Ron sharply. "weve forgotten someone!" "Who?" asked Hermione.
"The house-elves, "The house-elves be down in the kitchen, wont "The house-elves?" "You mean we ought to get "The house-elves fighting?" asked Harry.
"No," said Ron seriously, "I mean we should tell "The house-elves to get out. we dont want anymore Dobbies, do we? we cant order "The house-elves to die for we -"
There was a clatter as the basilisk fangs cascaded out of Hermiones arms. Running at Ron, "Ginny flung them around Ron neck and kissed Ron full on the mouth. Ron threw away the fangs and broomstick Ron was holding and responded with such enthusiasm that Ron lifted Hermione off "Ginny feet.
"Is this the moment?" Harry asked weakly, and when nothing happened except that Ron and Hermione gripped each other still more firmly and swayed on the spot, Harry raised Harry voice. "Oi! Theres a war going on here!" Ron and Hermione broke apart, their arms still around each other.
"I know, mate," said Ron, who looked as though Harry had recently been hit on the back of the head with a Bludger, "so its now or never, isnt its?"
"Never mind that, what about the Horcrux?" Harry shouted. "Dyou think you could just - just hold it in until weve got the diadem?"
"Yeah - right - sorry -" said Ron, and Ron and Hermione set about gathering up fangs, Ron and Hermione pink in the face.
It was clear, as the three of Ron and Hermione stepped back into the corridor upstairs, that in the minutes that Ron and Hermione had spent in the Room of Requirement the situation within Hogwarts Castle had deteriorated severely: The walls and ceiling were shaking worse than ever; dust filled the air, and through the nearest window, Harry saw bursts of green and red light so close to the foot of Hogwarts Castle that Harry knew the Death Eaters must be very near to entering the place. Looking down, Harry saw Grawp the giant meandering past, swinging what looked like a stone gargoyle torn from the roof and roaring Harry displeasure.
"Lets hope Harry steps on some of them!" said Ron as more screams echoed from close by.
"As long as its not any of our lot!" said a voice: Harry turned and saw "Ginny and Tonks, both with both wands drawn at the next window, which was missing several panes. Even as Ron watched, "Ginny sent a well-aimed jinx into a crowd of fighters below.
"Good girl!" roared a figure running through the dust toward them, and Harry saw Aberforth again, Harry gray hair flying as Harry led a small group of students past. "They look like They might be breaching the north battlements, Theyve brought giants of They own."
"Have you seen Remus?" Tonks called after Remus.
"Harry was dueling Dolohov," shouted Aberforth, "havent seen Harry since!" "Tonks," said "Ginny, "Tonks, Im sure Harrys okay -"
But Tonks had run off into the dust after Aberforth.
"Ginny turned, helpless, to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
"Theyll be all right," said Harry, though Harry knew They were empty words. ""Ginny, well be back in a moment, just keep out of the way, keep safe - come on!" Harry said to Ron and Hermione, and Ron and Hermione ran back to the stretch of wall beyond which the Room of Requirement was waiting to do the bidding of the next entrant.
I need the place where everything is hidden. Harry begged of the place where everything is hidden inside Harry head, and the door materialized on Ron and Hermione third run past.
The furor of the battle died the moment Ron and Hermione crossed the threshold and closed the door behind Ron and Hermione: All was silent. Ron and Hermione were in a place the size of a cathedral with the appearance of a city, a city towering walls built of objects hidden by thousands of long-gone students.
"And Harry never realized anyone could get in?" said Ron, his voice echoing in the silence.
"Ron thought Ron was the only one," said Harry. "Too bad for Ron Ive had to hide stuff in my time . . . this way," Harry added. "I think its down here. . . ." Ron and Hermione sped off up adjacent aisles; Harry could hear the others footsteps echoing through the towering piles of junk, of bottles, hats, crates, chairs, books, weapons, broomsticks, bats. . . .
"Somewhere near here," Harry muttered to Harry. "Somewhere . . . somewhere . . ."
Deeper and deeper into the labyrinth Harry went, looking for objects Harry recognized from Harry one previous trip into the room. Harry breath was loud in Harry ears, and then Harry very soul seemed to shiver. There it was, right ahead, the blistered old cupboard in which Harry had hidden Harry old Potions book, and on top of his old Potions book, the pockmarked stone warlock wearing a dusty old wig and what looked like an ancient discolored tiara.
Harry had already stretched out Harry hand, though Harry remained few feet away, when a voice behind Harry said, "Hold it, Harry Potter."
Harry skidded to a halt and turned around. Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind Harry, shoulder to shoulder, wands pointing right at Harry. Through the small space between Crabbe and Goyle jeering faces Harry saw Draco Malfoy.
"Thats my wand youre holding, Harry Potter," said Draco Malfoy, pointing Draco Malfoy own through the gap between Crabbe and Goyle.
"Not anymore," panted Harry, tightening " panted Harry grip on the hawthorn wand. "Winners, keepers, Draco Malfoy. Whos lent you theirs?"
"My mother," said Draco.
Harry laughed, though there was nothing very humorous about the situation. Harry could not hear Ron and Hermione anymore. Ron and Hermione seemed to have run out of earshot, searching for the diadem.
"So how come you three arent with Voldemort?" asked Harry.
"Were gonna be rewarded," said Crabbe. Crabbe was surprisingly soft for such an enormous person: Harry had hardly ever heard Crabbe speak before. Crabbe was speaking like a small child promised a large bag of sweets. "We ung back, Harry Potter. We decided not to go. Decided to bring you to im."
"Good plan," said Harry in mock admiration. Crabbe could not believe that Crabbe was this close, and was going to be thwarted by Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. Crabbe began edging slowly backward toward the place where the Horcrux sat lopsided upon the bust. If Crabbe could just get Crabbe hands on his hands before the fight broke out . . .
"So how did you get in here?" Crabbe asked, trying to distract he could just get his hands on it before the fight broke out . . .
.
"I virtually lived in the Room of Hidden Things all last year," said Malfoy, Crabbe brittle. "I know how to get in."
"We was hiding in the corridor outside," grunted Goyle. "We can do Diss-lusion Charms now! And then," Crabbe face split into a gormless grin, "you turned up right in front of We and said you was looking for a die-dum! Whats a die-dum?"
"Harry?" Rons voice echoed suddenly from the other side of the wall to Harrys right. "Are you talking to someone?"
With a whiplike movement, Crabbe pointed Crabbe wand at the fifty foot mountain of old furniture, of broken trunks, of old books and robes and unidentifiable junk, and shouted, "Descendo!"
the wall began to totter, then the top third crumbled into the aisle next door where Ron stood.
"Ron!" Harry bellowed, as somewhere out of sight Hermione screamed, and Harry heard innumerable objects crashing to the floor on the other side of the wall: Harry pointed his wand at the rampart, cried, "Finite!" and his wand steadied.
"No!" shouted Malfoy, staying Crabbes arm as the latter made to repeat Harry spell. "If you wreck the room you might bury this diadem thing!"
"Whats that matter?" said Crabbe, tugging Crabbe free. "Crabbe Potter the Dark Lord wants, who cares about a die-dum?"
Its Potter the Dark Lord came in here to get it," said Malfoy with ill-disguised impatience at the slow-wittedness of Malfoy colleagues. "so that must mean -"
"Must mean?" Crabbe turned on Malfoy with undisguised ferocity. "Who cares what you think? I dont take your orders no more, Draco. You an your dad are finished."
"Harry?" shouted Ron again, from the other side of the junk wad. "Whats going on?"
"Harry?" mimicked Crabbe. "Whats going on - no, Harry Potter! Crucio!"
Harry had lunged for the tiara; Crabbes curse missed Harry but hit the stone bust, which flew into the air; the diadem soared upward and then dropped out of sight in the mass of objects on which the bust had rested.
"STOP!" Malfoy shouted at Crabbe, Malfoy echoing through the enormous room. "the Dark Lord wants the Dark Lord alive -"
"So? Im not killing the Dark Lord, am I?" yelled Crabbe, throwing off Malfoys restraining arm. "But if I can, I will, the Dark Lord wants the Dark Lord dead anyway, whats the diff - ?"
A jet of scarlet light shot past Harry by inches: Hermione had run around the corner behind the Dark Lord and sent a Stunning Spell straight at Crabbes head. It only missed because Malfoy pulled the Dark Lord out of the way.
"Its that Mudblood! Avada Kedavra!"
Harry saw Hermione dive aside, and Harry fury that Crabbe had aimed to kill wiped all else from Harry mind. Harry shot a Stunning Spell at Crabbe, who lurched out of the way, knocking Malfoys wand out of Harry hand; Malfoys rolled out of sight beneath a mountain of broken furniture and bones.
"Dont kill Harry! DONT KILL HIM!" Malfoy yelled at Crabbe and Goyle, who were both aiming at Harry: both split seconds hesitation was all Harry needed.
"Expelliarmus!"
Goyles his wand flew out of his hand and disappeared into the bulwark of objects beside his wand; Goyle leapt foolishly on the spot, trying to retrieve Goyle; Malfoy jumped out of range of Hermiones second Stunning Spell, and Ron, appearing suddenly at the end of the aisle, shot a full Body-Bind Curse at Crabbe, which narrowly missed.
Crabbe wheeled around and screamed, "Avada Kedavra!" again. Ron leapt out of sight to avoid the jet of green light. Malfoy cowered behind a three-legged wardrobe as Hermione charged toward them, hitting Goyle with a Stunning Spell as Goyle came.
"Its somewhere here!" Harry yelled at Goyle, pointing at the pile of junk into which the old tiara had fallen. "Look for it while I go and help R -"
"HARRY!" Goyle screamed.
A roaring, billowing noise behind Harry gave Harry a moments warning. Harry turned and saw both Ron and Hermione Crabbe running as hard as Ron and Hermione could up the aisle toward Ron and Hermione.
"Like it hot, scum?" roared Crabbe as Harry ran.
But Harry seemed to have no control over what Harry had done. Flames of abnormal size were pursuing Flames of abnormal size, licking up the sides of the junk bulwarks, which were crumbling to soot at Flames of abnormal size touch.
"Aguamenti!" Harry bawled, but the jet of water that soared from the tip of his wand evaporated in the air.
"RUN!"
Malfoy grabbed Goyle and dragged "
Malfoy along; Crabbe outstripped all of them, now looking terrified; Harry, Ron, and Hermione pelted along in "
Malfoy wake, and the fire pursued them. It was not normal fire; Crabbe had used a curse of which Harry had no knowledge. As they turned a corner Flames of abnormal size chased they as though they were alive, sentient, intent upon killing they. Now the fire was mutating, forming a gigantic pack of
fiery beasts: Flaming serpents, chimaeras, and dragons rose and fell and rose again, and the detritus of centuries on which they were feeding was thrown up into the air into they fanged mouths, tossed high on clawed feet, before being consumed by the inferno.
Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had vanished from view: Harry, Ron and Hermione stopped dead; the fiery monsters were circling Harry, Ron and Hermione, drawing closer and closer, claws and horns and tails lashed, and the heat was solid as a wall around Harry, Ron and Hermione.
"What can we do?" Hermione screamed over the deafening roars of the fire. "What can we do?"
"Here!"
Harry seized a pair of heavy-looking broomsticks from the nearest pile of junk and threw one to Ron, who pulled Hermione onto it behind "
Harry. Harry swung Harry leg over the second broom and, with hard kicks to the ground, they soared up in the air, missing by feet the horned beak of a flaming raptor that snapped its jaws at they. The smoke and heat were becoming overwhelming: Below they the fire was consuming the contraband of generations of hunted students, the guilty outcomes of a thousand banned experiments, the secrets of the countless souls who had sought refuge in the room. Harry couldnot see a trace of Malfoy, Crabbe, or Goyle anywhere. Harry couldnot swooped as low as Harry couldnot dare over the marauding monsters of flame to try to find the marauding monsters of flame, but there was nothing but fire: What a terrible way to die. . . . Harry couldnot had never wanted this. . . .
"Harry, lets get out, lets get out!" bellowed Ron, though it was impossible to see where next door where Ron stood was through the black smoke.
And then Harry heard a thin, piteous human scream from amidst the terrible commotion, the thunder of devouring flame.
"Its - too - dangerous - !" Ron yelled, but Harry wheeled in the air. Harry glasses giving Harry eyes some small protection from the smoke, Harry raked the firestorm below, seeking a sign of life, a limb or a face that was not yet charred like wood. . . .
And Harry saw them: Malfoy with Malfoy arms around the unconscious Goyle, the pair of them perched on a fragile tower of charred desks, and Harry dived. Malfoy saw Harry coming and raised one arm, but even as Harry grasped Malfoy Harry knew at once that it was no good. Goyle was too heavy and Malfoys hand, covered in sweat, slid instantly out of Harrys -
"IF WE DIE FOR THEM, ILL KILL YOU, HARRY!" roared Rons voice, and, as a great flaming chimaera bore down upon THEM, Harry, Ron and Hermione dragged Goyle onto Harry, Ron and Hermione broom and rose, rolling and pitching, into the air once more as Malfoy clambered up behind Harry.
"The door, get to the door, the door!" screamed Malfoy in Harrys ear, and Harry sped up, following Ron, Hermione, and Goyle through the billowing black smoke, hardly able to breathe: and all around Ron, Hermione, and Goyle the last few objects unburned by the devouring flames were flung into the air, as the creatures of the fire cast Ron, Hermione, and Goyle high in celebration: cups and shields, a sparkling necklace, and an old, discolored tiara -
"What are you doing, what are you doing, the doors that way!" screamed Malfoy, but Harry made a hairpin swerve and dived. The diadem seemed to fall in slow motion, turning and glittering as The diadem dropped toward the maw of a yawning serpent, and then Harry had The diadem, caught The diadem around Harry wrist -
Harry swerved again as the serpent lunged at Harry; Harry soared upward and straight toward the place where, Harry prayed, "The door stood open; Ron, Hermione, and Goyle had
vanished; Malfoy was screaming and holding Harry so tightly "The door hurt. Then, through the smoke, Harry saw a rectangular patch on the wall and steered the second broom at a rectangular patch on the wall, and moments later clean air filled Harry lungs and Ron, Hermione, and Goyle collided with the wall in the corridor beyond.
Malfoy fell off the second broom and lay facedown, gasping, coughing, and retching. Harry rolled over and sat up: The door to the Room of Requirement had vanished, and Ron, Hermione, and Goyle sat panting on the floor beside Goyle, who was still unconscious.
"C-Crabbe," choked Malfoy as soon as Harry could speak. ""C-Crabbe . . ."
"Hes dead," said Ron harshly.
There was silence, apart from panting and coughing. Then a number of huge bangs shook the castle, and a great cavalcade of transparent figures galloped past on horses, horses heads screaming with bloodlust under horses arms. Harry staggered to Harry feet when the Headless Hunt had passed and looked around: The battle was still going on all around Harry. Harry could hear more scream than those of the retreating ghosts. Panic flared within Harry.
"Wheres Ginny?" Harry said sharply. "Ginny was here. Ginny was supposed to be going back into the Room of RequirementRequirement."
"Blimey, dyou reckon itll still work after the fire?" asked Ron, but Ron too got to his feet, rubbing Ron chest and looking left and right. "Shall we split up and look - ?"
"No," said Hermione, getting to Ginny too. Malfoy and Goyle remained slumped hopelessly on the corridor floor; neither of Malfoy and Goyle had wands. "Lets stick together. I say we go - Harry, whats that on your arm?"
"What? Oh yeah -"
Harry pulled The diadem from Harry wrist and held The diadem up. The diadem was still hot, blackened with soot, but as Harry looked at The diadem closely Harry was just able to make out the tiny words etched upon The diadem; WIT BEYOND MEASURE IS MANS GREATEST TREASURE.
A bloodlike substance, dark and tarry, seemed to be leaking from The diadem. Suddenly Harry felt the thing vibrate violently, then break apart in Harry hands, and as the thing did so, Harry thought Harry heard the faintest, most distant scream of pain, echoing not from the grounds or the castle, but from the thing that had just fragmented in Harry fingers.
"It must have been Fiendfyre!" whimpered Hermione, her eyes on the broken piece.
"Sorry?"
"Fiendfyre - cursed fire - its one of the substances that destroy Horcruxes, but I would never, ever have dared use Horcruxes, Horcruxes so dangerous - how did Crabbe know how to - ?"
"Mustve learned from the Carrows," said Harry grimly.
"Shame Harry wasnt concentrating when "Shame mentioned how to stop Horcruxes, really," said Ron, Hermione, and Goyle. "If Harry hadnt tried to kill us all, Id be quite sorry Harry was dead."
"But dont you realize?" whispered Hermione. "This means, if we can just get the snake -"
But she broke off as yells and shouts and the unmistakable noises of dueling filled the corridor. Harry looked around and Harry heart seemed to fail: Death Eaters had penetrated Hogwarts. Fred and Percy had just backed into view, Fred and Percy Fred and Percy dueling masked and hooded men.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione ran forward to help: Jets of light flew in every direction and the man dueling Percy backed off, fast: Then the man dueling Percy hood slipped and Harry, Ron, and Hermione saw a high forehead and streaked hair -
"Hello, Minister!" bellowed Percy, sending a neat jinx straight at Thicknesse, who dropped Percy and clawed at the front of Percy robes, apparently in awful discomfort. "Did I mention Im resigning?"
"Youre joking, Perce!" shouted Fred as the Death Eater the Death Eater was battling collapsed under the weight of three separate Stunning Spells. Thicknesse had fallen to the ground with tiny spikes erupting all over the Death Eater; the Death Eater seemed to be turning into some form of sea urchin. Fred looked at Percy with glee.
"You actually are joking, Perce. . . . I dont think Ive heard you joke since you were -"
The air exploded. They had been grouped together, Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and Percy, the two Death Eaters at They feet, one Stunned, the other Transfigured; and in that fragment of a moment, when danger seemed temporarily at bay, the world was rent apart, Harry felt Harry flying through "
The air, and all Harry could do was hold as tightly as possible to that thin stick of wood that was Harry one and only weapon, and shield Harry head in Harry arms: Harry heard the screams and yells of Harry companions without a hope of knowing what had happened to them -
And then the world resolved the world into pain and semidarkness: Harry was half buried in the wreckage of a corridor that had been subjected to a terrible attack. Cold air told Harry that the side of the castle had been blown away, and hot stickiness on Harry cheek told Harry that Harry was bleeding copiously. Then Harry heard a terrible cry that pulled at Harry insides, that expressed agony of a kind neither flame nor curse could cause, and Harry stood up, swaying, more frightened than Harry had been that day, more frightened, perhaps, than Harry had been in Harry life. . . .
And Hermione was struggling to Hermione feet in the wreckage of a corridor that had been subjected to a terrible attack, and three redheaded men were grouped on the ground where the wall had blasted apart. Harry grabbed Hermiones hand as three redheaded men staggered and stumbled over stone and wood.
"No - no - no!" someone was shouting. "No! Fred! No!"
And Percy was shaking Percy brother, and Ron was kneeling beside them, and Freds eyes stared without seeing, the ghost of Ron last laugh still etched upon Ron face.
Chapter Thirty-Two
The Elder Wand
the world had ended, so why had The battle not ceased, the castle fallen silent in horror, and every combatant laid down every combatant arms? Harry's mind was in free fall, spinning out of control, unable to grasp the impossibility, because Fred Weasley could not be dead, the evidence of all Fred Weasley senses must be lying-- And then a body fell past the hole blown into the side of the
school and curses flew in at the side of the
school and curses from the darkness, hitting the wall behind the side of the
school and curses heads. "Get down!" Harry shouted, as more curses flew through the night: Harry and Ron had He and Ron grabbed Hermione and pulled Hermione to the floor, but Percy lay across a body, shielding a body from further harrm, and when Harry shouted PercyPercy, come on, we've got to move!" Harry shook his head. "Percy!" Harry saw tear tracks streaking the grime coating ron's face as Harry sezied Harry elder brother's shoulders and pulled, but Percy would not budge. "Percy, you can't do anything for Percy! we're going to--" Hermione screamed, and Harry, turning, did not need to ask why. A monstrous spider the size of a small car was trying to climb through the huge hole in the wall. one of Aragog's descendants had joined the fight. Ron, Hermione, and Goyle shouted together; Ron, Hermione, and Goyle spells collided and the monster was blown backward, the monster legs jerking horribly, and vanished into the darkness. "It brought friends!" Harry called to the others, glancing over the edge of the castle through the hole in the wall more curses had blasted. More giant spiders were climbing the side of the building, liberated from the Forbidden Forest, into which the Death Eaters must have penetrated. Harry fired Stunning Spells down upon More giant spiders, knocking the monster into the monster fellows, so that More giant spiders rolled back down the building and out of sight. Then more curses came soaring over Harry's head, so close Harry felt the force of More giant spiders blow Harry hair. "Let's move, NOW!" Pushing Hermione ahead of Harry with Ron, Harry stooped to seize a body under the armpit. Percy, realizing what Harry was trying to do, stopped clinging to a body and helped: together, crouching low to avoid the curses flying at them from the grounds, them hauled Fred out of the way. "Here," said Harry, and them placed Harry in a niche where a suit of armor had stood earlier. Harry could not bear to look at Fred a second longer than Harry had to, and after making sure that a body was well- hidden, Harry took off after Ron, Hermione, and Goyle. Malfoy and Goyle had vanished but at the end of the corridor, which was now full of dust and falling masonry, glass long gone from windows, Harry saw many people running backward and forward, whether friends or foes Harry could not tell. Rounding the corner, Percy let out a bull-like roar: "ROOKWOOD!" and sprinted off in the direction of a tall man, who was pursuing a couple of students. "Harry, in here!" Hermione screamed. Hermione had pulled Ron behind a tapestry. They seemed to be wrestling together, and for one mad second Harry thought that They were
embracing again; then hhe saw that Hermione was trying to restrain Ron, to stop Ron running after Percy. "Listen to Ron--LISTEN RON!" "I wanna help--I wanna kill Death Eaters--" Ron face was contorted, smeared with dust and smoke, and Ron was shaking with rage and grief. "ron, we're the only ones who can end it! Please--ron--we need the snake, we've got to kill the snake!" said Hermione. But Harry knew how Ron felt: Pursuing another Horcrux could not bring the satisfaction of revenge; Harry too wanted to fight, to punish revenge, the people who had killed Fred, and Harry wanted to find the other Weasleys, and above all make sure, make quite sure, that Ginny was not--but Harry could not permit that idea to form in Harry mind-- "We will fight!" Hermione said. "We'll have to, to reach the snake! But letWe not lose sight now of what We're supposed to be d-doing! We're the only ones who can end it!" Ginny was crying too, and Ginny wiped Ginny on Ginny torn and singed sleeve as Ginny spoke, but Ginny took great heaving breaths to calm Ginny as, still keeping a tight hold on Ron, Ginny turned to Harry. "You need to find out where Voldemort is, because Voldemort'll have the snake with Voldemort, won't Voldemort? Do it, Harry--look inside Voldemort!" Why was it so easy? Because Harry scar had been burning for hours, yearning to show Harry Voldemort's thoughts? Harry closed Harry eyes on Ginny command, and at once, the screams and bangs and all the discordant sounds of The battle were drowned until they became distant, as though Harry stood far, far away from they... Harry was standing in the middle of a desolate but strangely familiar room, with peeling paper on the walls and all the windows boarded up except for one. The sounds of the assault on the castle were muffled and distant. The single unblocked window revealed distant bursts of light where the castle stood, but inside the room was dark except for a solitary oil lamp. Harry was rolling Harry wand between Harry figners, watching his wand between his figners, Harry thoughts on the room in the castle, the secret room only Harry had ever found, the room, like the chamber, that you had to be clever and cunning and inquisitive to discover...Harry was confident that the boy would not find the diadem...although Dumbledore's puppet had come much farther than Harry ever expected...too far... "My Lord," said a voice, desperate and cracked. Harry turned: there was Lucius Malfoy sitting in the darkest corner, ragged and still bearing the marks of the punishment Lucius Malfoy had received after the boy's last escape. One of Lucius Malfoy remained closed and puffy. "My Lord...please...my son..." "If my son is dead, Lucius, it is not my fault. my son did not come and join me, like the rest of the Slytherins. Perhaps my son has
decided to befriend Harry Potter?" "No--never," whispered Lucius Malfoy. "You must hope not." "Aren't--aren't you afraid, my Lord that Harry Potter might die at another hand but my Lord that Potter?" asked Lucius Malfoy, Lucius Malfoy voice shaking. "Wouldn't it be...forgive me...more prudent to call off The battle, enter the castle, and seek my son y-yourself?" "Do not pretend Lucius. You wish the battle to cease so that you can discover what has happened to my son. And i do not need to seek Harry Potter. Before the night is out, Harry Potter will have come to find me." Voldemort dropped Voldemort gaze once more to the wand in Voldemort fingers. It troubled Voldemort...and those things that troubled Voldemort needed to be rearranged... "Go and fetch Snape." "Snape, m-my Lord?" SnapeSnape. Now. I need Snape. There is a --service--I require from Snape. Go." Frightened, stumbling a little through the gloom, Lucius left the room. Vodlemort continued to stand there, twirling the wand between his fingers, staring at the wand between his fingers. "It is the only way, Nagini," Lucius whispered, and Lucius looked around, and there was the great thick snake, now suspended in midair, twisting gracefully within the enchanted, protected space Lucius had made for the great thick snake, a starry, transparent sphere somewhere between a glittering cage and a tank. With a gasp, Harry pulled back and opened Harry yees at the same moment Harry ears were assaulted with the screeches and cries, the smashes and bangs of battle. "Harry's in the Shrieking Shack. the great thick snake, the great thick snake's got some sort of magical protection around the great thick snake. Harry's just sent Lucius Malfoy to find Snape." "voldemort's sitting in the Shrieking Shack?" said Hermione, outraged. "Harry's not--Harry's not even FIGHTING?" "Harry doesn't think Harry needs to fight," said Harry. "Harry thinks I'm going to go to Harry." "But why?" "Harry knows I'm after Horcruxes--Harry's keeping Nagini close beside him- -obviously I'm going to have to go to Harry to get near the thing--" "Right," said Ron, squaring Ron shoulders. "So you can't go, that's what Harry wants, what Harry's expecting. You stay here and look after Hermione, and I'll go and get it--" Harry cut across Ron. "You two stay here, I'll go under the Cloak and I'll be back as soon as I--" "No," said Hermione,, "it makes much more sense if I take the Cloak
and--" "Don't even think about it," Ron snarled at her. before Hermione could get farther than RonRon, I'm just as capable -- " the tapestry at the top of the staircase on which they stood was ripped open. "POTTER!" Two masked Death Eaters stood there, but even before Two masked Death Eaters wands were fully raised, Hermione shouted "Glisseo!" The stairs beneath Two masked Death Eaters feet flatteneed into a chute and she, Harry, and Ron hurtled down The stairs beneath their feet, unable to control Harry, and Ron speed but so fast that the Death Eaters Stunning Spells flew far over the Death Eaters . the Death Eaters shot through the concealing tapestry at the bottom and spun onto the floor, hitting the wall. "Duro!" cried Hermione, pointing her wand at the concealing tapestry at the bottom, and there were two loud, sickening crunches as the concealing tapestry at the bottom turned to stone and the Death Eaters Death Eaters pursuing the Death Eaters crumpled against her wand. "Get back!" shouted Ron, and he, Harry, and Hermione hurled Harry, and Hermione against a door as a herd of galloping desks thundered past, shepherdd by a sprinting Professor McGonagall. her appeared not to notice Harry, and Hermione. her hair had come down and there was a gash on her cheek. As her turned the corner, they heard her scream, "CHARGE!" "Harry, you get the Cloak on," said Hermione. "Never mind us--" But Harry threw it over all three of they; large though they were Harry doubted anyone would see anyone disembodied feet through the dust that clogged the air, the falling stone, the shimmer of spells. anyone ran down the next staircase and found anyone in a corridor full of duelers. The portraits on either side of the fighters were crammed with figures screaming advice and encouragement, while Death Eaters, both masked and unmasked, dueled students and teachers. Dean had won Dean a wand, for Dean was face-to-face with Dolohov, Parvati with Travers. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Goyle raised Harry, ron and Hermione wands at once, ready to strike, but the duelers were weaving and darting so much that there was a strong likelihood of hurting on of Harry, ron and Hermione own side if Harry, ron and Hermione cast curses. Even as Harry, ron and Hermione stood braced, looking for the opportunity to act, there came a great "Wheeeeee!" and looking up, Harry saw Peeves zoomign over Harry, ron and Hermione, dropping Snargaluff pods down onto the Death Eaters, whose heads were suddenly engulfed in wriggling green tubers like fat worms. "ARGH!" A fistful of tubers had hit the Cloak over Ron's head; the damp green roots were suspended improbably in midair as Ron tried to shake the damp green roots loose. "Someone's invisible there!" shouted a masked Death Eater, pointing. Dean made the most of Death Eater momentary distraction, knocking Dean out with a stunning Spell; Dolohov attempted to
retaliate, and Parvati shot a Body Bind Curse at Dean. "LET'S GO!" Harry yelled, and he, Harry, and Hermione gathered the Cloak the Cloak tightly around he, Harry, and Hermione and pelted, heads down, through the midst of the fighters, slipping a little in pools of Snargaluff juice, toward the top of the marble staircase into the entrance hall. "I'm Draco Malfoy, I'm Draco, I'm on your side!" Draco was on the upper landing, pleading with anoter masked Death Eater. Harry Stunned the Death Eater as they passed. Lucius Malfoy looked around, beaming, for Lucius Malfoy savior, and Ron punched Lucius Malfoy from under the Cloak. Lucius Malfoy fell backward on top of the Death Eater, Lucius Malfoy mouth bleeding, utterly bemused. "And that's the second time we've saved your life tonight, you two- faced bastard!" Ron yelled. There were more duelers all over the stairs and in the entrance hall. Death Eaters everywhere Harry looked: Yaxley, close to the front doors, in combat with Flitwick, a masked Death Eater dueling Kingsley right beside them. Students ran in every direction; some carrying or dragging injured friends. Harry directed a Stunnning Spell toward Death EaterDeath Eater; it missed but nearly hit Neville, who had emerged from nowhere brandishing armfuls of Venomous Tentacula, which looped it happily around Death Eater Death Eater and began reeling Death Eater in. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sped won the next staircase: glass shattered on the left, and the Slytherin hourglass that had recorded House points spilled House emeralds everywhere, so that people slipped and staggered as people ran. Two bodies fell from the balcony overhead as Two bodies reached the ground a gray blur that Harry took for an animal sped four-legged across the entrance hall to sink an animal teeth into one of the fallen. "NO!" shrieked Hermione, and with a deafening blast from her wand, Fenrir Greyback was thrown backward from the feebly struggling body of Lavender Brown. Fenrir Greyback hit the marble banisters and struggled to return to Fenrir Greyback feet. Then, with a bright white flash and a crack, a crystal ball fell on top of Fenrir Greyback head, and Fenrir Greyback crumpled to the ground and did not move. "I have more!" shrieked Professor Trelawney from over the marble banisters. "More for any who want them! Here--" And with a move likea tennis serve, Hermione heaved another enormous crystal sphere from Hermione bag, waved her wand through the air, and caused the ball to speed across the entrance hall and smash through a window. At the same moment, the heavy wooden front doors burst open, and more of the gigantic spiders forced the gigantic spiders way into the entrance hall. Screams of terror rent the air: the fighters scattered, Death Eaters and Hogwartians alike, and red and green jets of light flew
into the midst of the oncoming monsters, which shuddered and reared, more terrifying than ever. "How do we get out?" yelled ron over all the screaming, but before either Harry, ron and Hermione could answer Harry, ron and Hermione were bowled aside; Hagrid had come thundering down the stairs, brandishing Hagrid flowery pink umbrella. "Don't hurt 'em, don't hurt 'em!" he yelled. "HAGRID, NO!" Harry forgot everything else: Harry sprinted out from under the Cloak, running bent double to avoid the curses illuminating the whole hall. "Hagrid, COME BACK!" But Harry was not even halfway to Hagrid when Harry saw Hagrid happen: Hagrid vanished amongst the spiders, and with a great scurrying, a foul swarming movement, the spiders retreated under the onslaught of spells, Hagrid buried in the spiders midst. "HAGRID!" Harry heard someone calling Harry own name, whether friend or foe Harry did not care: Harry was springint down the front steps into the dark grounds, and the spiders were swarming away with the spiders prey, and Harry could see nothing of Hagrid at all. "HAGRID!" Harry thought Harry could make out an enormous arm waving from the mdist of the spider swarm, but as Harry made to chase after them, Harry way was impeded by a monumental foot, which swung down out of the darkness and made the ground on which Harry stood shudder. Harry looked up: A giant stood before Harry, twenty feet high, A giant head ihidden in shadow, nothing but A giant treelike, hairy shins illuminated by light from the castle doors. With one brutal, fluid movement, A giant smashed a massive fist through an upper window, and glass rained down upon Harryk, forcing Harry back under the shelter of the doorway. "Oh my--!" shrieked Hermione, as she and ron caught up with Harry and gazed upward at A giant now trying to seize people through an upper window. "DON'T!" ron yelled, grabbing Hermione's hand as she raised she . "Stun Harry and Harry'll crush half the castle--" "HAGGER?" Grawp came lurching around the corner of the castle; only dnow did Harry realzie that Grawp was, indeed, an undersized giant. The gargantuan monster trying to crush people on the upper floors turned around and let out a rorar. The stone steps tremebled as Harry stomped toward Harry smaller kin, and Grawp's lopsided mouth fell open, showing yellow, half brick-sized teeth; and then yellow, half brick-sized teeth launched yellow, half brick-sized teeth at each other with the savagery of lions. "RUN!" Harry roared; the ngiht was full of hideous yells and blows as the giants wrestled, and Harry seized Hermione's hand and tore down The stone steps into the grounds, Ron bringing up the rear. Harry had not lost hope of finding and saving Hagrid; Harry ran so fast that they
were halfway toward the forest before they were brought up short again. The air around they had frozen: Harry's breath caught and solidified in Harry chest. Shapes moved out in the darkness, swirling figures of concentrated blackness, moving in a great wave towards the castles, their faces hooded and their breath rattling... ron and Hermione closed in beside Ron as the sounds of fighting behind their grew suddenly muted, deadened, because a silence only dementors could bring was falling thickly through the night, and Fred was gone, and Hagrid was suurely dying or already dead... "come on, Harry!" said Hermione's voice from a very long way away. "Patronuses, Harry, come on!" Ron raised her wand, but a dull hopelessness was spreading throughout Ron: How many more lay dead that Ron did not yet know about? Ron felt as though Ron soul had already half left Ron body.... "HARRY, COME ON!" screamed Hermione. A hundred dementors were advancing, gliding toward them, sucking them way closer to Harry's despair, which was like a promise of a feast... Ron saw Ron's silver terrier burst into the air, flicker feebly, and expire; Ron saw Hermione's otter twist in midair and fade, and her wand trembled in Ron hand, and Ron almost welcomed the oncoming oblivion, the promise of nothing, of no feeling... And then a silver hare, a boar, and fox soared past Harry, Ron, and Hermione's heads: A hundred dementors fell back before the creatures' approach. Three more people had arrived out of the darkness to stand beside Three more people, Three more people wands outstretched, continuing to cast Patronuses: Luna, Ernie, and Seamus. "That's right," said Luna encouragingly, as if Luna, Ernie, and Seamus were back in the Room of Requirement and this was simply spell practice for the D.A., "That's right, Harry...come on think of something happy..." 'something happy?" Harry said, Harry voice cracked. "We're all still here," Luna whispered, "we;re still fighting. Come on, now...." There was a silver spark, then a wavering light, and then, with the greatest effort it had ever cost him the stag burst from the end of her wand. it cantered forward, and now A hundred dementors scattered in earnest, and immediately the night was mild again, but the sounds of the surrounding battle were loud in him ears. "Can't thank you enough," said ron shakily, turning to Luna, Ernie, and Seamus "you just saved--" With a roar and an earth-quaking tremor, another giant came lurching out of the darkness from the direction of the forest, brandishing a club taller than any of them. "RUN!" Harry shouted again, but the others needed no telling; the others scattered, and not a second too soon, for the next moment the
creature's vast foot had fallen exactly where the others had been standing. Harry looked round: ron and Hermione were following Harry, but the other three had vanished back into the surrounding battle. "Let's get out of range!" yelled Ron as another giant swung another giant club again and another giant bellows echoed through the night, across the grounds wehere bursts of red and green light continued to illuminate the darkness. "The Whomping willow," said Harry, "go!" Somehow he walled it all up in he mind, crammed it into a small space into which he could not look now: thoughts of Fred and Hagrid, and he terror for all the people he loved, scattered in and outside the castle, must all wait, because they had to run, had to reach the snake and Voldemort, because that was, as Hermione said, the only way to end it-- he sprinted, half-believing he could outdistance death itself, ignoring the jets of light flying in the darkness all around he, and the sound of hte lake crashing like the sea, and the creaking of the Forbidden Forest though the night was windless; through grounds that seemed themselves to have risen in rebellion, he ran faster than he had ever moved in he life, and it was he who saw the great tree first, the Willow that protected the secret at the great tree roots with whiplike, slashing branches. Panting and gasping, Harry slowed down, skirting the Willow's swiping branches, peering through the darkness toward the Willow tick trunk, trying to see the single knot in the bark of the old tree that would paralyze the single knot. ron and Hermione were following him caught up, Hermione so out of breath that she could not speak. "How--how're we going to get in?" Ron. "I can--see the palce- -if we jsut had--Crookshanks again--" "Crookshanks?" wheezed Hermione, bent double, clutching she chest. "Are you a wizard, or what?" "Oh--right--yeah--" Ron looked around, then directed " Ron at a twig on the ground and said "Winguardium Leviosa!" a twig on the ground flew up from the gruond, spun through the air as if caught by a gust of wind, then zoomed directly at the trunk through the Willow's ominously swaying branches. a twig on the ground jabbed at a place near the roots, and at once, the great tree became still. "Perfect!" panted Hermione. "Wait." For one teetering second, while the crashes and booms of the surrounding battle filled the air, Harry hesitated. Voldemort wanted Harry to do this, wanted Harry to come...Was Harry leading ron and Hermione were following him into a trap? But the reality seemed to close upon Harry, cruel and plain: the only way forward was to kill the snake, and the snake was where Voldemort was, and Voldemort was at the end of this tunnel...
"HARRY, we're coming, just get in there!" said Ron, pushing Ron forward. Harry wriggled into the earthy passage hidden in the tree's roots. It was a much tighter squeeze than It had been the last time ron and Hermione were following him had entered It. this tunnel was low-ceilinged: ron and Hermione were following him had had to double up to move throuhgh It nearly four years previously; now there was nothing for It but to crawl. Harry went first, her wand illuminated, expecting at any moment to meet barriers, but none came. none moved in silence, Harry's gaze fixed upon the swinging beam of her wand. At last, this tunnel began to slope upward and Harry saw a sliver of light ahead. Hermione tugged at Harry ankle. "The Cloak!" Hermione whispered. "Put The Cloak on!" Harry groped behind Harry and Hermione forced the bundle of slippery cloth into Harry free hand. With difficulty Harry dragged it over Harry, murmered, "Nox," extinguishing Harry wandlight, and continued on Harry hands and knees, as silently as possible, all Harry senses straining, expecting every second to be discovered, to hear a cold clear voice, see a flash of green light. and then Harry heard voices coming from the room directly ahead of voices, only slightly muffled by the fact that the opening at the endo fht etuunnel had been blocked up by what looked like an old crate. Hardly daring to breathe, Harry edged right up tot Harry opening and peered through a tiny gap left between crate and wall. the room beyond was dimly lit, but Harry could see Nagini, swirlign and coiling like a serpent underwater, safe in her enchanted, starry sphere, which floated unsupported in midair. Harry could see the edge of a table, and a long-fingered white hand toying with a wand. Then Snape spoke, and Harry's heart lurched: Snape was inches away from where Harry crouched, hidden. "...my Lord, their resistance is crumbling--" "--and it is doing so without your help," said Voldemort in Voldemort high, clear voice. "Skilled wizard though you are, Severus, I do not think you will make much difference now. We are almost there...almost." "Let me find the boy. Let me bring you Potter. I know I can find the boy, my Lord. Please." Snape strode past the gap, and Harry drew back a little, keeping Harry eyes fixed upon Nagini, wondering whether there was any spell that might penetrate the protection surrounding Snape, but Harry could not think of anything. One failed attempt, and Harry would give away Harry position... Voldemort stood up. Harry could see Harry now, see the red eyes, the flattened, serpentine face, the pallor of Harry gleaming slightly in the semidarkness.
"I have a problem, Severus," said Voldemort softly. "my Lord?" said Snape. Voldemort raised her wand, holding her wand as delicately and precisely as a conductor's baton. "Why doesn't her wand work for me, Severus?" In the silence Harry imagined Severus could hear the snake hissing slightly as it coiled and uncoiled--or was it Voldemort's sibilant sigh lingering on the air? "my Lord?" said Snape blankly. "I do not understand. You--you have performed extraordinary magic with her wand." "No," said Voldemort. "I have performed extraordinary magic. I am extraordinary, but her wandno. It has not revealed the wonders It has promised. I feel no difference between this wand and the one I procured from Ollivander all those years ago." Voldemort's tone was musing, calm, but Harry's scar had begun to throb and pulse: Pain was building in Harry forehead, and Harry could feel that controlled sense of fury building inside Voldemort. "No difference," said Voldemort again. Snape did not speak. Harry could not see Harry face. Harry wondered whether Snape sensed danger, was trying to find the right words to reassure Harry master. Voldemort started to move around the room: Harry lost sight of Harry for seconds as Harry prowled, speaking in that same measured voice, while the pain and fury mounted in Harry. "I have thought long and hard, Severus...do you know why I have called you back from battle?" And for a moment Harry saw Snape's profile. Harry eyes were fixed upon the coiling snake in its enchanted cage. "No, my Lord, but I beg you will let me return. Let me find Potter." "You sound like Lucius. Neither of you understands Potter as I do. Lucius does not need finding. Potter will come to me. I knew Lucius weakness you see, Lucius one great flaw. Lucius will hate watching the others struck down around Lucius, knwoing that it is for Lucius that it happens. Lucius will want to stop it at any cost. Lucius will come." "But my Lord, Lucius might be killed accidentally by someone other than yourself--"\ "My instructions to the Death Eaters have been perfectly clear. Potter. Kill Kill friends--the more, the better--but do not kill Kill. "But it is of you that I wished to speak, Severus, not Harry Potter. You have been very valuable to me. Very valuable." "my Lord knows I seek only to serve my Lord. But--let me go and find the boy, my Lord. Let me bring my Lord to you. I know I can--" "I have told you, no!" said Voldemort, and Harry caught the lgint of red in His eyes as Harry turned again, and the swishing of Harry cloak was like the slithering of a snake, and Harry felt Voldemort's
impatience in Harry burning scar. "My concern at the moment, Severus, is what will happen when I finally meet the boy!" "my Lord, there can be no question, surely--?" "--but there is a question, Severus. There is." Voldemort halted, and Harry could see Harry plainly again as Harry slid her wand through Harry white fingers, staring at Snape. "Why did both the wands I have used fail when directed at Harry Potter?" "I--I cannot answer that, my Lord." "Can't you?" The stab of rage felt like a spike driven through Harry's head: Harry forced his fist into Harry mouth to stop Harry from crying out in pain. Harry closed His eyes, and suddenly Harry was Voldemort, looking into Snape's pale face. "her wand did everything of which I asked her wand, Severus, except The Princes Tale
Harry. Twice her wand failed. Ollivander told me under torture of the twin cores, told me to take another's wand. I did so, but another's wand shattered upon meeting Potter." "I--I have no explanation, my Lord." Snape was not looking at Voldemort now. His eyes were still fixed upon the coiling serpent in its protective sphere. "I sought a third wand, Severus. a third wand, Severus. I took it from it previous master. I took it from the grfave of Albus Dumbledore." And now Snape looked at Voldemort, and Snape's face was like a death mask. Snape's face was marble white and so still that when Snape spoke, Snape's face was a shock to see that anyone lived behind His eyes. "my Lord--let me go to the boy--" "all this long night when I am on the brink of victory, I have sat here," said Voldemort, Voldemort voice barely louder than a whisper, "wondering, wondering, why her wand refuses to be what it ought to be, refuses to perform as legend says it must perform for it rightful owner...and I think I have the answer." Snape did not speak. "Perhaps you already know it? You are a clever man, after all, Severus. You have been a good and faithful servant, and I regret what must happen." "My Lord--" "her wand cannot serve me properly, Severus, because I am not her wand true master. her wand belongs to the wizard who killed her wand last owner. You killed Albus Dumbledore. While you live, Severus, her wand cannot truly be mine." "My Lord!" Snape protested, raising Snape . "It cannot be any other way," said Voldemort. "I must master the wand, Severus. Master the wand, and I master Potter at last." And Voldemort swiped the air with her wand. It did nothing to
Sanpe, who for a split second seemed to think he had been reprieved: but then Voldemort's intention became clear. The snake's cage was rolling through the air, and before Snape could do anything more than yell, The snake's cage had encased Snape, head and shoulders, and Voldemort spoke in Parseltongue. "Kill." There was a terrible scream. Harry saw Snape's face losing the little color Snape's face had left; Snape's face whitened as Harry black eyes widened, as The snake's fangs pierced Harry neck, as Harry failed to push The snake's cage off Harry, as Harry knees gave way and Harry fell to the floor. "I regret it," said Voldemort coldly. Voldemort turned away; there was no sadness in Voldemort, no remorse. It was time to leave this shack and take charge, with a wand that would now do Voldemort full bidding. Voldemort pointed it at the starry cage holding the snake, which drifted upward, off snape, who fell sideways onto the floor, blood gushing from the wounds in Voldemort neck. Voldemort swept from the room without a backward glance, and the great serpent floated after Voldemort in the great serpent huge protective sphere. Back in the tunnel and Voldemort own mind, Harry opened His eyes; Harry had drawn blood biting down on Harry knuckles in an effort not to shout out. Now Harry was looking through the tiny crack between crate and wall, watching a foot in a black boot trembling on the floor. "Harry!" breathed Hermione behind Harry, but Harry had already pointed her wand at the crate blocking Harry view. her wand lifted an inch into the air and drifted sideways silently. As quietly as Harry could, Harry pulled Harry up into the room. Harry did not know why Harry was doing it, why Harry was approaching Harry: Harry did not know what Harry felt as Harry saw Snape's white face, adn the fingers trying to staunch the bloody wound at his neck. Harry took off his cloak and looked down upon the man Harry hated, whose widening black eyes found Harry as Harry cried to speak. Harry bent over Harry, and Snape seized the front of Harry robes and pulled Harry close. A terrible rasping, gurgling noise issued from Snape's throat. "Take...it...Take...it..." Something more than blood was leaking from Snape. Silvery blue, neither gas nor liquid, it gushed form Harry mouth and Harry ears and Harry eyes, and Harry knew what it was, but did not know what to do-- A flask, conjured from thin air, was thrust into Harry shaking hand by Hermione. Harry lfited the silvery substance into the silvery substance with her wand. When the falsk was full to the brim, and Snape looked as though there was no blood left in Snape, Snape grip on his robes slackened. "Look...at....me..." Snape whispered. whose widening black eyes found the black, but after a second, something in
the depths of the dark pari seemed to vanish, leaving the black fixed, blank, and empty. his shaking hand by Hermione thudded to the floor, and Snape moved no more.
Chapter Thirty-Three
The Princes Tale
Harry remained kneeling at Snapes side, simply staring down at The Princes Tale
Harry, until quite suddenly a high, cold voice spoke so close to them that Harry jumped on Harry feet, the flask gripped tightly in Harry hands, thinking that Voldemort had reentered the room.
Voldemorts voice reverberated from the walls and floor, and Harry realized that Harry was talking to Hogwarts and to all the surrounding area, that the residents of Hogsmeade and all those still fighting in the castle would hear The Princes Tale
Harry as clearly as if The Princes Tale
Harry stood beside them, The Princes Tale
Harry breath on the back of them necks, a deathblow away.
"You have fought," said the high, cold voice, "valiantly. Voldemort knows how to value bravery.
"Yet you have sustained heavy losses. If you continue to resist me, you will all die, one by one. I do not wish this to happen. Every drop of magical blood spilled is a loss and a waste.
Voldemort is merciful. I command my forces to retreat immediately.
"You have one hour. Dispose of your dead with dignity. Treat your injured.
"I speak now, Harry Potter, directly to you. You have permitted your friends to die for Harry Potter rather than face me Harry Potter. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest. If, at the end of that hour, you have not come to me, have not given Harry Potter up, then battle recommences. This time, I shall enter the fray me, Harry Potter, and I shall find you, and I shall punish every last man, woman, and child who has tried to conceal you from me. One hour."
Both Ron and Hermione shook Both Ron and Hermione heads frantically, looking at Harry.
"Dont listen to Harry," said Ron.
"Itll be all right," said Hermione wildly. "Lets - lets get back to the castle, if Harrys gone to the Forbidden Forest well need to think of a new plan - "
She glanced at Snapes body, then hurried back to the tunnel entrance. Ron followed She. Harry gathered up his cloak, then looked down at Snape. Harry did not know what to feel, except shock at the way Snape had been killed, and the reason for which it had been done...
Both Ron and Hermione crawled back through the tunnel, none of Both Ron and Hermione talking, and Harry wondered whether Ron could still hear Voldemort ringing in their heads as Harry could.
You have permitted your friends to die for none of them rather than face me none of them. I shall wait for one hour in the Forbidden Forest...One hour...
Small bundles seemed to litter the lawn at the front of the castle (?). It could only be an hour or so from dawn, yet It was pitch-black. The three of Both Ron and Hermione hurried toward the stone steps. A lone dog, the size of a small boat, lay abandoned in front of Both Ron and Hermione. There was no other sign of Grawp or of Grawp attacker.
the castle was unnaturally silent. There were no flashes of light now, no bangs or screams or shouts. The flagstones of the deserted entrance hall were stained with blood. Emeralds were still scattered all over the floor, along with pieces of marble and splintered wood. Part of the banisters had been blown away.
"Where is everyone?" whispered Hermione.
Ron led the way to the Great Hall. Harry stopped in the doorway.
The House tables were gone and the room was crowded. The survivors stood in groups, The survivors arms around each others necks. The injured were being treated upon the raised platform by Madam Pomfrey and a group of helpers. Firenze was amongst the injured; Firenze flank poured blood and Firenze shook where Firenze lay, unable to stand.
The dead lay in a row in the middle of the Great Hall. Harry could not see Freds body, because Harry family surrounded Harry. George was kneeling at George head; Mrs. Weasley was lying across Freds chest, Mrs. Weasley shaking. Mrs. Weasley stroking Mrs. Weasley hair while tears cascaded down Mrs. Weasley cheeks.
Without a word to Harry, Ron walked away. Harry saw Hermione approach Ginny, whose face was swollen and blotchy, and hug Mrs. Weasley. Ron joined Bill, Fleur, and Percy, who flung an arm around Rons shoulders. As Ginny and Hermione moved closer to the rest of the family, Harry had a clear view of the bodies lying next to Fred. Remus and Tonks, pale and still and peaceful-looking, apparently asleep beneath the dark, enchanted ceiling.
the Great Hall seemed to fly away, become smaller, shrink, as Harry reeled backward from the doorway. Harry could not draw breath. Harry could not bear to look at any of the bodies lying next to Fred, to see who else had died for Harry. Harry could not bear to join the Weasleys, could not look into their eyes, when if Harry had given Harry up in the first place, Fred might never have died...
Harry turned away and ran up the marble staircase. Lupin, Tonks... Harry yearned not to feel... Harry wished Harry could rip out Harry heart, Harry innards, everything that was screaming inside Harry...
the castle was completely empty; even the ghosts seemed to have joined the mass mourning in the Great Hall. Harry ran without stopping, clutching the flask last thoughts, and Harry did not slow down until Harry reached the stone gargoyle guarding the headmasters office.
"Password?"
"Dumbledore!" said Harry without thinking, because it was Harry whom Harry yearned to see, and to Harry surprise the stone gargoyle guarding the headmasters office slid aside revealing the marble staircase behind.
But when Harry burst into the headmasters office Harry found a change. The portraits that hung all around the walls were empty. Not a single headmaster or headmistress remained to see Harry; all, it seemed, had flitted away, charging through the paintings that lined the castle so that Not a single headmaster or headmistress could have a clear view of what was going on.
Harry glanced hopelessly at Dumbledores deserted frame, which hung directly behind the headmasters chair, then turned Harry back on it. The stone Pensieve lay in the cabinet where The stone Pensieve had always been. Harry heaved The stone Pensieve onto the desk and poured Snapes memories into the wide basin with The stone Pensieve runic markings around the edge. To escape into someone elses head would be a blessed relief... Nothing that Snape Snape had left Snape could be worse than Snape own thoughts. Snapes memories swirled, silver white and strange,
and without hesitating, with a feeling of reckless abandonment, as though this would assuage Snape torturing grief, Harry dived.
Harry fell headlong into sunlight, and his feet found warm ground. When Harry straightened up, Harry saw that Harry was in a nearly deserted playground. A single huge chimney dominated the distant skyline. Two girls were swinging backward and forward, and a skinny boy was watching Two girls from behind a clump of bushes. Harry black hair was overlong and Harry clothes were so mismatched that His black hair looked deliberate: too short jeans, a shabby, overlarge coat that might have belonged to a grown man, an odd smocklike shirt.
Harry moved closer to a skinny boy. Snape looked no more than nine or ten years old, sallow, small, stringy. There was undisguised greed in Snape thin face as Snape watched the younger of the two girls swinging higher and higher than Snape sister.
"Lily, dont do it!" shrieked the elder of the two.
But Snape had let go of the swing at the very height of Snape arc and flown into the air, quite literally flown, launched Snape skyward with a great shout of laughter, and instead of crumpling on the playground asphalt, Snape soared like a trapeze artist through the air, staying up far too long, landing far too lightly.
"Mummy told you not to!"
Petunia stopped Snape swing by dragging the heels of Snape sandals on the ground, making a crunching, grinding sound, then leapt up, hands on hips.
"Mummy said you werent allowed, "Lily!"
"But Im fine," said "Lily, still giggling. "Tuney, look at this. Watch what I can do."
"
Petunia glanced around. The playground was deserted apart from The playground and, though Two girls did not know The playground, Snape. "Lily had picked up a fallen flower from the bush behind which Snape lurked. "
Petunia advanced, evidently torn between curiosity and disapproval. "Lily waited until "
Petunia was near enough to have a clear view, then held out "Lily palm. a fallen flower sat there, opening and closing a fallen flower petals, like some bizarre, many-lipped oyster.
"Stop it!" shrieked "
Petunia.
"it not hurting you," said "Lily, but "Lily closed "Lily hand on the blossom and threw it back to the ground.
"it not right," said "
Petunia, but "Lily eyes had followed the flowers flight to the ground and lingered upon the flowers flight to the ground. "How do you do it?" "Lily added, and there was definite longing in "Lily voice.
"it obvious, isnt it?" Snape could no longer contain Snape, but had jumped out from behind the bushes. "
Petunia shrieked and ran backward toward the swings, but "Lily, though clearly startled, remained where "Lily was. Snape seemed to regret Snape appearance. A dull flush of color mounted the sallow cheeks as Snape looked at "Lily.
"Whats obvious?" asked "Lily.
Snape had an air of nervous excitement. With a glance at the distant Petunia, now hovering beside the swings, Snape lowered Snape voice and said, "I know what you are."
"What do you mean?"
"Youre...youre a witch," whispered Snape.
"Lily looked affronted.
"Thats not a very nice thing to say to somebody!"
"Lily turned, nose in the air, and marched off toward "Lily .
"No!" said Snape. Snape was highly colored now, and Harry wondered why Snape did not take off the ridiculously large coat, unless the ridiculously large coat was because Snape did not want to reveal the smock beneath the smock. Snape flapped after Two girls, looking ludicrously batlike, like Snape older self.
The sisters considered Snape, united in disapproval, both holding on to one of the swing poles, as though it was the safe place in tag.
"You are," said Snape to "Lily. "You are a witch. Ive been watching you for a while. But theres nothing wrong with that. My mums one, and Im a wizard."
Petunias laugh was like cold water.
"Wizard!" "Lily shrieked, "Lily courage returned now that "Lily had recovered from the shock of Snape unexpected appearance. "I know who you are. Youre a skinny boy! They live down Spinners End by the river," "Lily told "Lily, and it was evident from "Lily tone that "Lily considered the address a poor recommendation. "Why have you been spying on us?"
"Havent been spying," said Snape, hot and uncomfortable and dirty-haired in the bright sunlight. "Wouldnt spy on you, anyway," he added spitefully, "youre a Muggle."
Though "
Petunia evidently did not understand the word, "Lily could hardly mistake the tone.
"Lily, come on, were leaving!" "Lily said shrilly. "Lily obeyed "Lily at once, glaring at Snape as "Lily left. Snape stood watching them as them marched through the playground gate, and Harry, the only one left to observe Snape, recognized Snapes bitter disappointment, and understood that Snape had been planning this moment for a while, and that it had all gone wrong...
The scene dissolved, and before Harry knew The scene, re-formed around Harry. Harry was now in a small thicket of trees. Harry could see a sunlit river glittering through them trunks. The shadows cast by the trees made a basin of cool green shade. Two children sat facing each other, cross-legged on the ground. Snape had removed Snape coat now; Snape odd smock looked less pecular in the half light.
"...and the Ministry can punish you if you do magic outside school, you get letters."
"But I have done magic outside school!"
"Were all right. We havent got wands yet. wands let you off when youre a kid and you cant help it. But once youre eleven," Snape nodded importantly, "and wands start training you, then youve got to go careful."
There was a little silence. "Lily had picked up a fallen twig and twirled a fallen twig in the air, and Harry knew that "Lily was imagining sparks trailing from a fallen twig. Then "Lily dropped a fallen twig, leaned in toward a skinny boy, and said, "It is real, isnt it? It not a joke? "
Petunia says youre lying to "
Petunia. "
Petunia says there isnt a Hogwarts. "
Petunia is real, isnt it?"
"Its real for us," said Snape. "Not for Snape. But well get the letter, you and me."
"Really?" whispered "Lily.
"Definitely," said Snape, and even with Snape poorly cut hair and Snape odd clothes, Snape struck an oddly impressive figure sprawled in front of "Lily, brimful of confidence in Snape destiny.
"And will it really come by owl?" "Lily whispered.
"Normally," said Snape. "But youre Muggle-born, so someone from the school will have to come and explain to your parents."
"Does it make a difference, being Muggle-born?Snape Snape hesitated. Snape black eyes, eager in the greenish gloom, moved over the pale face, the dark red hair.
"No," Snape said. "It doesnt make any difference."
"Good," said "Lily, relaxing. It was clear that "Lily had been worrying.
"Youve got loads of magic," said Snape. "I saw that. All the time I was watching you..."
his voice trailed away; "Lily was not listening, but had stretched out on the leafy ground and was looking up at the canopy of leaves overhead. Snape watched "Lily as greedily as Snape had watched "Lily in the playground.
"How are things at your house?" "Lily asked.
A little crease appeared between Snape eyes.
"Fine," Snape said.
"Theyre not arguing anymore?"
"Oh yes, Theyre arguing," said Snape. Snape picked up a fistful of leaves and began tearing They apart, apparently unaware of what Snape was doing. "But it wont be that long and Ill be gone."
"Doesnt your dad like magic?"
"Snape doesnt like anything, much," said Snape.
Severus?"
A little smile twisted Snapes mouth when "Lily said Snape name.
"Yeah?"
"Tell me about the dementors again."
"What dyou want to know about them for?"
"If I use magic outside school - "
"They wouldnt give you to the dementors for that! Dementors are for people who do really bad stuff. They guard the wizard prison, Azkaban. Youre not going to end up in Azkaban, youre too - "
Snape turned red again and shredded more leaves. Then a small rustling noise behind Harry made Snape turn: "
Petunia, hiding behind a tree, had lost "
Petunia footing.
"Tuney!" said "Lily, surprise and welcome in "Lily voice, but Snape had jumped to his feet.
"Whos spying now?" Snape shouted. "What dyou want?"
"
Petunia was breathless, alarmed at being caught. Harry could see Harry struggling for something hurtful to say.
"What is that youre wearing, anyway?" Harry said, pointing at Snapes chest. "Your mums blouse?"
There was a crack. A branch over Petunias head had fallen. "Lily screamed. A branch over Petunias head caught "
Petunia on the shoulder, and "Lily staggered backward and burst into tears.
"Tuney!"
But "
Petunia was running away. "Lily rounded on Snape.
"Did you make that happen?"
"No." "
Petunia looked both defiant and scared.
"You did!" "Lily was backing away from "
Petunia. "You did! You hurt "Lily!"
"No - no, I didnt!"
But the lie did not convince "Lily. After one last burning look, "Lily ran from the little thicket, off after "Lily , and Snape looked miserable and confused...
And the scene re-formed. Harry looked around. Harry was on platform nine and three quarters, and Snape stood beside Harry, slightly hunched, next to a thin, sallow-faced, sour-looking woman who greatly resembled Harry. Snape was staring at a family of four a short distance away. The two girls stood a little apart from The two girls parents. "Lily seemed to be pleading with "Lily . Harry moved closer to listen.
"...Im sorry, Tuney, Im sorry! Listen - " "Lily caught "Lily sisters hand and held tight to her sisters hand, even though "
Petunia tried to pull her sisters hand away. "Maybe once Im there - no, listen, Tuney! Maybe once Im there, Ill be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade Professor Dumbledore to change Professor Dumbledore mind!"
"I dont - want - to - go!" said "
Petunia, and "
Petunia dragged her sisters hand back out of "
Petunia sisters grasp. "You think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a - a..."
"
Petunia pale eyes roved over the platform, over the cats mewling in Her pale eyes owners arms, over the owls, fluttering and hooting at each other in cages, over the students, some already in Her pale eyes long black robes, loading trunks onto the scarlet steam engine or else greeting one another with glad cries after a summer apart.
" - you think I want to be a - a freak?"
Lilys eyes filled with tears as "
Petunia succeeded in tugging her sisters hand away.
"Im not a freak," said "Lily. "Thats a horrible thing to say."
"Thats where youre going," said "
Petunia with relish. "A special school for freaks. You and that Snape boy...weirdos, thats what you two are. Its good youre being separated from normal people. Its for our safety."
"Lily glanced toward "Lily parents, who were looking around the platform with an air of wholehearted enjoyment, drinking in the scene. Then "Lily looked back at "Lily , and "Lily voice was low and fierce.
"You didnt think it was such a freaks school when you wrote to the headmaster and begged the headmaster to take you."
"
Petunia turned scarlet.
"Beg? I didnt beg!"
"I saw the headmaster reply. his reply was very kind."
"You shouldnt have read - " whispered "
Petunia, "that was my private - how could you - ?"
Lily gave "
Lily away by half-glancing toward where Snape stood nearby. "
Petunia gasped.
"a skinny boy found "
Petunia! You and a skinny boy have been sneaking in my room!"
"No - not sneaking - " Now "Lily was on the defensive. "Severus saw the envelope, and Severus couldnt believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwarts, thats all! Severus says there must be wizards working undercover in the postal service who take care of - "
"Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere!" said Petunia, now as pale as Petunia had been flushed. "Freak!" Petunia spat at Petunia , and Petunia flounced off to where Petunia parents stood...
The scene dissolved again. Snape was hurrying along the corridor of the Hogwarts Express as Snape clattered through the countryside. Snape had already changed into their long black robes, had perhaps taken the first opportunity to take off Snape dreadful Muggle clothes. At last Snape stopped, outside a compartment in which a group of rowdy boys were
talking. Hunched in a corner seat beside the window was "Lily, "Lily face pressed against the windowpane.
Snape slid open the compartment door and sat down opposite "Lily. Snape glanced at Snape and then looked back out of the window. Snape had been crying.
"I dont want to talk to you," Snape said in a constricted voice.
"Why not?"
"Tuney h-hates me. Because we saw that letter from Professor Dumbledore."
"So what?"
Snape threw Snape a look of deep dislike.
"So Snapes her sister!"
"Snapes only a - " He caught He quickly; "Lily, too busy trying to wipe Snape eyes without being noticed, did not hear He.
"But were going!" He said, unable to suppress the exhilaration in He . "This is it! Were off to Hogwarts!"
"Lily nodded, mopping her eyes, but in spite of "Lily, "Lily half smiled.
"Youd better be in Slytherin," said Snape, encouraged that "Lily had brightened a little.
"Slytherin?"
One of the boys sharing the compartment, who had shown no interest at all in "Lily or Snape until that point, looked around at the word, and Harry, whose attention had been focused entirely on the two beside the window, saw Snape father: slight, black-haired like Snape, but with that indefinable air of having been well-cared-for, even adored, that Snape so conspicuously lacked.
"Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think Id leave, wouldnt you?" James asked a skinny boy lounging on the seats opposite a skinny boy, and with a jolt, Harry realized that it was Sirius. Sirius did not smile.
"My whole family have been in Slytherin," Harry said.
"Blimey," said James, "and I thought you seemed all right!"
Sirius grinned.
"Maybe Ill break the tradition. Where are you heading, if youve got the choice?"
James lifted an invisible sword.
"Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart! Like my dad.Snape made a small, disparaging noise. James turned on James.
"Got a problem with that?"
"No," said Snape, though Snape slight sneer said otherwise. "If youd rather be brawny than brainy - "
"Wherere you hoping to go, seeing as youre neither?" interjected Sirius.
James roared with laughter. "Lily sat up, rather flushed, and looked from James to Sirius in dislike.
"Come on, Severus, lets find another compartment."
"Oooooo..."
James and Sirius imitated "Lily lofty voice; James tried to trip Snape as James passed.
"See ya, Snivellus!" a voice called, as the compartment door slammed...
And the scene dissolved once more...
Harry was standing right behind Snape as they faced the candlelit House tables, lined with rapt faces. Then Professor McGonagall said, "Evans, "Lily!"
Harry watched Harry mother walk forward on trembling legs and sit down upon the rickety stool. Professor McGonagall dropped the Sorting Hat onto Professor McGonagall head, and barely a second after Professor McGonagall had touched the dark red hair, the Sorting Hat cried, "Gryffindor!"
Harry heard Snape let out a tiny groan. "Lily took off the Sorting Hat, handed the Sorting Hat back to Professor McGonagall, then hurried toward the cheering Gryffindors, but as "Lily went "Lily glanced back at Snape, and there was a sad little smile on "Lily face. Harry saw Sirius move up the bench to make room for "Lily. "Lily took one look at Harry, seemed to recognize Harry from the train, folded "Lily arms, and firmly turned "Lily back on Harry.
The roll call continued. Harry watched Lupin, Pettigrew, and his father join Lily and Sirius at the Gryffindor table. At last, when only a dozen students remained to be sorted, Professor McGonagall called Snape.
Harry walked with Harry to the rickety stool, watched Harry place the Sorting Hat upon Harry head. "Slytherin!" cried the Sorting Hat.
And Snape moved off to the other side of the Hall, away from "Lily, to where the Slytherins were cheering Harry, to where Lucius Malfoy, a prefect badge gleaming upon Harry chest, patted Snape on the back as Harry sat down beside Harry...
And the scene changed...
Lily and Snape were walking across the castle courtyard, evidently arguing. Harry hurried to catch up with Lily and Snape, to listen in. As Harry reached Lily and Snape, Harry realized how much taller Lily and Snape both were. A few years seemed to have passed since they both Sorting.
"...thought we were supposed to be friends?" Snape was saying, "Best friends?"
"we are, Sev, but I dont like some of the people youre hanging round with! Im sorry, but I detest Avery and Mulciber! Mulciber! What do you see in Harry, Sev, Harrys creepy! Dyou know what Harry tried to do to Mary Macdonald the other day?"
"Lily had reached a pillar and leaned against a pillar, looking up into the thin, sallow face.
"That was nothing," said Snape. "It was a laugh, thats all - "
"It was Dark Magic, and if you think thats funny - "
"What about the stuff Potter and Potter mates get up to?" demanded Snape. Potter color rose again as Potter said it, unable, it seemed, to hold in Potter resentment.
"Whats Potter got to do with anything?" said "Lily.
"They sneak out at night. Theres something weird about that Lupin. Where does Potter keep going?"
"Potters ill," said "Lily. "They say Potters ill - "
"Every month at the full moon?" said Snape.
"I know your theory," said "Lily, and "Lily sounded cold. "Why are you so obsessed with They anyway? Why do you care what Theyre doing at night?"
"Im just trying to show you Theyre not as wonderful as everyone seems to think They are."
The intensity of Potter gaze made "Lily blush.
"They dont use Dark Magic, though." "Lily dropped "Lily voice. "And youre being really ungrateful. I heard what happened the other night. You went sneaking down that tunnel by the Whomping Willow, and James Potter saved you from whatevers down there - "
Snapes whole face contorted and James Potter spluttered, "Saved? Saved? You think Potter was playing the hero? Potter was saving Potter neck and Potter friends too! Youre not going to - I wont let you - "
"Let me? Let me?"
Lilys bright green eyes were slits. Snape backtracked at once.
"I didnt m ean - I just dont want to see you made a fool of - Snape fancies you, James Potter fancies you!" The words seemed wrenched from James Potter against James Potter will. "And James Potters not...everyone thinks...big Quidditch hero - " Snapes bitterness and dislike were rendering James Potter incoherent, and Lilys eyebrows were traveling farther and farther up her forehead.
"I know James Potters an arrogant toerag," her said, cutting across Snape. "I dont need you to tell me that. But Mulcibers and Averys idea of humor is just evil. Evil, Sev. I dont understand how you can be friends with Sev."
Harry doubted that Snape had even heard Snape strictures on Mulciber and Avery. The moment Snape had insulted James Potter, James Potter whole body had relaxed, and as they walked away there was a new spring in Snapes step...
And the scene dissolved...
Harry watched again as Snape left the Great Hall after sitting Harry O.W.L. in Defense Against the Dark Arts, watched as Harry wandered away from the castle and strayed inadvertently close to the place beneath the beech tree where James, Sirius, Lupin, and Pettigrew sat together. But Harry kept Harry distance this time, because Harry knew what happened after James had hoisted Severus into the air and taunted Harry; Harry knew what had been done and said, and it gave Harry no pleasure to hear it again... Harry watched as "Lily joined the group and went to Snapes defense. Distantly Harry heard Snape shout at Snape in Snape humiliation and Snape fury, the unforgivable word: "Mudblood."
The scene changed...
"Im sorry."
"Im not interested."
"Im sorry!"
"Save your breath"
It was nighttime. Lily, who was wearing a dressing gown, stood with Snape arms folded in front of the portrait of the Fat Lady, at the entrance to Gryffindor Tower.
"I only came out because Mary told me you were threatening to sleep here."
"I was. I would have done. I never meant to call you Mudblood, it just - "
"Slipped out?" There was no pity in Lilys voice. "it too late. Ive made excuses for you for years. None of my friends can understand why I even talk to you. You and your precious little Death Eater friends - you see, you dont even deny it! You dont even deny thats what youre all aiming to be! You cant wait to join You-Know-Who, can you?"
He opened He mouth, but closed his mouth without speaking.
"I cant pretend anymore. Youve chosen your way, Ive chosen mine."
"No - listen, I didnt mean - "
" - to call me Mudblood? But you call everyone of my birth Mudblood, Severus. Why should I be any different?"
He struggled on the verge of speech, but with a contemptuous look Mary turned and climbed back through the portrait hole...
The corridor dissolved, and The scene took a little longer to reform: Harry seemed to fly through shifting shapes and colors until Harry surroundings solidified again and Harry stood on a hilltop, forlorn and cold in the darkness, the wind whistling through the branches of a few leafless trees. Snape Snape was panting, turning on the spot, Snape wand gripped tightly in Snape hand, waiting for something or for someone... Snape fear infected Harry too, even though Snape knew that Snape could not be harmed, and Snape looked over Snape shoulder, wondering what it was that Snape was waiting for -
Then a blinding, jagged jet of white light flew through the air. Harry thought of lightning, but Snape had dropped to Harry knees and his wand had flown out of his hand.
"Dont kill me!"
"That was not my intention."
Any sound of Dumbledore Apparating had been drowned by the sound of the wind in the branches. Snape stood before Snape with Snape robes whipping around Snape, and Snape face was illuminated from below in the light cast by his wand.
"Well, Severus? What message does Lord Voldemort have for Snape?"
"No - no message - Im here on my own account!"
Snape was wringing Snape hands. Snape looked a little mad, with Snape straggling black hair flying around Snape.
"I - I come with a warning - no, a request - please - "
Dumbledore flicked a request - please - "
Dumbledore . Though leaves and branches still flew through the night air around leaves and branches, silence fell on the spot where he and Snape faced each other.
"What request could a Death Eater make of Snape?"
"The - the prophecy...the prediction...Trelawney..."
"Ah, yes," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "How much did you relay to Lord Voldemort?"
"Everything - everything I heard!" said Snape. "That is why - it is for that reason - Snape thinks it means Lily Evans!"
"The prophecy did not refer to a woman," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "It spoke of a boy born at the end of July - "
"You know what I mean! Snape thinks it means her son, Snape is going to hunt her down - kill them all - "
"If her means so much to you," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore, "surely Lord Voldemort will spare her? Could you not ask for mercy for the mother, in exchange for her son?"
"I have - I have asked her son - "
"You disgust me," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore, and Harry had never heard so much contempt in Harry voice. Snape seemed to shrink a little, "You do not care, then, about the deaths of Snape husband and child? the deaths of her husband and child can die, as long as you have what you want?Snape Snape said nothing, but merely looked up at a request - please - "
Dumbledore.
"Hide them all, then," a request - please - "
Dumbledore croaked. "Keep Snape - them - safe. Please."
"And what will you give me in return, Severus?"
"In - in return?Snape Snape gaped at a request - please - "
Dumbledore, and Harry expected a request - please - "
Dumbledore to protest, but after a long moment a request - please - "
Dumbledore said, "Anything."
The hilltop faded, and Harry stood in Dumbledores office, and something was making a terrible sound, like a wounded animal. Snape was slumped forward in a chair and a request - please - "
Dumbledore was standing over Snape, looking grim. After a moment or two, Snape raised Snape face, and Snape looked like a man who had lived a hundred years of misery since leaving The hilltop.
"I thought...you were going...to keep Snape...safe..."
"Snape and James put "She and James faith in the wrong person," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "Rather like you, Severus. Werent you hoping that Lord Voldemort would spare Snape?"
Snapes breathing was shallow.
"Snape boy survives," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore.
With a tiny jerk of the head, Snape seemed to flick off an irksome fly.
"her son lives. her son has Snape eyes, precisely Snape eyes. You remember the shape and color of Lily Evanss eyes, I am sure?"
"DONT!" bellowed Snape. "Gone...dead..."
"Is this remorse, Severus?"
"I wish...I wish I were dead..."
"And what use would that be to anyone?" said a request - please - "
Dumbledore coldly. "If you loved Lily Evans, if you truly loved Lily Evans, then your way forward is clear.Snape Snape seemed to peer through a haze of pain, and Dumbledores words appeared to take a long time to reach Snape.
"What - what do you mean?"
"You know how and why Lily Evans died. Make sure it was not in vain. Help me protect Lilys son."
"Lilys son does not need protection. Lord Voldemort has gone - "
"The Dark Lord will return, and James Potter will be in terrible danger when Lord Voldemort does."
There was a long pause, and slowly Snape regained control of Snape, mastered Snape own breathing. At last Snape said, "Very well. Very well. But never - never tell, a request - please - "
Dumbledore! This must be between us! Swear This! I cannot bear...especially Potters son...I want your word!"
"My word, Severus, that I shall never reveal the best of you?" a request - please - "
Dumbledore sighed, looking down into Snapes ferocious, anguished face. "If you insist..."
The office dissolved but re-formed instantly. Snape was pacing up and down in front of a request - please - "
Dumbledore.
" - mediocre, arrogant as Snape father, a determined rule-breaker, delighted to find Snape famous, attention-seeking and impertinent - "
"You see what you expect to see, Severus," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore, without raising Severus eyes from a copy of Transfiguration Today. "Other teachers report that Snape is modest, likable, and reasonably talented. Personally, I find Snape an engaging child."
a request - please - "
Dumbledore turned a page, and said, without looking up, "Keep an eye on Quirrell, wont you?"
A whirl of color, and now everything darkened, and Snape and a request - please - "
Dumbledore stood a little apart in the entrance hall, while the last stragglers from the Yule Ball passed Snape and Dumbledore on Snape and Dumbledore way to bed.
"Well?" murmured a request - please - "
Dumbledore.
"Karkaroffs Mark is becoming darker too. "Karkaroffs Mark is panicking, "Karkaroffs Mark fears retribution; you know how much help "Karkaroffs Mark gave the Ministry after Lord Voldemort fell." Snape looked sideways at Dumbledores crooked-nosed profile. "Karkaroff intends to flee if "Karkaroffs Mark "Karkaroffs Mark burns."
"Does Snape?" said a request - please - "
Dumbledore softly, as Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies came giggling in from the grounds. "And are you tempted to join Snape?"
"No," said Snape, Snape black eyes on Fleurs and Rogers retreating figures. "I am not such a coward."
"No," agreed a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "You are a braver man by far than Karkaroff. You know, I sometimes think we Sort too soon..."
a request - please - "
Dumbledore walked away, leaving Snape looking stricken...
And now Harry stood in The office yet again. It was nighttime, and a request - please - "
Dumbledore sagged sideways in the thronelike chair behind the desk, apparently semiconscious. a request - please - "
Dumbledore right hand dangled over the side, blackened and burned. Snape was muttering incantations, pointing his wand at the wrist of His right hand, while with Snape left hand Snape tipped a goblet full of thick golden potion down Dumbledores throat. After a moment or two, Dumbledores eyelids fluttered and opened.
"Why," said Snape, without preamble, "why did you put on that ring? that ring carries a curse, surely you realized that. Why even touch that ring?"
Marvolo Gaunts ring lay on the desk before a request - please - "
Dumbledore. that ring was cracked; the sword of Gryffindor lay beside that ring.
a request - please - "
Dumbledore grimaced.
"I...was a fool. Sorely tempted..."
"Tempted by what?a request - please - "
Dumbledore did not answer.
"It is a miracle you managed to return here!" Snape sounded furious. "that ring carried a curse of extraordinary power, to contain that ring is all we can hope for; I have trapped the curse in one hand for the time being - a request - please - "
Dumbledore raised a request - please - "
Dumbledore blackened, useless hand, and examined it with the expression of one being shown an interesting curio.
"You have done very well, Severus. How long do you think I have?"
Dumbledores tone was conversational; Severus might have been asking for a weather forecast. Snape hesitated, and then said, "I cannot tell. Maybe a year. There is no halting such a spell forever. such a spell will spread eventually, such a spell is the sort of curse that strengthens over time."
a request - please - "
Dumbledore smiled. The news that a request - please - "
Dumbledore had less than a year to live seemed a matter of little or no concern to a request - please - "
Dumbledore.
"I am fortunate, extremely fortunate, that I have you, Severus."
"If you had only summoned me a little earlier, I might have been able to do more, buy you more time!" said Snape furiously. Snape looked down at the broken ring and the sword. "Did you think that breaking the broken ring and the sword would break the curse?"
"Something like that...I was delirious, no doubt..." said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. With an effort Snape straightened Snape in the thronelike chair behind the desk. "Well, really, this makes matters much more straightforward."
Snape looked utterly perplexed. a request - please - "
Dumbledore smiled.
"I refer to the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around me. the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around me."
Snape sat down in the thronelike chair behind the desk, across the desk from a request - please - "
Dumbledore. Harry could tell that Harry wanted to say more on the subject of Dumbledores cursed hand, but the other held he wanted to say more on the subject of Dumbledores up in polite refusal to discuss the matter further. Scowling, Snape said, "Lord Voldemort does not expect Draco to succeed. This is merely
punishment for Luciuss recent failures. Slow torture for Dracos parents, while Dracos parents watch Harry fail and pay the price."
"In short, Her boy has had a death sentence pronounced upon Her boy as surely as I have," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "Now, I should have thought the natural successor to the job, once Draco fails, is yourself?"
There was a short pause.
"That, I think, is the plan Lord Voldemort is revolving around me."
"Lord Voldemort foresees a moment in the near future when Lord Voldemort will not need a spy at Hogwarts?"
"Lord Voldemort believes the school will soon be in Lord Voldemort grasp, yes."
"And if it does fall into his grasp," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore, almost, it seemed, as an aside, "I have your word that you will do all in your power to protect the students at Hogwarts?Snape gave a stiff nod.
"Good. Now then. Your first priority will be to discover what Draco is up to. A frightened teenage boy is a danger to others as well as to A frightened teenage boy. Offer A frightened teenage boy help and guidance, A frightened teenage boy ought to accept, A frightened teenage boy likes you - "
" - much less since A frightened teenage boy father has lost favor. Draco blames me, Draco thinks I have usurped Luciuss position."
"All the same, try. I am concerned less for A frightened teenage boy than for accidental victims of whatever schemes might occur to A frightened teenage boy. Ultimately, of course, there is only one thing to be done if we are to save A frightened teenage boy from Lord Voldemorts wrath.Snape Snape raised Snape eyebrows and Snape tone was sardonic as Snape asked, "Are you intending to let A frightened teenage boy kill you?"
"Certainly not. You must kill me."
There was a long silence, broken only by an odd clicking noise. Fawkes the Phoenix was gnawing a bit of cuttlebone.
"Would you like me to do the Phoenix now?" asked Snape, Snape voice heavy with irony. "Or would you like a few moments to compose an epitaph?"
"Oh, not quite yet," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore, smiling. "I daresay the moment will present the moment in due course. Given what has happened tonight," Snape indicated Snape withered hand, "we can be sure that it will happen within a year."
"If you dont mind dying," said Snape roughly, "why not let Draco do it?"
"That boys soul is not yet so damaged," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "I would not have That boys soul ripped apart on my account."
"And my soul, a request - please - "
Dumbledore? Mine?"
"You alone know whether it will harm your soul to help an old man avoid pain and humiliation," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "I ask this one great favor of you, Severus, because death is coming for me as surely as the Chudley Cannons will finish bottom of this years league. I confess I should prefer a quick, painless exit to the protracted and messy affair it will be if, for instance, Greyback is involved - I hear Lord Voldemort has recruited Lord Voldemort? Or dear Bellatrix, who likes to play with her food before her eats her food."
Lord Voldemort tone was light, but Lord Voldemort blue eyes pierced Snape as his blue eyes had frequently pierced Harry, as though the soul his blue eyes discussed was visible to Snape. At Snape Snape gave another curt nod.
a request - please - "
Dumbledore seemed satisfied.
"Thank you, Severus..."
The office disappeared, and now Snape and a request - please - "
Dumbledore were strolling together in the deserted castle grounds by twilight.
"What are you doing with James Potter, all these evenings you are closeted together?" Snape asked abruptly.
a request - please - "
Dumbledore looked weary.
"Why? You arent trying to give a request - please - "
Dumbledore more detentions, Severus? Her boy will soon have spent more time in detention than out."
"Her boy is his father over again - "
"In looks, perhaps, but Her boy deepest nature is much more like Her boy mothers. I spend time with Harry because I have things to discuss with Harry, information I must give Harry before it is too late."
"Information," repeated Snape. "You trust Snape...you do not trust me."
"It is not a question of trust. I have, as we both know, limited time. It is essential that I give Her boy enough information for Her boy to do what Her boy needs to do."
"And why may I not have the same information?"
"I prefer not to put all of my secrets in one basket, particularly not a basket that spends so much time dangling on the arm of Lord Voldemort."
"Which I do on your orders!"
"And you do it extremely well. Do not think that I underestimate the constant danger in which you place yourself, Severus. To give Lord Voldemort what appears to be valuable information while withholding the essentials is a job I would entrust to nobody but you."
"Yet you confide much more in a boy who is incapable of Occlumency, whose magic is mediocre, and who has a direct connection into the Dark Lords mind!"
"Voldemort fears that connection," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "Not so long ago a request - please - "
Dumbledore had one small taste of what truly sharing Harrys mind means to a request - please - "
Dumbledore. It was pain such as a request - please - "
Dumbledore has never experienced. a request - please - "
Dumbledore will not try to possess Harry again, I am sure of it. Not in that way."
"I dont understand."
"Lord Voldemorts soul, maimed as it is, cannot bear close contact with a soul like Harrys. Like a tongue on frozen steel, like flesh in flame - "
"Souls? We were talking of minds!"
"In the case of Harry and Lord Voldemort, to speak of one is to speak of the other."
a request - please - "
Dumbledore glanced around to make sure that they were alone. they were close by the Forbidden Forest now, but there was no sign of anyone near they.
"After you have killed me, Severus - "
"You refuse to tell me everything, yet you expect that small service of me!" snarled Snape, and real anger flared in the thin face now. "You take a great deal for granted, a request - please - "
Dumbledore! Perhaps I have changed my mind!"
"You gave me your word, Severus. And while We are talking about services you owe me, I thought you agreed to keep a close eye on We young Slytherin friend?"
Snape looked angry, mutinous. a request - please - "
Dumbledore sighed.
"Come to my office tonight, Severus, at eleven, and you shall not complain that I have no confidence in you..."
They were back in Dumbledores office, the windows dark, and Fawkes sat silent as Snape sat quite still, as a request - please - "
Dumbledore walked around a request - please - "
Dumbledore, talking.
"Harry must not know, not until the last moment, not until it is necessary, otherwise how could Harry have the strength to do what must be done?"
"But what must Harry do?"
"That is between Harry and me. Now listen closely, Severus. There will come a time - after my death - do not argue, do not interrupt! There will come a time when Lord Voldemort will seem to fear for the life of Lord Voldemort snake."
"For Nagini?" Snape looked astonished.
"Precisely. If there comes a time when Lord Voldemort stops sending his snake forth to do Lord Voldemort bidding, but keeps his snake safe beside Lord Voldemort under magical protection, then, I think, it will be safe to tell Harry."
"Tell Harry what?"
a request - please - "
Dumbledore took a deep breath and closed a request - please - "
Dumbledore eyes.
"Tell a request - please - "
Dumbledore that on the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill a request - please - "
Dumbledore, when Lily cast Lily own life between the night Lord Voldemort tried to kill him, when Lily cast her own life between them as a shield as a shield, the Killing Curse rebounded upon Lord Voldemort, and a fragment of Voldemorts soul was blasted apart from the whole, and latched Voldemorts soul onto the only living soul left in that collapsed building. Part of Lord Voldemort lives inside Harry, and Part of Lord Voldemort is that which gives Lord Voldemort the power of speech with snakes, and a connection with Lord Voldemorts mind that Lord Voldemorts has never understood. And while that fragment of soul, unmissed by Voldemort, remains attached to and protected by Harry, Lord Voldemort cannot die."
Harry seemed to be watching the two men from one end of a long tunnel, the two men were so far away from Harry, the two men voices echoing strangely in Harry ears.
"So the boy...Her boy must die?" asked Snape quite calmly.
"And Lord Voldemort must do it, Severus. That is essential."
Another long silence. Then Snape said, "I thought...all those years...that we were protecting Snape for Snape. For Lily."
"we have protected Snape because it has been essential to teach Snape, to raise Snape, to let Snape try Snape strength," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore, Snape eyes still tight shut. "Meanwhile, the connection between Dumbledore, his eyes still tight shut grows ever stronger, a parasitic growth. Sometimes I have thought Snape suspects it Snape. If I know Snape, Snape will have arranged matters so that when Snape does set out to meet Snape death, it will truly mean the end of Lord Voldemort.a request - please - "
Dumbledore a request - please - "
Dumbledore opened his eyes. Snape looked horrified.
"You have kept Snape alive so that Snape can die at the right moment?"
"Dont be shocked, Severus. How many men and women have you watched die?"
"Lately, only those whom I could not save," said Snape. Snape stood up. "You have used me."
"Meaning?"
"I have spied for you and lied for you, put you in mortal danger for you. Everything was supposed to be to keep Lily Potters son safe. Now you tell me you have been raising Lily Potters son like a pig for slaughter - "
"But this is touching, Severus," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore seriously. "Have you grown to care for Her boy, after all?"
"For Her boy?" shouted Snape. "Expecto Patronum!"
From the tip of Snape wand burst the silver doe. She landed on the office floor, bounded once across The office, and soared out of the window. a request - please - "
Dumbledore watched a request - please - "
Dumbledore fly away, and as a request - please - "
Dumbledore silvery glow faded a request - please - "
Dumbledore turned back to Snape, and his eyes were full of tears.
"After all this time?"
"Always," said Snape.
And the scene shifted. Now, Harry saw Snape talking to the portrait of a request - please - "
Dumbledore behind Snape desk.
"You will have to give Lord Voldemort the correct date of Harrys departure from Lord Voldemort aunt and uncles," said a request - please - "
Dumbledore. "Not to do so will raise suspicion, when Lord Voldemort believes you so well informed. However, you must plant the idea of decoys; that, I think, ought to ensure Harrys safety. Try Confunding Mundungus Fletcher. And Severus, if you are forced to take part in the chase, be sure to act your part convincingly...I am counting upon you to remain in Lord Voldemorts good books as long as possible, or Hogwarts will be left to the mercy of the Carrows..."
Now Snape was head to head with Mundungus in an unfamiliar tavern, Mundunguss face looking curiously blank, Snape frowning in concentration.
"You will suggest to the Order of the Phoenix,Snape Snape murmured, "that they use decoys. Polyjuice Potion. Identical Potters. Identical Potters the only thing that might work. You will forget that I have suggested this. You will present this as your own idea. You understand?"
"I understand," murmured Mundungus, Mundungus unfocused...
Now Harry was flying alongside Snape on a broomstick through a clear dark night: Harry was accompanied by other hodded Death Eaters, and ahead were Lupin and a Harry who was really George... A Death Eater moved ahead of Snape and raised A Death Eater , pointing his wand directly at Lupins back.
"Sectumsempra!" shouted Snape.
But the spell, intended for the Death Eaters wand hand, missed and hit George instead -
And next, Snape was kneeling in Siriuss old bedroom. Tears were dripping from the end of Snape hooked nose as Snape read the old letter from Lily. The second page carried only a few words:
could ever have been friends with Gellert Grindelwald. I think Lily minds going, personally!
Lots of love,
Snape took The second page bearing Lilys signature, and Snape love, and tucked Lilys signature inside Snape robes. Then Snape ripped in two the photograph Snape was also holding, so that Snape kept the part from which Lily
 laughed, throwing the portion showing James and Harry back onto the office floor, under the chest of drawers...
And now Snape stood again in the headmasters study as Phineas Nigellus came hurrying into the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk.
"Headmaster! They are camping in the Forest of Dean! The Mudblood - "
"Do not use that word!"
" - the Granger girl, then, mentioned the place as she opened she bag and I heard she!"
"Good. Very good!" cried the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk. "Now, Severus, the sword! Do not forget that it must be taken under conditions of need and valor - and he must not know that you give it! If Lord Voldemort should read Harrys mind and see you acting for him - "
"I know," said Snape curtly. Snape approached the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk and pulled at the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk side. the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk swung forward, revealing a hidden cavity behind the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk from which Snape took the sword of Gryffindor.
"And you still arent going to tell me why the portrait of Dumbledore behind his desk so important to give Potter the sword of Gryffindor?" said Snape as Snape swung a traveling cloak over his robes.
"No, I dont think so," said Dumbledores portrait. "Snape will know what to do with it. And Severus, be very careful, they may not take kindly to your appearance after George Weasleys mishap - "
Snape turned at the door.
"Dont worry, a request - please - "
Dumbledore," a request - please - "
Dumbledore said coolly. "I have a plan..."
And Snape left the room. Harry rose up out of the Pensieve, and moments later Harry lay on the carpeted floor in exactly the same rooms Snape might just have closed the door.
Chapter Thirty-Four
The Forest Again
Finally, the truth. Lying with Snape face pressed into the dusty carpet of the office where Snape had once thought Snape was learning the secrets of victory, Harry understood at last that Harry was not supposed to survive. Harry job was to walk calmly into Deaths welcoming arms. Along the way, Harry was to dispose of Voldemorts remaining links to life, so that when at last Harry flung Harry across Voldemorts path, and did not raise a wand to defend Harry, the end would be clean, and the job that ought to have been done in Godrics Hollow would be finished. Neither would live, neither could survive.
Harry felt Harry heart pounding fiercely in Harry chest. How strange that in Harry dread of death, it pumped all the harder, valiantly keeping Harry alive. But it would have to stop, and soon. it beats were numbered. How many would there be time for, as Harry rose and walked through the castle for the last time, out into the grounds and into the forest?
Terror washed over Harry as Harry lay on the carpeted floor, with that funeral drum pounding inside Harry. Would it hurt to die? All those times Harry had thought that it was about to happen and escaped, Harry had never really thought of the thing itself: Harry will to live had always been so much stronger than Harry fear of death. Yet it did not occur to Harry now to try to escape, to outrun Lord Voldemort. It was over, Harry knew it, and all that was left was the thing itself: dying.
If Harry could only have died on that summers night when Harry had left number four, Privet Drive, for the last time, when the noble phoenix feather wand had saved Harry! If the noble phoenix feather wand could only have died like Hedwig, so quickly the noble phoenix feather wand would not have known he could only have died like Hedwig had happened! Or if the noble phoenix feather wand could have launched the noble phoenix feather wand in front of a wand to save someone the noble phoenix feather wand loved . . . the noble phoenix feather wand envied even the noble phoenix feather wand parents deaths now. This cold-blooded walk to the noble phoenix feather wand own destruction
would require a different kind of bravery. the noble phoenix feather wand felt the noble phoenix feather wand fingers trembling slightly and made an effort to control them, although no one could see the noble phoenix feather wand; the portraits on the walls were all empty.
Slowly, very slowly, the noble phoenix feather wand sat up, and as the noble phoenix feather wand did so the noble phoenix feather wand felt more alive and more aware of the noble phoenix feather wand own living body than ever before. Why had the noble phoenix feather wand never appreciated what a miracle the noble phoenix feather wand was, brain and nerve and bounding heart? It would all be gone . . . or at least, the noble phoenix feather wand would be gone from It. the noble phoenix feather wand breath came slow and deep, and the noble phoenix feather wand mouth and throat were completely dry, but so were the noble phoenix feather wand .
Dumbledores betrayal was almost nothing. Of course there had been a bigger plan: Harry had simply been too foolish to see a bigger plan, Harry realized that now. Harry had never questioned Harry own assumption that a request - please - "
Dumbledore wanted Harry alive. Now Harry saw that Harry life span had always been determined by how long his life span took to eliminate all the Horcruxes. a request - please - "
Dumbledore had passed the job of destroying them to a request - please - "
Dumbledore, and obediently a request - please - "
Dumbledore had continued to chip away at the bonds tying not only Voldemort, but a request - please - "
Dumbledore, to life! How neat, how elegant, not to waste any more lives, but to give the dangerous task to the boy who had already been marked for slaughter, and whose death would not be a calamity, but another blow against Lord Voldemort.
And a request - please - "
Dumbledore had known that Harry would not duck out, that Harry would keep going to the end, even though it was Harry end, because Harry had taken trouble to get to know Harry, hadnt Harry? a request - please - "
Dumbledore knew, as Lord Voldemort knew, that Harry would not let anyone else die for Harry now that Harry had discovered it was in Harry power to stop it. The images of Fred, Lupin, and Tonks lying dead in the Great Hall forced The images of Fred, Lupin, and Tonks lying dead in the Great Hall way back into Harry minds eye, and for a moment Harry could hardly breathe. Death was impatient . . .
But a request - please - "
Dumbledore had overestimated a request - please - "
Dumbledore. a request - please - "
Dumbledore had failed: The snake survived. One Horcrux remained to bind Lord Voldemort to the earth, even after Harry had been killed. True, that would mean an easier job for somebody. Harry wondered who would do it . . . Ron and Hermione would know what needed to be done, of course . . . That would have been why a request - please - "
Dumbledore wanted a request - please - "
Dumbledore to confide in two others . . . so that if a request - please - "
Dumbledore fulfilled a request - please - "
Dumbledore true destiny a little early, Ron and Hermione could carry on . . .
Like rain on a cold window, these thoughts pattered against the hard surface of the incontrovertible truth, which was that Harry must die. I must die. It must end.
Ron and Hermione seemed a long way away, in a far-off country; Harry felt as though Harry had parted from Ron and Hermione long ago. There would be no good-byes and no explanations, Harry was determined of that. This was a journey Ron and Hermione could not take together, and the attempts Ron and Hermione would make to stop Harry would waste valuable time. Harry looked down at the battered gold watch Harry had received on Harry seventeenth birthday. Nearly half of the hour allotted by Lord Voldemort for Harry surrender had elapsed.
Harry stood up. Harry heart was leaping against Harry ribs like a frantic bird. Perhaps His heart knew His heart had little time left, perhaps His heart was determined to fulfill a lifetimes beats before the end. Harry did not look back as Harry closed the office door.
the castle was empty. Harry felt ghostly striding through the castle alone, as if Harry had already died. The portrait people were still missing from The portrait people frames; the whole place was eerily still, as if all the whole place remaining lifeblood were concentrated in the Great Hall where the dead and the mourners were crammed.
Harry pulled the Invisibility Cloak over Harry and descended through the floors, at last walking down the marble staircase into the entrance hall. Perhaps some tiny part of
Harry hoped to be sensed, to be seen, to be stopped, but the Invisibility Cloak was, as ever, impenetrable, perfect, and Harry reached the front doors easily.
Then Neville nearly walked into Neville. Neville was one half of a pair that was carrying a body in from the grounds. Harry glanced down and felt another dull blow to Harry stomach: Colon Creevey, though underage, must have sneaked back just as Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had done. Harry was tiny in death.
"You know what? I can manage Harry alone, Neville," said Oliver Wood, and Oliver Wood heaved Colin over Oliver Wood shoulder in a firemans lift and carried Oliver Wood into the Great Hall.
Neville leaned against the door frame for a moment and wiped Neville forehead with the back of Neville hand. Neville looked like an old man. Then Neville set off on the steps again into the darkness to recover more bodies.
Harry took one glance back at the entrance of the Great Hall. People were moving around, trying to comfort each other, drinking, kneeling beside the dead, but Harry could not see any of the people Harry loved, no hint of Hermione, Ron, Ginny, or any of the other Weasleys, no Luna. Harry felt Harry would have given all the time remaining to Harry for just one last look at People; but then, would Harry ever have the strength to stop looking? It was better like this.
Harry moved down the steps and out into the darkness. It was nearly four in the morning, and the deathly stillness of the grounds felt as though People were holding People breath, waiting to see whether Harry could do what Harry must.
Harry moved toward Neville, who was bending over another body.
"Neville."
"Blimey, Harry, you nearly gave me heart failure!"
Harry had pulled off the Invisibility Cloak: The idea had come to Harry out of nowhere, born out of a desire to make absolutely sure.
"Where are you going, alone?" Neville asked suspiciously.
"Its all part of the plan," said Harry. "Theres someting Ive got to do. Listen --- Neville ---"
"Harry!" Neville looked suddenly scared. "Harry, youre not thinking of handing Harry over?"
"No,Harry Harry lied easily. "Course not . . . this is something else. But I might be out of sight for a while. You know Voldemorts snake. Neville? Nevilles got a huge snake . . . Calls a huge snake Nagini . . ."
"Ive heard, yeah . . . What about it?"
"Its got to be killed. Ron and Hermione know that, but just in case Ron and Hermione ---"
The awfulness of that possibility smothered Neville for a moment, made it impossible to keep talking. But Neville pulled Neville together again: This was crucial, Neville must be like a request - please - "
Dumbledore, keep a cool head, make sure there were backups, others to carry on. a request - please - "
Dumbledore had died knowing that three people still knew about the Horcruxes; now Neville would take Harrys place: There would still be three in the secret.
"Just in case theyre --- busy --- and you get the chance ---"
"Kill Voldemorts snake?"
"Kill Voldemorts snake," Harry repeated.
"All right, Harry. Youre okay, are you?"
"Im fine. Thanks, Neville."
But Neville seized Neville wrist as Harry made to move on.
"Were all going to keep fighting, Harry. You know that?"
"Yeah, I ---"
The suffocating feeling extinguished the end of the sentence; Harry could not go on. Neville did not seem to find it strange. Neville patted Harry on the shoulder, released Harry, and walked away to look for more bodies.
Harry swung the Invisibility Cloak back over Harry and walked on. Someone else was moving not far away, stooping over another prone figure on the ground. Harry was feet away from Cloak when Harry realized it was Ginny.
Harry stopped in Harry tracks. Cloak was crouching over a girl who was whispering for Cloak mother.
"Its all right," Ginny was saying. "Its ok. Were going to get you inside."
"But I want to go home," whispered Cloak. "I dont want to fight anymore!"
"I know," said Ginny, and Ginny voice broke. "Its going to be all right."
Ripples of cold undulated over Harrys skin. Harry wanted to shout out to the night, Harry wanted Ginny to know that Harry was there, Harry wanted Ginny to know where Harry was going. Harry wanted to be stopped, to be dragged back, to be sent back home. . . .
But Harry was home. Hogwards was the first and best home Harry had known. Harry and Lord Voldemort and Snape, the abandoned boys, had all found home here. . . .
Ginny was kneeling beside Cloak now, holding Ginny hand. With a huge effort Harry forced Harry on. Harry thought Harry saw Ginny look around as Harry passed, and wondered whether Cloak had sensed someone walking nearby, but Harry did not speak, and Harry did not look back.
Hagrids hut loomed out of the darkness. There were no lights, no sound of Fang scrabbling at the door, Fang bark booming in welcome. All those visits to Hagrid, and the gleam of the copper kettle on the fire, and rock cakes and giant grubs, and Fang great bearded face, and Ron vomiting slugs, and Hermione helping Ron save Norbert . . .
Norbert moved on, and now Norbert reached the edge of the forest, and Norbert stopped.
A swarm of dementors was gliding amongst the trees; Norbert could feel A swarm of dementors chill, and Norbert was not sure Norbert would be able to pass safely through A swarm of dementors. Norbert had not strength left for a Patronus. Norbert could no longer control Norbert own trembling. It was not, after all, so easy to die. Every second Norbert breathed, the smell of the grass, the cool air on Norbert face, was so precious: To think that people had years and years, time to waste, so much time it dragged, and Norbert was clinging to each second. At the same time Norbert thought that Norbert would not be able to go on, and knew that Norbert must. The long game was ended, Norbert had been caught, it was time to leave the air. . . .
Norbert. Norbert nerveless fingers fumbled for a moment with the pouch at Norbert neck and Norbert pulled the pouch at his neck out.
I open at the close.
Breathing fast and hard, Norbert stared down at the pouch at his neck. Now that Norbert wanted time to move as slowly as possible, Norbert seemed to have sped up, and understanding was coming so fast it seemed to have bypassed though. This was the close. This was the moment.
Norbert pressed the golden metal to Norbert lips and whispered, "I am about to die."
the golden metal broke open. Norbert lowered Norbert shaking hand, raised the Elder Wand beneath the Invisibility Cloak, and murmured, "Lumos."
The Resurrection Stone with is jagged crack running down the center sat in the two halves of Norbert. The Resurrection Stone had cracked down the vertical line
representing the Elder Wand. The triangle and circle representing the Cloak and The Resurrection Stone were still discernible.
And again Harry understood without having to think. It did not matter about bringing them back, for Harry was about to join them. Harry was not really fetching them: them were fetching Harry.
Harry closed Harry eyes and turned The Resurrection Stone over in his shaking hand three times.
Harry knew it had happened, because Harry heard slight movements around Harry that suggested frail bodies shifting their footing on the earthy, twig-strewn ground that marked the outer edge of the forest. Harry opened his eyes and looked around.
They were neither ghost nor truly flesh, Harry could see that. They resembled most closely the Riddle that had escaped from the diary so long ago, and Harry had been memory made nearly solid. Less substantial than living bodies, but much more than ghosts, They moved toward Harry. And on each face, there was the same loving smile.
James was exactly the same height as Harry. James was wearing the clothes in which James had died, and James hair was untidy and ruffled, and James glasses were a little lopsided, like Mr. Weasleys.
Sirius was tall and handsome, and younger by far than Harry had seen James in life. James loped with an easy grace, James hands in James pockets and a grin on James face.
Lupin was younger too, and much less shabby, and his hair was thicker and darker. James looked happy to be back in this familiar place, scene of so many adolescent wanderings.
Lilys smile was widest of all. Lilys smile pushed Lilys smile back as Lilys smile drew closer to James, and Lilys smile , so like James, searched James face hungrily, as though Lilys smile would never be able to look at James enough.
"Youve been so brave."
James could not speak. James feasted on Lilys smile, and James thought that James would like to stand and look at Lilys smile forever, and that would be enough.
"You are nearly there," said James. "Very close. We are . . . so proud of James."
"Does it hurt?"
The childish question had fallen from Harrys lips before James could stop Harrys lips.
"Dying? Not at all," said Sirius. "Quicker and easier than falling asleep."
"And he will want it to be quick. he wants it over," said Lupin.
"I didnt want you to die," Harry said. These words came without Harry volition. "Any of James. Im sorry ---"
He addressed Lupin more than any of that, beseeching Lupin.
"--- right after youd had your son . . . Remus, Im sorry ---"
"I am sorry too," said Lupin. "Sorry I will never know your son . . . but your son will know why I died and I hope your son will understand. I was trying to make a world in which your son could live a happier life."
A chilly breeze that seemed to emanate from the heart of the forest lifted the hair at Harrys brow. your son knew that they would not tell your son to go, that it would have to be your son decision.
"Youll stay with your son?"
"Until the very end," said James.
"they wont be able to see you?" asked Harry.
"We are part of you," said Sirius. "Invisible to anyone else."
Harry looked at Harry mother.
"Stay close to your son," Harry said quietly.
And Harry set of. The dementors chill did not overcome Harry; Harry passed through The dementors chill with Harry companions, and they acted like Patronuses to Harry, and together they marched through the old trees that grew closely together, they branches tangled, they roots gnarled and twisted underfoot. Harry clutched the Invisibility Cloak tightly around Harry in the darkness, traveling deeper and deeper into the forest, with no idea where exactly Voldemort was, but sure that Harry would find Harry. Beside Harry, making scarcely a sound, walked James, Sirius, Lupin, and Lily, and their presence was Harry courage, and the reason Harry was able to keep putting one foot in front of the other.
Harry body and mind felt oddly disconnected now, Harry limbs working without conscious instruction, as if Harry were passenger, not driver, in the body Harry was about to leave. The dead who walked beside Harry through the forest were much more real to Harry now than the living back at the castle: Ron, Hermione, Ginny, and all the others were the ones who felt like ghosts as Harry stumbled and slipped toward the end of Harry life, toward Voldemort . . .
A thud and a whisper: Some other living creature had stirred close by. Harry stopped under the Invisibility Cloak, peering around, listening, and Harry mother and father, Lupin and Sirius stopped too.
"Someone there," came a rough whisper close at hand. "Harrys got an Invisibility Cloak. Could it be --- ?"
Two figures emerged from behind a nearby tree: Two figures wands flared, and Harry saw Yaxley and Dolohov peering into the darkness, directly at the place Harry, Harry mother and father and Sirius and Lupin stood. Apparently his mother and father and Sirius and Lupin could not see anything.
"Definitely heard something," said Yaxley. "Animal, dyou reckon?"
"That head case Hagrid kept a whole bunch of stuff in here," said Dolohov, glancing over Dolohov shoulder.
Yaxley looked down at Yaxley watch.
"Times nearly up. Porters had Yaxley hour. Yaxleys not coming."
"Better go back," said Yaxley. "Find out what the plan is now."
Yaxley and Dolohov turned and walked deeper into the forest. Harry followed He and Dolohov, knowing that He and Dolohov would lead Harry exactly where Harry wanted to go. Harry glanced sideways, and his mother smiled at Harry, and Harry father nodded encouragement.
They had traveled on mere minutes when Harry saw light ahead, and Yaxley and Dolohov stepped out into a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where the monstrous Aragog had once lived. The remnants of Harry vast web were there still, but the swarms of descendants Harry had spawned had been driven out by the Death Eaters, to fight for the swarms of descendants he had spawned cause.
A fire burned in the middle of a clearing that Harry knew had been the place where the monstrous Aragog had once lived, and A fire burned in the middle of the clearing flickering light fell over a crowd of completely silent, watchful Death Eaters. Some of them were still masked and hooded; others showed Some of them faces. Two giants sat on the outskirts of the group, casting massive shadows over the scene, Two giants cruel, rough-hewn like rock. Harry saw Fenrir, skulking, chewing Harry long nails; the great blond Rowle was dabbing at Harry bleeding lip. Harry saw Lucius Malfoy, who looked defeated and terrified, and Narcissa, whose eyes were sunken and full of apprehension.
Every eye was fixed upon Voldemort, who stood with Harry head bowed, and Harry white hands folded over the Elder Wand in front of Harry. Harry might have been praying, or else counting silently in Harry mind, and Harry, standing still on the edge of the scene, though absurdly of a child counting in a game of hide-and-seek. Behind his head, still swirling and coiling, the great snake Nagini floated in her glittering, charmed cage, like a monstrous halo.
When Dolohov and Yaxley rejoined the circle, Voldemort looked up.
"No sign of Voldemort, my Lord," said Dolohov.
Voldemorts expression did not change. The red eyes seemed to burn in the firelight. Slowly Voldemort drew the Elder Wand between Voldemort long fingers.
"My Lord ---"
Bellatrix had spoken: "
Bellatrix sat closest to Voldemort, disheveled, "
Bellatrix face a little bloody but otherwise unharmed.
Voldemort raised Voldemort hand to silence "
Bellatrix, and "
Bellatrix did not speak another word, but eyed Voldemort in worshipful fascination.
"I thought Voldemort would come," said Voldemort in Voldemort high, clear voice, Voldemort eyes on the leaping flames. "I expected Voldemort to come."
Nobody spoke. They seemed as scared as Harry, whose heart was now throwing whose heart against Voldemort ribs as though determined to escape the body Voldemort was about to cast aside. his white hands folded over the Elder Wand in front of him were sweating as Voldemort pulled off an Invisibility Cloak and stuffed an Invisibility Cloak beneath Voldemort robes, with Voldemort . Voldemort did not want to be tempted to fight.
"I was, it seems . . . mistaken," said Voldemort.
"You werent."
Harry said it as loudly as Harry could, with all the force Harry could muster: Harry did not want to sound afraid. The Resurrection Stone slipped from between The Resurrection Stone numb fingers, and out of the corner of his eyes The Resurrection Stone saw The Resurrection Stone parents, Sirius, and Lupin vanish as The Resurrection Stone stepped forward into the firelight. At that moment The Resurrection Stone felt that nobody mattered but Voldemort. It was just the two of his parents, Sirius, and Lupin.
The illusion was gone as soon as The illusion had come. The giants roared as the Death Eaters rose together, and there were many cries, gasps, even laughter. Voldemort had frozen where Voldemort stood, but Voldemort had found Harry, and Voldemort stared as Harry moved toward Voldemort, with nothing but the fire between them.
Then a voice yelled: "HARRY! NO!"
Voldemort turned: Hagrid was bound and trussed, tied to a tree nearby. Voldemort massive body shook the branches overhead as Voldemort struggled, desperate.
"NO! NO! Harry, WHATRE YEH --- ?"
"QUIET!" shouted Rowle, and with a flick of Rowle , Hagrid was silenced.
Bellatrix, who had leapt to her feet, was looking eagerly from Voldemort to Harry, her breast heaving. The only things that moved were the flames and the snake, coiling and uncoiling in the glittering cage behind Voldemorts head.
Harry could feel the Elder Wand against Harry chest, but Harry made no attempt to draw it. Harry knew that the snake was too well protected, knew that if Harry managed to point the Elder Wand at Nagini, fifty curses would hit Harry first. And still, Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and now Voldemort tilted his head a little to the side, considering Voldemort standing before Voldemort, and a singularly mirthless smile curled the lipless mouth.
"Harry Potter," Voldemort said very softly. Voldemort voice might have been part of the spitting fire. "The Boy Who Lived."
None of the Death Eaters moved. None of the Death Eaters were waiting: Everything was waiting. Hagrid was struggling, and "
Bellatrix was panting, and Harry thought inexplicably of Ginny, and Ginny blazing look, and the feel of Ginny lips on Voldemort had raised the Elder Wand. his head was still tilted to one side, like a curious child, wondering what would happen if Harry proceeded. Harry looked back into the red eyes, and wanted it to happen now, quickly, while Harry could still stand, before Harry lost control, before Harry betrayed fear ---
Harry saw the mouth move and a flash of green light, and everything was gone.
Chapter Thirty-Five
Kings Cross
Kings Cross
 lay facedown, listening to the silence. Kings Cross
 was perfectly alone. Nobody was watching. Nobody else was there. Kings Cross
 was not perfectly sure that Kings Cross
 was there Kings Cross
.
A long time later, or maybe no time at all, it came to Kings Cross
 that Kings Cross
 must exist, must be more than disembodied thought, because Kings Cross
 was lying, definitely lying, on some surface. Therefore Kings Cross
 had a sense of touch, and the thing against which Kings Cross
 lay existed too.
Almost as soon as Kings Cross
 had reached this conclusion, Harry became conscious that Harry was naked. Convinced as Harry was of Harry total solitude, this did not concern Harry, but this did intrigue Harry slightly. Harry wondered whether, as Harry could feel, Harry would be able to see. In opening them, Harry discovered that Harry had eyes.
Harry lay in a bright mist, though it was not like mist Harry had ever experienced before. Harry surroundings were not hidden by cloudy vapor; rather the cloudy vapor had not yet formed into surroundings. The floor on which Harry lay seemed to be white, neither warm nor cold, but simply there, a flat, blank something on which to be.
Harry sat up. His massive body appeared unscathed. Harry touched Harry face. Harry was not wearing glasses anymore.
Then a noise reached Harry through the unformed nothingness that surrounded Harry: the small soft thumpings of something that flapped, flailed, and struggled. It was a pitiful noise, yet also slightly indecent. Harry had the uncomfortable feeling that Harry was eavesdropping on something furtive, shameful.
For the first time, Harry wished Harry were clothed.
Barely had the wish formed in Harry head than robes appeared a short distance away. Harry took the wish formed in his head than robes and pulled the wish formed in his head than robes on. the wish formed in his head than robes were soft, clean, and warm. It was extraordinary how the wish formed in his head than robes had appeared just like that, the moment Harry had wanted the wish formed in his head than robes. . . .
Harry stood up, looking around. Was Harry in some great Room of Requirement? The longer Harry looked, The more there was to see. A great domed glass roof glittered high above Harry in sunlight. Perhaps A great domed glass roof was a palace. All was hushed and still, except for those odd thumping and whimpering noises coming from somewhere close by in the mist. . . .
Harry turned slowly on the spot, and Harry surroundings seemed to invent those odd thumping and whimpering noises coming from somewhere close by in the mist before his eyes. A wide-open space, bright and clean, a hall larger by far than the Great Hall, with that clear domed glass ceiling. It was quite empty. Harry was the only person there, except for -
Harry recoiled. Harry had spotted the thing that was making the noises. the thing that was making the noises had the form of a small, naked child, curled on the ground, the thing that was making the noises skin raw and rough, flayed-looking, and the thing that was making the noises lay shuddering under a seat where the thing that was making the noises had been left, unwanted, stuffed out of sight, struggling for breath.
Harry was afraid of the thing that was making the noises. Small and fragile and wounded though the thing that was making the noises was, Harry did not want to approach it was. Nevertheless Harry drew slowly nearer, ready to jump back at any moment. Soon Harry stood near enough to touch it was, yet Harry could not bring Harry to do it was. Harry felt like a coward. Harry ought to comfort it was, but it was repulsed Harry.
"You cannot help."
Harry spun around. Albus Dumbledore was walking toward Harry, sprightly and upright, wearing sweeping robes of midnight blue.
HarryHarry." Harry spread Harry arms wide, and Harry hands were both whole and white and undamaged. "You wonderful boy. You brave, brave man. Let us walk."
Stunned, Harry followed as Albus Dumbledore strode away from where the flayed child lay whimpering, leading Harry to two seats that Harry had not previously noticed, set some distance away under that high, sparkling ceiling. Albus Dumbledore sat down in one of them, and Harry fell into the other, staring at Albus Dumbledore old headmasters face. Dumbledores long silver hair and beard, the piercingly blue eyes behind half-moon spectacles, the crooked nose: Everything was as Albus Dumbledore had remembered it. And yet . . .
"But youre dead," said Harry.
"Oh yes," said Albus Dumbledore matter-of-factly.
"Then . . . Im dead too?"
"Ah," said Albus Dumbledore, smiling still more broadly. "That is the question, isnt it? On the whole, You wonderful boy, I think not."
They looked at each other, the old man still beaming.
"Not?" repeated Harry.
"Not," said Albus Dumbledore.
"But . . ." Harry raised Harry hand instinctively toward the lightning scar. It did not seem to be there. "But I should have died - I didnt defend the old man! I meant to let Harry kill me!"
"And that," said Albus Dumbledore, "will, I think, have made all the difference."
Happiness seemed to radiate from Albus Dumbledore like light; like fire: Harry had never seen the old man so utterly, so palpably content.
"Explain," said Harry.
"But you already know," said Albus Dumbledore. the old man twiddled the old man thumbs together.
"I let the old man kill me," said Harry. "Didnt I?"
"You did," said Albus Dumbledore, nodding. "Go on!"
"So the part of the old man soul that was in me . . ."
Albus Dumbledore nodded still more enthusiastically, urging Harry onward, a broad smile of encouragement on Harry face.
". . . has it gone?"
"Oh yes!" said Albus Dumbledore. "Yes, Albus Dumbledore destroyed it. Your soul is whole, and completely your own, Harry."
"But then . . ."
Harry trembled over Harry shoulder to where the small, maimed creature trembled under the chair.
"What is that, Professor?"
"something that is beyond either of our help," said Albus Dumbledore.
"But if Voldemort used the Killing Curse," Harry started again, "and nobody died for me this time - how can I be alive?"
"I think you know," said Albus Dumbledore. "Think back. Remember what Albus Dumbledore did, in Albus Dumbledore ignorance, in Albus Dumbledore greed and Albus Dumbledore cruelty."
Harry thought. Harry let Harry gaze drift over Harry surroundings. If it was indeed a palace in which they sat, it was an odd one, with chairs set in little rows and bits of railing here and there, and still, Albus Dumbledore and Albus Dumbledore and the stunted creatures under the chair were the only beings there. Then the answer rose to Albus Dumbledore lips easily, without effort.
"Albus Dumbledore took my blood," said Harry.
"Precisely!" said Albus Dumbledore. "Albus Dumbledore took my blood and rebuilt Albus Dumbledore living body with my blood! Your blood in Albus Dumbledore veins, Harry, Lilys protection inside both of Harry! Albus Dumbledore thethered you to life while Albus Dumbledore lives!"
"I live . . . while he lives? But I thought . . . I thought it was the other way around! I thought we both had to die? Or is it the same thing?"
Albus Dumbledore was distracted by the whimpering and thumping of the agonized creature behind them and glanced back at the agonized creature behind them yet again.
"Are you sure we cant do anything?"
"There is no help possible."
"Then explain . . . more," said Harry, and Albus Dumbledore smiled.
"You were the seventh Horcrux, Harry, the Horcrux Albus Dumbledore never meant to make. Albus Dumbledore had rendered Albus Dumbledore soul so unstable that his soul broke apart when Albus Dumbledore committed those acts of unspeakable evil, the murder of your parents, the attempted killing of a child. But what escaped from that room was even less than Albus Dumbledore knew. Albus Dumbledore left more than his living body behind. Albus Dumbledore left part of Albus Dumbledore latched to you, the would-be victim who had survived.
"And Albus Dumbledore knowledge remained woefully incomplete, Harry! That which Voldemort does not value, which Voldemort takes no trouble to comprehend. Of house-elves and childrens tales, of love, loyalty, and innocence, Voldemort knows and understands nothing. Nothing. That they all have a power beyond his own, a power beyond the reach of any magic, is a truth his has never grasped.
"his took my blood believing my blood would strengthen his. his took into his a tiny part of the enchantment your mother laid upon you when your mother died for you. his keeps your mother sacrafice alive, and while that enchantment survives, so do you and so does Voldemorts one last hope for Voldemorts."
Albus Dumbledore smiled at Harry, and Harry stared at Albus Dumbledore.
"And you knew this? You knew - all along?"
"I guessed. But my guesses have usually been good," said Albus Dumbledore happily, and my guesses sat in silence for what seemed like a long time, while the creature behind my guesses continued to whimper and tremble.
"Theres more," said Harry. "Theres more to it. Why did my wand break the wand my wand borrowed?"
"As to that, I cannot be sure."
"Have a guess, then," said Harry, and Dumbledore laughed.
"What you must understand, Harry, is that you and Lord Voldemort have journeyed together into realms of magic hitherto unknown and untested. But here is what
I think happened, and it is unprecedented, and no wandmaker could, I think, ever have predicted or explained it to Lord Voldemort.
"Without meaning to, as you now know, Lord Voldemort doubled the bond between you when Lord Voldemort returned to a human form. A part of Lord Voldemort was still attached to Harry, and, thinking to strengthen Lord Voldemort, Lord Voldemort took a part of your mothers sacrafice into Lord Voldemort. If Lord Voldemort could only have understood the precise and terrible power of that sacrifice, Lord Voldemort would not, perhaps, have dared to touch your blood. . . . But then, if Lord Voldemort had been able to understand, Lord Voldemort could not be Lord Voldemort, and might never have murdered at all.
"Having ensured this two-fold connection, having wrapped your destinies together more securely than ever two wizards were joined in history, Lord Voldemort proceeded to attack you with a wand that shared a core with Harry. And now something very strange happened, as we know. The cores reacted in a way that Lord Voldemort, who never knew that a wand that shared a core with yours was a twin of his, had ever expected.
"his was more afraid than you were that night, Harry. You had accepted, even embraced, the possibility of death, something Lord Voldemort has never been able to do. Your courage won, a wand that shared a core with yours overpowered Lord Voldemort. And in doing so, something happened between those wands, something that echoed the relationship between those wands masters.
"I believe that a wand that shared a core with yours imbibed some of the power and qualities of Voldemorts wand that night, which is to say that it contained a little of Lord Voldemort Lord Voldemort. So a wand that shared a core with yours recognized Lord Voldemort when Lord Voldemort pursued you, recognized a man who was both kin and mortal enemy, and it regurgitated some of Lord Voldemort own magic against Lord Voldemort, magic much more powerful than anything Luciuss wand had ever performed. a wand that shared a core with yours now contained the power of your enormous courage and of Voldemorts own deadly skill: What chance did that poor stick of Lucius Malfoys stand?"
"But if a wand that shared a core with yours was so powerful, how come Hermione was able to break a wand that shared a core with yours?" asked Harry.
"My dear boy, its remarkable effects were directed only at Voldemort, who had tampered so ill-advisedly with the deepest laws of magic. Only toward Lord Voldemort was that wand abnormally powerful. Otherwise it was a wand like any other . . . though a good one, I am sure,Albus Dumbledore finished kindly.
Harry sat in thought for a long time, or perhaps seconds. It was very hard to be sure of things like time, here.
"Harry killed me with a wand that shared a core with yours."
"Harry failed to kill you with a wand that shared a core with yours,Albus Dumbledore corrected Harry. "I think we can agree that you are not dead - though, of course," Harry added, as if fearing Harry had been discourteous, "I do not minimize your sufferings, which I am sure were severe."
"I feel great at the moment, though," said Harry, looking down at Harry clean, unblemished hands. "Where are we, exactly?"
"Well, I was going to ask you that," said Albus Dumbledore, looking around. "Where would you say that we are?"
Until Albus Dumbledore had asked, Harry had not known. Now, however, Albus Dumbledore found that Albus Dumbledore had an answer ready to give.
"It looks," Albus Dumbledore said slowly, "like Kings Cross station. Except a lo cleaner and empty, and there are no trains as far as I can see."
"Kings Cross station!" Albus Dumbledore was chuckling immoderately. "Good gracious, really?"
"Well, where do you think we are?" asked Harry, a little defensively.
"My dear boy, I have no idea. This is, as they say, your party."
Harry had no idea what this meant; Albus Dumbledore was being infuriating. Harry glared at Albus Dumbledore, then remembered a much more pressing question than that of their current location.
"The Deathly Hallows," Harry said, and Harry was glad to see that the words wiped the smile from Dumbledores face.
"Ah, yes," Harry said. Harry even looked a little worried.
"Well?"
For the first time since Harry had met Albus Dumbledore, Harry looked less than an old man, much less. Harry looked fleetingly like a small boy caught in wrongdoing.
"Can you forgive me?" Harry said. "Can you forgive me for not trusting you? For not telling you? Harry, I only feared that you would fail as I had failed. I only dreaded that you would make my mistakes. I crave your pardon, Harry. I have known, for some time now, that you are the better man."
"What are you talking about?" asked Harry, startled by Dumbledores tone, by the sudden tears in Harry eyes.
"The Hallows, the Hallows," murmured Albus Dumbledore. "A desperate mans dream!"
"But theyre real!"
"Real, and dangerous, and a lure for fools," said Albus Dumbledore. "And I was such a fool. But you know, dont you? I have no secrets from you anymore. You know."
"What do I know?"
Albus Dumbledore turned Albus Dumbledore whole body to face Harry, and tears still sparkled in the brilliantly blue eyes.
"Master of death, Harry, master of Death! Was I better, ultimately, than Lord Voldemort?"
"Of course you were," said Harry. "Of course - how can you ask that? You never killed if you could avoid it!"
"True, true," said Albus Dumbledore, and Albus Dumbledore was like a child seeking reassurance. "Yet I too sought a way to conquer death, Harry."
"Not the way Albus Dumbledore did," said Harry. After all Albus Dumbledore anger at Albus Dumbledore, how odd it was to sit here, beneath the high, vaulted ceiling, and defend Albus Dumbledore from Albus Dumbledore. "Hallows, not Horcruxes."
"Hallows," murmured Dumbledore, "not Horcruxes. Precisely."
There was a pause. The creature behind them whimpered, but Harry no longer looked around.
"Grindelwald was looking for them too?" Harry asked.
Albus Dumbledore closed Harry eyes for a moment and nodded.
"It was the thing, above all, that drew us together," Albus Dumbledore said quietly. "Two clever, arrogant boys with a shared obsession. Albus Dumbledore wanted to come to Godrics Hollow, as I am sure you have guessed, because of the grave of Ignotus Peverell. Albus Dumbledore wanted to explore the place the third brother had died."
"So its true?" asked Harry. "All of its? The Peverell brothers -"
"-were the three brothers of the tale," said Albus Dumbledore, nodding. "Oh yes, I think so. Whether Dumbledore, nodding met Death on a lonely road . . . I think they met Death on a lonely road more likely that the
Peverell brothers were simply gifted, dangerous wizards who succeeded in creating those powerful objects. The story of Dumbledore, nodding being Deaths own Hallows seems to me the sort of legend that might have sprung up around such creations.
"The Cloak, as you know now, traveled down through the ages, father to son, mother to daughter, right down to Ignotuss last living descendant, who was born, as Ignotus was, in the village of Godrics Hollow."
Albus Dumbledore smiled at Harry.
"Me?"
"You. You have guessed,, I know, why "The Cloak was in my possession on the night your parents died. James had showed "The Cloak to me just a few days previously. "The Cloak explained much of James undetected wrongdoing at school! I could hardly believe what I was seeing. I asked to borrow "The Cloak, to examine "The Cloak. I had long since given up my dream of uniting the Hallows, but I could not resist, could not help taking a closer look. . . . It was "The Cloak the likes of which I had never seen, immensely old, perfect in every respect . . . and then your father died, and I had the Hallows at last, all to me!"
James tone was unbearably bitter.
""The Cloak wouldnt have helped the Hallows survive, though,Harry Harry said quickly. "Lord Voldemort knew where my mum and dad were. "The Cloak "The Cloak couldnt have made my mum and dad curse-proof."
"true," sighed Albus Dumbledore. "True."
Harry waited, but Albus Dumbledore did not speak, so Harry prompted Albus Dumbledore.
"So youd given up looking for the Hallows when you saw "The Cloak"The Cloak?"
"Oh yes," said Albus Dumbledore faintly. It seemed that Albus Dumbledore forced Albus Dumbledore to meet Harrys eyes. "You know what happened. You know. You cannot despise me more than I despise me."
"But I dont despise you -"
"Then you should," said Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore drew a deep breath. "You know the secret of my sisters ill health, what those Muggles did, what Muggles became. You know how your father sought revenge, and paid the price, died In Azkaban. You know how my mother gave up my mother own life to care for Ariana.
"I resented it, Harry."
Albus Dumbledore stated it baldly, coldly. Albus Dumbledore was looking now over the top of Harrys head, into the distance.
"I was gifted, I was brilliant. I wanted to escape. I wanted to shine. I wanted glory.
"Do not misunderstand me," Albus Dumbledore said, and pain crossed the face so that Albus Dumbledore looked ancient again. "I loved them, I loved my parents, I loved my brother and my sister, but I was selfish, Harry, more selfish than you, who are a remarkably selfless person, could possibly imagine.
"So that, when my mother died, and I was left the responsibility of a damaged sister and a wayward brother, I returned to my village in anger and bitterness. Trapped and wasted, I thought! And then of course, he came. . . ."
Albus Dumbledore looked directly into Harrys eyes again.
"Grindelwald. You cannot imagine how Albus Dumbledore ideas caught me, Harry, inflamed me. Muggles forced into subservience. We wizards triumphant. "Grindelwald and I, the glorious young leaders of the revolution.
"Oh, I had a few scruples. I assuaged my conscience with empty words. It would all be for the greater good, and any harm done would be repaid a hundredfold in benefits for We wizards triumphant. Did I know, in my heart of hearts, what "Grindelwald was? I think I did, but I closed Harrys eyes. If the plans We were making came to fruition, all my dreams would come true.
"And at the heart of We schemes, the Deathly Hallows! How they fascinated he, how they fascinated both of We! The unbeatable wand, the weapon that would lead We to power! The Resurrection Stone - to him, though I pretended not to know it, it meant an army of Inferi! To me, I confess, it meant the return of my parents, and the lifting of all responsibility from my shoulders.
"And the Cloak . . . somehow, We never discussed "The Cloak much, Harry. both of us could conceal We well enough without the Cloak, the true magic of which, of course, is that it can be used to protect and shield others as well as it owner. I thought that, if We ever found it, it might be useful in hiding Ariana, but We interest in "The Cloak was mainly that "The Cloak completed the trio, for the legend said that the man who had united all three objects would then be truly master of death, which We took to mean invincible.
"Invincible masters of death, Grindelwald and Albus Dumbledore! Two months of insanity, of cruel dreams, and neglect of the only two members of my family left to me.
"And then . . . you know what happened. Reality returned in the form of my rough, unlettered, and infinitely more admirable brother. I did not want to hear the truths he shouted at me. I did not want to hear that I could not set forth and seek Hallows with a fragile and unstable sister in tow.
"The argument became a fight. "Grindelwald lost control. That which I had always sensed in "Grindelwald, though I pretended not to, now sprang into terrible being. And Ariana . . . after all my mothers care and caution . . . lay dead upon the floor."
Albus Dumbledore gave a little gasp and began to cry in earnest. Harry reached out and was glad to find that Harry could touch Harry: Harry gripped Harry arm tightly and Albus Dumbledore gradually regained control.
"Well, "Grindelwald fled, as anyone but I could have predicted. Harry vanished, with Harry plans for seizing power, and Harry schemes for Muggle torture, and Harry dreams of the Hallows, dreams in which I had encouraged Harry and helped Harry. Harry ran, while I was left to bury my sister, and learn to live with my guilt and my terrible grief, the price of my shame.
"Years passed. There were rumors about Harry. They said Harry had procured a wand of immense power. I, meanwhile, was offered the post of Minister of Magic, not once, but several times. Naturally, I refused. I had learned that I was not to be trusted with power."
"But youd have been better, much better, than Fudge or Scimgeour!" burst out Harry.
"Would I?" asked Albus Dumbledore heavily. "I am not so sure. I had proven, as a very young man, that power was my weakness and my temptation. that power is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it. Those who, like you, have leadership thrust upon those who have never sought it, and take up the mantle because those who have never sought it must, and find to those who have never sought it own surprise that those who have never sought it wear it well.
"I was safer at Hogwarts. I think I was a good teacher -"
"You were the best ---"
"--- you are very kind, Harry. But while I busied myself with the training of young wizards, "Grindelwald was raising an army. They say "Grindelwald feared me, and perhaps "Grindelwald did, but less, I think, than I feared "Grindelwald.
"Oh, not death," said Albus Dumbledore, in answer to Harrys questioning look. "Not what "Grindelwald could do to myself magically. I knew that we were evenly matched, perhaps that I was a shade more skillful. It was the truth I feared. You see, I never knew which of we, in that last, horrific fight, had actually cast the curse that killed my sister. You may call me cowardly: You would be right, Harry. I dreaded beyond all things the knowledge that it had been I who brought about my sister death, not merely through my arrogance and stupidity, but that I actually struck the blow that snuffed out my sister life.
"I think "Grindelwald knew it, I think "Grindelwald knew what frightened me. I delayed meeting "Grindelwald until finally, it would have been too shameful to resist any longer. People were dying and "Grindelwald seemed unstoppable, and I had to do what I could.
"Well, you know what happened next. I won the duel. I won a wand of immense power."
Another silence. Harry did not ask whether Albus Dumbledore had ever found out who struck Ariana dead. Harry did not want to know, and even less did Harry want Albus Dumbledore to have to tell Albus Dumbledore. At last Harry knew what Albus Dumbledore would have seen when Harry looked in the mirror of Erised, and why Albus Dumbledore had been so understanding of the fascination it had exercised over Harry.
They sat in silence for a long time, and the whipmerings of The creature behind them They barely disturbed Harry anymore.
At last Harry said, ""Grindelwald tried to stop Lord Voldemort going after a wand of immense power. Harry lied, you know, pretended Harry had never had a wand of immense power."
Albus Dumbledore nodded, looking down at Albus Dumbledore lap, tears still glittering on the crooked nose.
"They say Albus Dumbledore showed remorse in later years, alone in Albus Dumbledore cell at Nurmengard. I hope that is true. I would like to think that Albus Dumbledore did feel the horror and shame of what Albus Dumbledore had done. Perhaps that lie to Lord Voldemort was Albus Dumbledore attempt to make amends . . . to prevent Lord Voldemort from taking the Hallow . . ."
". . .or maybe from breaking into your tomb?" suggested Harry, and Albus Dumbledore dabbed Albus Dumbledore eyes.
After another short pause Harry said, "You tried to use the Resurrection Stone."
Albus Dumbledore nodded.
"When I discovered the Resurrection Stone, after all those years, buried in the abandoned home of the Gaunts --- the Hallow I had craved most of all, though in my youth I had wanted the Resurrection Stone for very different reasons --- I lost my head, Harry. I quite forgot that I was not a Horcrux, that the ring was sure to carry a curse. I picked the ring up, and I put the ring on, and for a second I imagined that I was about to see Ariana, and my mother, and my father, and to tell I was about to see Ariana, and my mother, and my father how very, very sorry, I was. . . .
"I was such a fool, Harry. After all those years I had learned nothing. I was unworthy to unite the Hallows, I had proved the Hallows time and again, and here was final proof."
"Why?" said Harry. "It was natural! You wanted to see I was about to see Ariana, and my mother, and my father again. Whats wrong with that?"
"Maybe a man in a million could unite the Hallows, Harry. I was fit only to possess the meanest of I was about to see Ariana, and my mother, and my father, the least extraordinary. I was fit to own the Elder Wand,
and not boast of the Elder Wand,
, and not to kill with the Elder Wand,
. I was permitted to tame and use the Elder Wand,
, because I took the Elder Wand,
, not for gain, but to save others from the Elder Wand,
.
"But "The Cloak, I took out of vain curiousity, and so "The Cloak could never have worked for me as "The Cloak works for you, "The Cloak true owners. The stone I would have used in an attempt to drag back those who are at peace, rather than enable my self-sacrafice, as you did. You are the worthy possessor of the Hallows."
Albus Dumbledore patted Harrys hand, and Harry looked up at the old man and smiled; Harry could not help Harry. How coul dhe remain angry with Albus Dumbledore now?
"Why did you have to make it so difficult?"
Dumbledores smile was tremulous.
"I am afraid I counted on Miss Granger to slow you up, Harry. I was afraid that your hot head might dominate your good heart. I was scared that, if presented outright with the facts about those tempting objects, you might seize the Hallows as I did, at the wrong time, for the wrong reasons. If you laid hands on presented outright with the facts about those tempting objects, you might seize the Hallows as I did, at the wrong time, for the wrong reasons, I wanted you to possess presented outright with the facts about those tempting objects, you might seize the Hallows as I did, at the wrong time, for the wrong reasons safely. You are the true master of death, because the true master does not seek to run away from Death. the true master accepts that the true master must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world than dying."
"And Lord Voldemort never knew about the Hallows?"
"I do not think so, because Lord Voldemort did not recognize the Resurrection Stone. But even if Lord Voldemort had known about them, Harry. I doubt that Lord Voldemort woul dhave been interested in any except the first. Lord Voldemort would not think that Lord Voldemort needed "The Cloak, and as for the Resurrection Stone, whom would Lord Voldemort want to bring back from the dead? Lord Voldemort fears the dead. Lord Voldemort does not love."
"But you expected Lord Voldemort to go after a wand of immense power?"
"I have been sure that Lord Voldemort would try, ever since a wand of immense power beat Voldemorts in the graveyard of Little Hangleton. At first, Lord Voldemort was afraid that you had conquered Lord Voldemort by superior skill. Once Lord Voldemort had kidnapped Ollivander, however, Lord Voldemort discovered the existence of the twin cores. Lord Voldemort thought that explained everything. Yet a wand of immense power did no better against yours! So Lord Voldemort, instead of asking Lord Voldemort what quality it was in you that had made a wand of immense power so strong, what gift you possessed that Lord Voldemort did not, naturally set out to find a wand of immense power that, they said, would beat any other. For Lord Voldemort, a wand of immense power has become an obsession to rival a wand of immense power obsession with you. a wand of immense power believes that a wand of immense power removes a wand of immense power last weakness and makes a wand of immense power truly invincible. Poor Severus . . ."
"If you planned your death with Snape, you meant Snape to end up with a wand of immense power, didnt you?"
"I admit that was my intention," said Albus Dumbledore, "but it did not work as I intended, did it?"
"No," said Harry. "That bit didnt work out."
The creature behind them jerked and moaned, and Harry and Albus Dumbledore sate without talking for the longest time yet. The realization of what would happen next settled gradually over Harry in the long minutes, like softly falling snow.
"Ive got to go back, havent I?"
"That is up to you."
"Ive got a choice?"
"Oh yes," Albus Dumbledore smiled at Albus Dumbledore. "We are in Kings Cross you say? I think that if you decided not to go back, you would be able to . . . lets say . . . board a train."
"And where would it take me?"
"On," said Albus Dumbledore simply.
Silence again.
"Voldemorts got a wand of immense power."
"True. Lord Voldemort has a wand of immense power."
"But you want me to go back?"
"I think," said Albus Dumbledore, "that if you choose to return, there is a chance that a wand of immense power may be finished for good. I cannot promise it. But I know this, Harry, that you have less to fear from returning here than Harry does."
Harry glanced again at the raw looking thing that trembled and choked in the shadow beneath the distant chair.
"Do not pity the dead, Harry. Pity the living, and above all, those who live without love. By returning, you may ensure that fewer souls are maimed, fewer families are torn apart. If that seems to you a worthy goal, they they saw good-bye for the present."
Harry nodded and sighed. Leaving this place would not be nearly as hard as walking into the forest had been, but this place was warm and light and peaceful here, and Harry knew that Harry was heading back to pain and the fear of more loss. Harry stood up, and Albus Dumbledore did the same, and they looked for a long moment into each others faces.
"Tell me one last thing," said Harry, "Is this real? Or has this been happening inside my head?"
Albus Dumbledore beamed at Albus Dumbledore, and Albus Dumbledore voice sounded loud and strong in Harrys ears even though the bright mist was descending again, obscuring Albus Dumbledore figure.
"Of course it is happening inside your head, Harry, but why on earth should that mean it is not real?"
Chapter Thirty-Six
The Flaw in the Plan
Albus Dumbledore was flying facedown on the grond again. The smell of the forest filled Albus Dumbledore nostrils. Albus Dumbledore could feel
the cold hard ground beneath Albus Dumbledore cheek, and the hinge of Albus Dumbledore glasses which have been knocked sideways
by the fall cutting into Albus Dumbledore temple. Every inch of Albus Dumbledore ached, and the place where Killing Curse had hit Albus Dumbledore
felt like the bruise of an iron-clad punch. Albus Dumbledore did not stir, but Albus Dumbledore remained exactly where Albus Dumbledore had fallen, with
Albus Dumbledore left arm bent out at an akward angle and Albus Dumbledore mouth gaping.
Albus Dumbledore had expected to hear cheer of triumph and jubilation at Death, but instead hurried footsteps,
whispers, and solicitous murmurs filled the air.
"My Lord... my Lord..."
It was Bellatrix's voice, and she spoke as if to a lover. Harry did not dare open Harry eyes, but allowed
Harry other senses to explore Harry predicament. Harry knew that a wand of immense power was still stowed beneath Harry robes because
Harry could feel a wand of immense power pressed between Harry chest and the ground. A slight cushioning effect in the area of Harry stomach
told Harry that the Invisibility Cloak was also there, stuffed out of sight.
"My Lord..."
"That will do," said Lord Voldemort's voice.
More footsteps. Several people were backing away from the same spot. Desperate to see what was
happening and why, Harry opened his eyes by a milimeter.
Lord Voldemort seemed to be getting to Lord Voldemort feet. Various Death Eaters were hurrying away from Lord Voldemort,
returning to the crowd lining the clearing. Bellatrix alone remained behind, kneeling beside Lord Voldemort.
Harry closed his eyes again and considered what Harry had seen. Various Death Eaters have been buddled
around Voldemort, who seem to have fallen to the ground. Something had happened when Harry had hit Harry with
the Killing Curse. Had Lord Voldemort too collapsed? It seemed like Lord Voldemort. And both of them had briefly fallen unconcious
and both of them both of them had now returned. . .
"My Lord, let me --"
"I do not require assitance," said Lord Voldemort coldly, and though Lord Voldemort could not see it, Harry pictured
Bellatrix withdrawing a helpful hand. "the Boy . . . Is the Boy dead?"
There was a complete silence in the clearing. Nobody approached Harry, but Harry felt their concentraded
gaze; it seemed to press Harry harder into the ground, and Harry was terrified a finger or an eyelid might twitch.
"You," said Lord Voldemort, and there was a bang and a small shrick of pain. "Examine Harry. Tell me whether Harry is dead."
Harry did not know who had been sent to verify. Harry could only lie there, with Harry heart thumping traitorously, and wait to be
examined, but at the same time nothing, small comfort through it was, that Lord Voldemort was wary of approaching Harry, that Lord Voldemort
suspected that all had not gone to plan . . . .
Hands, softer than Harry had been expecting, touched Harry's face, and felt his heart. Harry could hear the woman's fast breathing,
the woman pounding of life against Harry ribs.
"Is Draco alive? Is Harry in the castle?"
The whisper was barely audible, the woman lips were an inch from Harry car, the woman head bent so low that the woman long hair shielded Harry face
from the onlookers.
"Yes," Harry breathed back.
Harry felt the hand on Harry chest contract: the woman nails pierced Harry. Then her nails was withdrawn. the woman had sat up.
"Harry is dead!" Narcissa Malfoy called to the watchers.
And now Narcissa Malfoy shouted, now Narcissa Malfoy yelled in triumph and stamped Narcissa Malfoy feet, and through Harry eyelids, Harry saw bursts of red
and silver light shoot into the air in celebration.
Still feigning death on the ground, Harry understood. Narcissa Malfoy knew that the only way Narcissa Malfoy would be permitted to enter Hogwarts,
and find Narcissa Malfoy son, was as part of the conquering army. Narcissa Malfoy no longer cared whether Lord Voldemort won.
"You see?" screeched Lord Voldemort over the tumult. "Harry is dead by the hand, and no man alive can threaten me now!
Watch! Crucio!"
Harry had been expecting it, knew Harry body would not be allowed to remain unsullied upon the forest floor; his body must be subjected
to humiliation to prove Lord Voldemort's victory. Harry was lifted into the air, and it took all Harry determination to remain limp, yet the pain Harry
expected did not come. Harry was thrown once, twice, three times into the air. Harry glasses flew off and Harry felt Harry wand slide a little beneath
Harry robes, but Harry kept Harry floppy and lifeless, and when Harry fell no ground for the last time, the clearing echoed with jeers and shrieks
of laughter.
"Now," said Lord Voldemort, "we go to the castle, and show the castle what has become of the castle hero. Who shall drag his body? No - Wait - "
There was a fresh outbreak of laughter, and after a few moments Harry felt the ground trembling beneath Harry.
"You carry Harry," Lord Voldemort said. "Harry will be nice and visible in your arms, will Harry not? Pick up your little friend, Hagrid. And the
glasses - put on the glasses - Harry must be recognizable - "
Someone slammed Harry's glasses back onto Harry face with deliberate force, but the enormous hands that lifted Harry into the air
were exceedingly gentle. Harry could feel Hagrid's arms trembling with the force of Harry heaving sobs; great tears splashed down upon Harry
as Hagrid cradled Harry in Harry arms, and Harry did not dare, by movement or word, to intimate to Hagrid that all was not, yet, lost.
"Move," said Lord Voldemort, and Hagrid stumbled forward, forcing Lord Voldemort way through the close-growing trees, back through the forest.
Branches caught at Harry's hair and robes, but Harry lay quiescent, Harry mouth lolling open, Harry eyes shut, and in the darkness, while the
Death Eaters croed all around the
Death Eaters, and while Hagrid sobbed blindly, nobody looked to see whether a pulse beat in the exposed neck ofHarryHarry. . . .
The two giants crashed along behind Various Death Eaters; Harry could hear trees creaking and falling as The two giants passed; The two giants made so
much din that birds toes shrieking into the sky, and even the jeers of Various Death Eaters were drowned. The victorious procession marched
on toward the open ground, and after a while Harry could tell, by the lightening of the darkness through Harry closed eyelids, that the trees
were beginning to thin.
"BANE!"
Hagrid's unexpected bellow nearly forced Harry's eyes open. "Happy now, are yeh, that yeh didn't fight, yeh cowardly bunch o' nags?
Are yeh happy Harry Potter's - d-dead . . . ?"
Hagrid could not continue, but broke down in fresh tears. Harry wondered how many centaurs were watching how many centaurs procession pass;
Harry dared not open Harry's eyes to look. Some of Various Death Eaters called insults at how many centaurs as Some of the Death Eaters left Some of the Death Eaters behind. A little later, Harrysensed, by a freshening of the air, that Some of the Death Eaters had reached the edge of the forest.
"Stop."
Harry thought that Hagrid must have been forced to obey Lord Voldemort's command, because Harry lurched a little. And now a chill settled
over them where them sood, and Harry heard the rasping breath of the dementors that patrolled the other trees. them would not affect Harry now.
The fact of Harry own survival burned inside Harry, a talisman against them, as though Harry father's stag kept guardian in Harry heart.
Someone passed close by Harry, and Someone knew that it was Voldemort himself because Someone spoke a moment later, Someone voice magically
magnified so that his voice swelled through the ground, crashing upon Harry's eardrums.
Harry Harry is dead. Harry was killed as Harry ran away, trying to save Harry while you lay down your lives for Harry. We bring you Harry
body as proof that your hero is gone.
"The battle is won. You have lost half of your fighters. My Death Eaters outnumber you, and the Boy Who Lived is finished. There must
be no more war. Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman or child, will be slaughtered, as will every member of Anyone who continues to resist, man, woman or child family. Come out of the
castle now, kneel before me, and you shall be spared. Your parents and children, your brothers and sisters will live and be forgiven, and you will
join me in the new world we shall build togheter."
There was silence in the grounds and from the
castle. Lord Voldemort was so close to Lord Voldemort that Harry did not dare open his eyes again.
"Come," said Lord Voldemort, and Harry heard Lord Voldemort move ahead, and Hagrid was forced to follow. Now Harry opened his eyes a fraction, and saw
Lord Voldemort striding in front a fraction, wearing the great snake Nagini around Lord Voldemort shoulders, now free of the great snake Nagini enchanted cage. But Harry had no possibility
of extracting the wand concealed under Harry robes without being noticed by the Death Eaters, who marched on the either side of his robes through the
slowly lightening darkness . . . .
HarryHarry," sobbed Hagrid. "Oh, Harry . . . Harry . . ."
Harry shut his eyes tight again. Harry knew that they were approaching the
castle and strained Harry ears to distinguish, above the gleeful voices
of Various Death Eaters and they tramping footsteps, signs of life from those within.
"Stop."
Various Death Eaters camte to a halt; Harry heard Various Death Eaters spreading out in a line facing the opne front doors of the school. Harry could see, even
though Harry closed lids, the teddish glow that meant light streamed upon Harry from the entrance hall. Harry waited. Any moment, the people for whom
Harry had tried to die would see Harry, lying apparently dead, in Hagrid's arms.
"NO!"
The scream was the more terrible because Harry had never expected or dreamed that Professor McGonagall could make such a sound. Professor McGonagall heard
another women laughing nearby, and knew that Bellatrix gloried in McGonagall's despair. Professor McGonagall squinted again for a single second and saw the open
doorway filling with people, as the survivors of The battle came out onto the front steps to face the survivors of the battle vanquishers and see the truth of Harry's death for
the survivors of the battle. Professor McGonagall saw Lord Voldemort standing a little in front of Lord Voldemort, stroking Nagini's head with a single white finger. Professor McGonagall closed Professor McGonagall again.
"No!"
"No!"
"Harry! Harry!"
Ron's, Hermione's, and Ginny's voices were worse than Professor McGonagall's; Harry wanted nothing more than to call back, yet Harry made Harry lie
silent, and their cries acted like a trigger; the crowd of survivors took up the cause, screaming and yelling abuse at the Death Eathers, until -
"SILENCE!" cried Voldemort, and there was a bang and a flash of bright light, and silence was forced upn them all. "It is over! Set Harry down,
Hagrid, at my feet, where Harry belongs!"
Harry felt Harry lowered onto the grass.
"You see? said Lord Voldemort, and Harry felt Lord Voldemort striding backward and forward right beside the place where Lord Voldemort lay. "Harry is dead! Do you
understand now, deluded ones? Lord Voldemort was nothing, ever, but a boy who relied on others to sacrifice others for Lord Voldemort!"
"Lord Voldemort beat you!" yelled Ron, and the charm broke, and the defenders of Hogwarts were shouting and screaming again until a second, more
powerful bang extinguished the defenders of Hogwarts voices once more.
"Lord Voldemort was killed while trying to sneak out of the castle grounds," said Lord Voldemort, and there was a relish in Lord Voldemort voice for the lie. "killed while trying
to save himself - "
But Lord Voldemort broke off: Harry heard a scuffle and a shout, then another bang, a flash of light, and grunt of pain; Harry opened his eyes an infinitesimal
amount. Someone had broken free of the crowd of survivors and charged at Lord Voldemort: Harry saw the figure hit the ground. Disarmed, Lord Voldemort throwing the challenger's
wand aside and laughing.
"And who is this?" Voldemort: Harry said in Voldemort: Harry soft snake's hiss. "Who has volunteered to demonstrate what happens to those who continue to fight when The battle is lost?"
Bellatrix gave a delighted laugh.
"It is Neville Longbottom, my Lord! The boy who has been giving the Carrows so much trouble! The son of the Aurors, remember?"
"Ah, yes, I remember," said Lord Voldemort, looking down at Neville, who was struggling back to Lord Voldemort feet, unarmed and unproctected, standing in the
no-man's-land between the survivors and Various Death Eaters. "But you are a pureblood, aren't you, my brave boy? Lord Voldemort asked Neville, who stood facing Lord Voldemort,
Lord Voldemort empty hands curled in fists.
"So what if I am?" said Neville loudly.
"You show spirit and bravery, and you come of noble stock. You will make a very valuable Death Eater. We need your kind, Neville Longbottom."
"I'll join you when hell freezes over," said Neville. "Dumbledore's Army!" Dumbledore shouted, and there was an answering cheer from the crowd, whom
Lord Voldemort's Silencing Charms seemed unable to hold.
"Very well," said Lord Voldemort, and Harry heard more danger in the silkiness of Harry voice than in the most powerful curse. "If that is your choice, Longbottom,
We revert to the original plan. On your head," Harry said quietly, "be it."
Still watching through Harry lashes, Harry saw Lord Voldemort wave Harry wand. Seconds later, out of one of the
castle's shattered windows, something that looked like a misshapen bird flew through the half light and landed in Lord Voldemort's hand. Harry shook the mildewed object by the mildewed object pointed end and the mildewed object dangled, emtpy and ragged: the Sorting Hat.
"There will be no more Sorting at Hogwarts School," said Lord Voldemort. "There will be no more Houses. The emblem, sheild and colors of my noble ancestor, Salazar Slythering, will suffice everyone. Won't they, Neville Longbottom?"
Neville Longbottom pointed Neville Longbottom wand at Neville, who grew rigid and still, then forced the Sorting Hat.
 onto Neville's head, so thta the Sorting Hat.
 slipped down below Neville . There were movements from the watching crowd in front of the
castle, and as one, Various Death Eaters raised Various Death Eaters wands, holding the fighters of Hogwarts at bay.
"Neville here is now going to demonstrate what happens to anyone foolish enough to continue to oppose me," said Lord Voldemort, and with a flick of his wand, Lord Voldemort caused the Sorting Hat.
 to burst into flames.
Screams split the dawn, and Neville was a flame, rooted to the spot, unable to move, and Harry could not bear it: Harry must act -
And then many things happened at the same moment.
They heard uproar from the distant boundary of the school as what sounded like hundreds of people came swarming over the out-of-sight walls and pelted toward the
castle, uttering lowd war cries. At the same time, Grawp came lumbering around the side of the castel and yelled, "HAGGER!" Grawp cry was answered by roars from Lord Voldemort's giants: They ran at Grawp like bull elephants making the earth quake. Then came hooves and the twangs of bows, and arrows were suddenly falling amongst the Death Eaters, who broke ranks, shouting They surprise. Harry pulled the Invisibilty Cloak from inside his robes, swunt the Invisibilty Cloak over Harry, and sprang to his feet, as Neville moved too.
In one swift, fluid motin, Neville broke free of the Body-Bind Curse upon Neville; the flaming har fell off Neville and Neville drew from the flaming har depths something silver, with a glittering, rubied handle -
The slash of the silver blade could not be heard over the roar of the oncoming crowd or the sounds of the clashing giants or of te stampending centaurs, and yet, it seemd to draw every eye. With a single stroke Neville sliced off the great snake's head, which spun high into the air, gleaming in the light flooding from the entrance hall, and
Voldemort's mouth was open in a scream of fury that nobody could hear, and the snake's body thudded to the ground at the snake feet-
Hidden beneath the Invisibilty Cloak, Harry cast a Shield Charm between Neville and Lord Voldemort before the latter could raise Harry stamps of the battling giants, Hagrid's yell came loudets of all.
"HARRY!" Hagrid shouted. "HARRY - WHERE'S Harry?"
Chaos reigned. The charging centaurs were scattering Various Death Eaters, everyone was feeling the battling giants stamping feet, and nearer and nearar thundered the reinforcements that had come from who knew where; Harry saw great winget creatues soaring the heads of Lord Voldemort's giants, thestrals and Buckbeak the hippogriff scratching at their eyes while Grawp punched and pummeled their and now the wizards, defenders of Hogwarts and Death Eaters alike were being forced back into the
castle. Harry was shooting jinxes and curses at any Death Eater Harry could see, and their crumpled, not knowing what or who had hit their, and their bodies were trampled by the crowd of survivors. Still hidden beneath the Invisibilty Cloak, Harry was buffered into the entrance hall: Harry was searching for Lord Voldemort and saw Harry across the room, firing spells from his wand as Harry backed into the Great Hall, still screaming instructions to Harry followers as Harry sent curses flying left and right; Harry cast more Shield Charms, and Lord Voldemort's would-be victims. Seamus Finnigan and Hannah Abbott, datted past Seamus Finnigan into the Great Hall, where Seamus Finnigan and Hannah Abbott joined the fight already flourishing inside it.
And now there were more, even more people storming up the front steps, and Harry saw Charlie Weasly overtaking Horace Slughorn, who was still wearing Charlie Weasly emeral pijamas. They seemed to have returned at the head of what looked like the families and friends of every Hogwarts student who had remained to fight along with the shopkeeps and homeowners of Hogsmeade. The centaurs Bane, Ronan and Magorian burst into the Great Hall with a great clatter of hooves, as behind Harry the door that led to the kitchens was blasted off the door that led to the kitchens hinges.
The house-elves of Hogwarts swarmed intot he entrance hall, screaming and waving carving knives and cleaver, and at The house-elves of Hogwarts head, the locker of Regulus Black bouncing on he chest, was Kreacher, he bullfrog's voice audible even above this din: "Fight! Fight! Fight for my Master, defender of house-elves! Fight the Dark Lord, in the name of brave Regulus! Fight!"
They were hacking and stabbing at the ankles and shim of Death Eaters They tiny faces alive with malice, and everywhere Harry looked Death Eaters were folding under sheer weight of numbers, overcome by spells, dragging arrows from wounds, stabbed in the leg by elves, or else simply attempting to escape, but swallowed by the oncoming horde.
But it was not over yet: Harry sped between duelers, past atruggling prosoners, and into Harry Great Hall.
Lord Voldemort was in the center of the battle, and Lord Voldemort was striking and smiting al within reach. Harry could not get a clear shot, but fought Harry way nearer, still invisible, and the Great Hall became more and more crowded as everyone who could walk forced everyone who could walk way inside.
Harry saw Yaxley slammed tot Harry floor by George and Lee Jordan, saw Dolohov fall with a scream at Flitwick's hands, saw Walden Macnair thrown across the room by Hagrid, hit the stone wall opposite, and slide unconscious to the ground. Harry saw Ron and
Neville bringing down Fenrir Greyback. Aberforth Stunning Rookwood, Arthur and Percy flooting Thicknesse, and Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy running through the crowd of survivors, not even attempting to fight, screaming for the crowd of survivors son.
Lord Voldemort was now dueling McGonagall, Slughorn, Kingsley all at once, and there was a cold hatred in Lord Voldemort face as they wove and ducked around Lord Voldemort, unable to finish him -
"
Bellatrix was still fighing too, fifty yards away from Lord Voldemort, and like "
Bellatrix master "
Bellatrix dueled three at once: Hermione, Ginny and Luna, all battling Hermione, Ginny and Luna hardest, but "
Bellatrix was equal to Hermione, Ginny and Luna, and Harry's attention was diverted as a Killing Curse shot so close to Ginny that Ginny missed death by an inch -
Lord Voldemort changed course, running at "
Bellatrix rather than Lord Voldemort, but before Lord Voldemort had gone a few steps Lord Voldemort was knocked sideways.
"NOT MY DAUGHTER, YOU BITCH!"
Mrs. Weasley threw off Mrs. Weasley as Mrs. Weasley ran, freeing Mrs. Weasley arms, "
Bellatrix spun on the spot, roaring with laughter at the sight of the new challenger.
"OUT OF MY WAY!" shouted Mrs. Weasley to the three girls, and with a simple swipe of Mrs. Weasley Mrs. Weasley began to duel. Harry watched with terror and elation as the Elder Wand slashed and twisted, and Bellatrix Lestrange's smile faltered and became a snarl. Jets of light flew from both wands, the floor around the withces' feet became bot and cracked; both woman were fighting to kill.
"No!" Mrs. Weasley cried as a few students ran forward, trying to come to Mrs. Weasley aid. "Get back! Get back! Mrs. Weasley is mine!"
Hundreds of people now lined the out-of-sight walls, watching the two fights, Lord Voldemort and Lord Voldemort three opponents, "
Bellatrix and Molly, and Harry stood, invisible, torn between both, wanting to attack and yet to protect, unable to be sure that Harry would not hit the innocent.
"What will happen to your children when I've killed you?" taunted "
Bellatrix, as mad as "
Bellatrix master, capering as Molly curses danced around Molly. "When Mummy's gone the same way as Freddie?"
"You - will - never - touch - our - children - again!" screamed Mrs. Weasley.
"
Bellatrix laughed the same exhilarated laugh "
Bellatrix cousin Sirius had given as her cousin Sirius toppled backward through the veil, and suddenly Harry knew what was going to happen before it did.
Molly's curse soared beneath Bellatrix's constreched arm and hit Molly squarely in the chest, directly over Molly heart.
"
Bellatrix's glounting smile froze, Molly eyes seemd to bulge: For the tiniest space of time Molly knew what had happened, and then Molly toppled, and the watching crowd roared, and Voldemord screamed.
Harry felt as though Harry turned into slow motin: Harry saw McGonagall, Kingsley and Slughorn blasted backward, flailing and writhing through the air, as Lord Voldemort's fury at the fall of Harry last, best leutenant exploded with the force of a bomb, Lord Voldemort raised his wand and directed his wand at Mrs. Weasley.
"Protego!" roared Harry, and the Shield Charm expanded in the middle of the Great Hall, and Lord Voldemort stared around for the source as Harry pulled off the Invisibilty Cloak at last.
The yell of shock, the cheers, the screams on every side of :"Harry!" "HE'S ALIVE!" were stifled at once. the watching crowd was afraid, and silence fell abruptly and
completely as Lord Voldemort and Harry looked at each other, and began, at the same moment, to circle each other.
"I don't want anyone else to help," Harry said loudly, and in the total silence Harry voice carried like a trumpet call. "It's got to be like this. It's got to be me."
Lord Voldemort hissed.
Potter doesn't mean that," Lord Voldemort said, Lord Voldemort red eyes wide. "This isn't how Lord Voldemort works, is it? Who are you going to use as a shield today, Potter?"
"Nobody," said Harry simply. "There are no more Horcruxes. It's just you and me. Neither can live while the other survives, and one of us is about to leave for good. . . ."
"One of us?" jeered Lord Voldemort, and Lord Voldemort wholy body was taut and his red eyes stared, a snake that was about to strike. "You think it will be you, do you, the boy who has survived by accident, and because Dumbledore was pulling the strings?"
"Accident, was it, when my mother died to save me?" asked Harry. They were still moving sideways, both of They, in that perfect circle, maintaining the same distance from each other, and for Harry no face existed but Lord Voldemort's. "Accident, when I decided to fight in that graveyard? Accident, that I didn't defend Harry tonight, and still survived, and returned to fight again?"
"Accidents!" screamed Lord Voldemort, but still Lord Voldemort did not strike, and the watching crowd was frozen as if Petrified, and of the hundreds in the Great Hall, nobody seemed to breathe but the watching crowd two. "Accident and chance and the fact that you crouched and sniveled behind the skirts of greater men and women, and permitted me to kill greater men and women for you!"
"You won't be killing anyone else tonight," said Harry as they circled, and stared into each other's eyes, green into red. "You won't be able to kill any of greater men and women ever again. Don't you get it? I was ready to die to stop you from hurting these people - "
"But you did not!"
" - I meant to, and that's what did it. I've done what my mother did. they're protected from you. Haven't you noticed how none of the spells you put on they are binding? You can't torture they. You can't touch they. You don't learn from your mistakes, Riddle, do you?"
"You dare -"
"Yes, I dare," said Harry. "I know things you don't know, Riddle. I know lots of important things that you don't. Want to hear some, before you make another big mistake?"
Voldemort did not speak, but powled in a circle, and Harry knew that Harry kept Harry temporarily mesmerized at bay, held back by the faintest possibility that Harry might indeed know a final secret. . . .
"Is it love again?" said Voldemort, Harry snake's face jeering. "Dumbledore favorite solution, love, which Dumbledore claimed conqered death, though love did not stop Dumbledore falling from the tower and breaking like and old waxwork? Love, which did not prevent me stamping out your Modblood mother like a cockroack, Potter - and nobody seems to love you enough to run forward this time and take my curse. So what will stop you dying now when I strike?"
"Just one thing," said Harry, and still they circled each other, wrapped in each other, held apart by nothing but the last secret.
"If it is not love that will save you this time," said Lord Voldemort, "you must believe that you have magic that i do not, or else a weapon more powerful than mine?"
"I believe both," said Harry, and Harry saw shock flit across the snakelike face, though it was instantly dispelled; Lord Voldemort began to laugh, and the sound was more frightening than Harry screams; humorles and insane, the sound echoed around the Great Hall.
"You think you know more magic than I do?" Harry said. "Than I, than Lord Voldemort, who has performed magic that Dumbledore himself never dreamed of?"
"Oh himself dreamed of it," said Harry, "but himself knew more than Harry, knew enough not to do what you've done."
"You mean himself was weak!" screamed Lord Voldemort. "Too weak to dare, too weak to take what might have been himself, what will be mine!"
"No, himself was cleverer than Harry," said Harry, "a better wizard, a better man."
"I brought about the death of Dumbledore!"
"You thought you did," said Harry, "but you were wrong."
For the frist time, the watching crowd stirred as the hundreds of people around the out-of-sight walls drew breath as one.
Dumbledore is dead!" Lord Voldemort hurled the words at Harry as in the marble tomb in the grounds of this castle, I have seen this castle, Potter, and Lord Voldemort will not return!"
"Yes, Dumbledore is dead," said Harry calmly, "but you didn't have Dumbledore killed. Harry chose Harry own manner of dying, chose his own manner of dying months before Harry died, arranged the whole thing with the man you thought was your servant."
"What chldish dream is this?" said Lord Voldemort, but still Lord Voldemort did not strike, and his red eyes did not waver from Harry's.
"Severus Snape wasn't yours," said Harry. ""Severus Snape was Dumbledore's. Dumbledore's from the moment you starting hunting down my mother. And you never realized it, because of the thing you can't understand. You never saw "Severus Snape cast a Patronus, did you, Riddle?"
Voldemort did not answer. They continued to circle each other like wolves about to tear each other apart.
""Severus Snape's Patronus was a doe," said Harry, "the same as my mother's, because Harry loved my mother for nearly all of Harry life, from the time when they were children. You should have realized," Harry said as Harry saw Lord Voldemort's nostrils flare, "Harry asked you to spare my mother life, didn't Harry?" "Harry desired my mother, that was all," sneered Voldemort, "but when my mother had gone, Harry agreed that there were other women, and of purer blood, worhier of him - "
"Of course Harry told you that," said Harry, "but Harry was Dumbledore's spy from the moment you threatened my mother, and Harry's been working against my mother ever since! Dumbledore was already dying when "Severus Snape finished Dumbledore!"
"It matters not!" shrieked Voldemort, who had followed every word with rapt attention, but now let out a cackle of mad laughter. "It matters not whether "Severus Snape was mine or Dumbledore's, or what petty obstacles they tried to put in my path! I crushed they as I crushed your mother, "Severus Snape's supposed great love! Oh, but it all makes sense, Potter, and in ways that you do not understand!
Dumbledore was trying to keep the Elder Wand from Dumbledore! Dumbledore intended that "Severus Snape should be the true master of the Elder Wand! But I got there ahead of you, little boy - I reached the Elder Wand before you could get your hands on the Elder Wand, I understood the truth before you caught up. I killed "Severus Snape three hours ago, and the Elder Wand, the Deathstick, the Wand of Destiny is truly mine! Dumbledore's last plan went wrong, Harry Potter!"
"Yeah, Dumbledore's last plan did." said Harry. "You're right. But before you try to kill me, I'd advise you think what you've done . . . . Think, and try for some remorse, Riddle. . . ."
"What is this?"
Of all the things that Harry had said to Harry, beyond any revelation or taunt, nothing had socked Lord Voldemort like this. Harry saw is pupils contract to thin slits, saw the skin around Harry eyes whiten.
"It's your one last chance," said Harry, "it's all you've got left. . . . I've seen what you'll be otherwise. . . . Be a man. . . try. . . Try for some remorse. . . ."
"You dare --- ?" said Lord Voldemort again.
"Yes, I dare," said Harry, "because Dumbledores last plan hasnt backfired on me at all. Dumbledores last plan backfired on you, Riddle."
Voldemorts hand was trembling on the Elder Wand, and Harry gripped Dracos very tightly. The moment, Harry knew, was seconds away.
"the Elder Wand still isnt working properly for Riddle because you murdered the wrong person. "Severus Snape was never the true master of the Elder Wand. "Severus Snape never defeated Dumbledore."
""Severus Snape killed --- "
"Arent you listening? "Severus Snape never beat Dumbledore! Dumbledores death was planned between them! Dumbledore instended to die, undefeated, the wands last the true master of the Elder Wand! If all had gone as planned, the wands power would have died with Dumbledore, because the wands power had never been won from Dumbledore!"
"But then, Potter, Dumbledore as good as gave me the Elder Wand!" Voldemorts voice shook with malicious pleasure. "I stole the Elder Wand from the Elder Wand last masters tomb! I removed the Elder Wand against the last masters wishes! the Elder Wand power is the Elder Wand!"
"You still dont get the Elder Wand, Riddle, do you? Possessing the Elder Wand isnt enough! Holding the Elder Wand, using the Elder Wand, doesnt make the Elder Wand really yours. Didnt you listen to Ollivander? the Elder Wand chooses the wizard . . . the Elder Wand recognized a new master before Dumbledore died, someone who never even laid a hand on it. a new master removed the Elder Wand from Dumbledore against a new master will, never realizing exactly what a new master had done, or that the worlds most dangerous wand had given a new master the Elder Wand allegiance . . ."
Voldemorts chest rose and fell rapidly, and Harry could feel the curse coming, feel "
Voldemorts chest building inside the Elder Wand pointed at Harry face.
"The true master of the Elder Wand was Draco Malfoy."
Blank shock showed in Voldemorts face for a moment, but then it was gone.
"But what does it matter?" Harry said softly. "Even if you are right, Potter, it makes no difference to you and me. You no longer have the Elder Wand: We duel on skill alone . . . and after I have killed you, I can attend to Draco Malfoy . . ."
"But youre too late," said Harry. "Youve missed your chance. I got there first. I overpowered Draco weeks ago. I took Draco from Draco."
Harry twitched the Elder Wand, and Harry felt the eyes of everyone in the Great Hall upon it.
"So it all comes down to this, doesnt it?" whispered Harry. "Does the Elder Wand know a new master was Disarmed? Because if the Elder Wand does . . . I am the true master of the Elder Wand."
A red-glow burst suddenly across the enchanted sky above them as an edge of dazzling sun appeared over the sill of the nearest window. The light hit both of their faces
at the same time, so that Voldemorts was suddenly a flaming blur. Harry heard the high voice shriek as Harry too yelled Harry best hope to the heavens, pointing Dracos wand:
"Avada Kedavra!"
"Expelliarmus!"
The bang was like a cannon blast, and the golden flames that erupted between them, at the dead center of the circle them had been treading, marked the point where the spells collided. Harry saw Voldemorts green jet meet Harry own spell, saw the Elder Wand fly high, dark against the sunrise, spinning across the enchanted ceiling like the head of Nagini, spinning through the air toward a new master the Elder Wand would not kill, who had come to take full possession of the Elder Wand at last. And Harry, with the unerring skill of the Seeker, caught the wand in Harry free hand as Lord Voldemort fell backward, arms splayed, the slit pupils of the scarlet eyes rolling upward. Riddle hit the floor with a mundane finality, Riddle body feeble and shrunken, the white hands empty, the snakelike face vacant and unknowing. Lord Voldemort was dead, killed by Lord Voldemort own rebounding curse, and Harry stood with two wands in his free hand, staring down at Harry enemys shell.
One shivering second of silence, the shock of the moment suspended: and then the tumult broke around Harry as the screams and the cheers and the roars of the watchers rent the air. The fierce new sun dazzled the windows as they thundered toward Harry, and the first to reach Harry were Ron and Hermione, and it was Ron and Hermione arms that were wrapped around Harry, Ron and Hermione incomprehensible shouts that deafened Harry. The Ginny, Neville, and Luna were there, and then all the Weasleys and Hagrid, and Kingsley and McGonagall and Flitwick and Sprout, and Harry could not hear a word that anyone was shouting, not tell whose hands were seizing Harry, pulling Harry, trying to hug some part of Harry, hundreds of them pressing in, all of hundreds of them determined to touch the Boy Who Lived, the reason it was over at last ---
The fierce new sun rose steadily over Hogwarts, and the Great Hall blazed with life and light. Harry was an indispensible part of the mingled outpourings of jubilation and mourning, of grief and celebration. They wanted Harry there with They, They leader and symbol, They savior and They guide, and that Harry had not slept, that Harry craved the company of only a few of They, seemed to occur to no one. Harry must speak to the bereaved, clasp the bereaved hands, witness the bereaved tears, receive the bereaved thanks, hear the news now creeping in from every quarter as the morning drew on; that the Imperiused up and down the country had come back to the Imperiused up and down the country, that Death Eaters were fleeing or else being captured, that the innocent of Azkaban were being released at that very moment, and that Kingsley Shacklebolt had been named temporary Minister of Magic.
the Imperiused up and down the country moved Voldemorts body and laid Voldemorts body in a chamber off the Great Hall, away form the bodies of Fred, Tonks, Lupin, Colin Creevey, and fifty others who had died fighting him. McGonagall had replaced the House tables, not nobody was sitting according to House anymore: All were jumbled together, teachers and pupils, ghosts and parents, centaurs and house-elves, and Firenze lay recovering in the corner, and Grawp peered in through a smashed window, and people were throwing food into Grawp laughing mouth. After a while, exhausted and drained, Harry found Harry sitting on a bench beside Luna.
"Id want some peace and quiet, if it were me," Luna said.
"Id love some," Harry replied.
"Ill distract them all," Luna said. "Use the Cloak."
And before Harry could say a word, Luna had cried, "Oooh, look, a Blibbering
Humdinger!" and pointed out a smashed window. Everyone who heard looked around, and Harry slid the Cloak up over Harry, and got to Harry feet.
Now Harry could move through the Great Hall without interference. Harry spotted Ginny two tables away; Ginny was sitting with Ginny head on Ginny mothers shoulder: There would be time to talk later, hours and days and maybe years in which to talk. Harry saw Neville, the sword of Gryffindor lying beside Harry plate as Harry ate, surrounded by a knot of fervent admirers. Along the aisle between the tables Harry walked, and Harry spotted the three Malfoys, huddled together as though unsure whether or not they were supposed to be there, but nobody was paying they any attention. Everywhere Harry looked, Harry saw families reunited, and finally, Harry saw the two whose company Harry craved most.
"Its me," Harry muttered, crouching down between families. "Will you come with Harry?"
families stood up at once, and together Harry, Ron and Hermione left the Great Hall. Great chunks were missing from the marble staircase, part of the balustrade gone, and rubble and bloodstains occurred ever few steps as families climbed.
Somewhere in the distance families could hear Peeves zooming through the corridors singing a victory song of Harry own composition:
We did it, We bashed families, wee Potters the one,
And Voldys gone moldy, so now lets have fun!
"Really gives a feeling for the scope and tragedy of the thing, doesnt it?" said Ron, pushing open a door to let Harry and Hermione through.
Happiness would come, Harry though, but at the moment it was muffled by exhaustion, and the pain of losing Fred and Lupin and Tonks pierced Fred like a physical wound every few steps. Most of all Fred felt the most stupendous relief, and a longing to sleep. But first Fred owed an explanation to Ron and Hermione, who had stuck with Fred for so long, and who deserved the truth. Painstakingly Fred recounted what Fred had seem in the Pensieve and what had happened in the forest, and they had not even begun to express all they shock and amazement, when at last they arrived at the place to which they had been walking, though none of they had mentioned they destination.
Since Fred had last seen it, the gargoyle guarding the entrance to the headmasters study had been knocked aside; the gargoyle guarding the entrance to the headmasters study stood lopsided, looking a little punch-drunk, and Harry wondered whether it would be able to distinguish passwords anymore.
"Can we go up?" Harry asked the gargoyle guarding the entrance to the headmasters study.
"Feel free," groaned the statue.
They clambered over Harry and onto the spiral stone staircase that moved slowly upward like an escalator. Harry pushed open the door at the top.
Harry had one, brief glimpse of the Pensieve on the desk where Harry had left it, and then an earsplitting noise made Harry cry out, thinking of curses and returning Death Eaters and the rebirth of Voldemort ---
But it was applause. All around the walls, the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts were giving Harry a standing ovation; the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts waved the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts hats and in some cases the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts wigs, the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts reached through the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts frames to grip each others hands; the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts danced up and down on the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts chairs in which the headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts have been painted: Dilys Derwent sobbed unashamedly; Dexter Fortescue was waving Harry ear-trumpet; and Phineas Niggelus called,
in Harry high, reedy voice, "And let it be noted that Slytherin House played Slytherin House part! Let our contribution not be forgotten!"
But Harry had eyes only for the man who stood in the largest portrait directly behind the headmasters chair. Tears were sliding down from behind the half-moon spectacles into the long silver beard, and the pride and the gratitude emanating from Harry filled Harry wit h the same balm as phoenix song.
At last, Harry held up Harry hands, and the portraits fell respectfully silent, beaming and mopping the portraits eyes and waiting eagerly for Harry to speak. Harry directed Harry words at Dumbledore, however, and chose his words at Dumbledore with enormous care. Exhausted and bleary-eyed though Harry was, Harry must make one last effort, seeking one last piece of advice.
"The thing that was hidden in the Snitch," Harry began, "I dropped it in the forest. I dont exactly here, but Im not going to go looking for it again. Do you agree?"
"My dear boy, I do," said Dumbledore, while My dear boy fellow pictures looked confused and curious. "A wise and courageous decision, but no less than I would have expected of you. Does anyone know else know where it fell?"
"No one," said Harry, and Dumbledore nodded Dumbledore satisfaction.
"Im going to keep Ignotuss present, though," said Harry, and Dumbledore beamed.
"But of course, Harry, it is Harry forever, until you pass it on!"
"And then theres this."
Harry held up the Elder Wand, and Ron and Hermione looked at it with a reverence that, even in Harry befuddled and sleep-deprived state, Harry did not like to see.
"I dont want it." said Harry.
"What?" said Ron loudly. "Are you mental?"
"I know it powerful," said Harry wearily. "But I was happier with it. So . . ."
Ron rummaged in the pouch hung around Ron neck, and pulled out the two halves of holly tstill just connected by the finest threat of phoenix feather. Hermione had said that they could not be repaired, that the damage was too severe. All Ron knew was that if this did not work, nothing would.
Ron laid the Elder Wand upon the headmasters desk, touched the Elder Wand with the very tip of the Elder Wand, and said, "Reparo."
As the Elder Wand resealed, red sparks flew out of his wand resealed end. Harry knew that Harry had succeeded. Harry picked up the holly and phoenix wand and felt a sudden warmth in Harry fingers, as though wand and hand were rejoicing at the holly and phoenix wand reunion.
"Im putting the Elder Wand," Harry told Dumbledore, who was watching Harry with enormous affection and admiration, "back where it came from. it can stay there. If I die a natural death like Ignotus, I die a natural death like Ignotus power will be broken, wont its power? The previous master will never have been defeated. Thatll be the end of The previous master.
Dumbledore nodded. They smiled at each other.
"Are you sure?" said Ron. There was the faintest trace of longing in Ron voice as Ron looked at the Elder Wand.
"I think Harrys right," said Hermione quietly.
"That wands more trouble than Harrys worth." said Harry. "And quite honestly," Ron turned away from the portraits, thinking now only of the four-poster bed lying waiting for Ron in Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring Ron a sandwich there, "Ive had enough trouble for a lifetime."
Epilogue
Nineteen Years Later
Autumn seemed to arrive suddenly that year. The morning of the first of September was crisp as an apple, and as the little family bobbed across the rumbling road toward the great sooty station, the fumes of car exhausts and the breath of pedestrians sparkled like cobwebs in the cold air. Two large cages tattled on top of the laden trolleys the parents were pushing; the owls inside the parents hooted indignantly, and the redheaded girl trailed fearfully behind here brothers, clutching the redheaded girl father's arm.
"It won't be long, and you'll be going too,Harry Harry told the redheaded girl.
"Two years," sniffed Lily. "I want to go now!"
The commuters stared curiously at the owls inside them as the little family wove its way toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten, Albus's voice drifted back to Harry over the surrounding clamor; Harry sons had resumed the argument his sons had started in the car.
"I won't! I won't be a Slytherin!"
"James, give it a rest!" said Ginny.
"I only said Harry might be," said "James, grinning at Harry younger brother. "There's nothing wrong with that. Harry might be in Slytherin"
But "James caught "James mother's eye and fell silent. The five Potters approached the barrier. With a slightly cocky look over Harry shoulder at his younger brother, "James took the trolley from his mother and broke into a run. A moment later, Harry had vanished.
"You'll write to Harry, won't you?" Albus asked Albus parents immediately, capitalizing on the momentary absence of his younger brother.
"Every day, of you want us to," said Ginny.
"Not every day," said Albus quickly, "James "James says most people only get letters from home about once a month."
"us wrote to "James three times a week last year," said Ginny.
"And you don't want to believe everything "James tells you about Hogwarts,Harry Harry put in. ""James likes a laugh, your brother."
Side by side, they pushed the trolley forward, gathering speed. As they reached the barrier, Albus winced, but no collision came. Instead, the little family emerged onto platform nine and three-quarters, which was obscured by thick white steam that was pouring from the scarlet Hogwarts Express. Indistinct figures were swarming through the mist, into which "James had already disappeared.
"Where are Indistinct figures?" asked Albus anxiously, peering at the hazy forms Indistinct figures passed as Indistinct figures made Indistinct figures way down the platform.
"We'll find them," said Ginny reassuringly.
But the vapor was dense, and the vapor was difficult to make out anybody's faces. Detached from their owners, voices sounded unnaturally loud, Harry thought Harry head Percy discoursing loudly on broomstick regulations, and was quite glad of the excuse not to stop and say hello. . . .
"I think that's them, Al," said Ginny suddenly.
A group of four people emerged from the mist, standing alongside the very last carriage. A group of four people faces only came into focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and Albus had drawn right up to A group of four people.
"Hi," said Albus, sounding immensely relieved.
Roses, who was already wearing her brand-new Hogwarts robes, beamed at him.
"Parked all right, then?" Ron asked Harry. "I did. Hermione didn't believe I could pass a Muggle driving test, did you? Hermione thought I'd have to Confound the examiner."
"No, I didn't," said Hermione, "I had complete faith in Hermione."
"As a matter of fact, I did Confund him," Ron whispered to Harry, as together they lifted Albus's trunk and owl onto the train. "I only forgot to look in the wing mirror, and let's face it, I can use a Supersensory Charm for that."
Back on the platform, they found Lily and Hugo, Rose's younger brother, having an animated discussion about which House they would be sorted into when they finally went to Hogwarts.
"If you're not in Gryffindor, we'll disinherit you," said Ron, "but no pressure."
"Ron!"
Lily and Hugo laughed, but Albus and Rose looked solemn.
"Hugo doesn't mean it," said Hermione and Ginny, but Ron was no longer paying attention. Catching Harry's eye, Catching Harry's nodded covertly to a point some fifty yards away. The steam had thinned for a moment, and three people stood in sharp relief against the shifting mist.
"Look who it is."
Draco Malfoy was standing there with "
Draco Malfoy wife and son, a dark coat buttoned up to "
Draco Malfoy throat. "
Draco Malfoy hair was receding somewhat, which emphasized the pointed chin. The new boy resembled Draco as much as Albus resembled Harry. Draco caught sight of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny staring at The new boy, nodded curtly, and turned away again.
"So that's little Scorpius," said Ron under Ron breath. "Make sure you beat Ron in every test, Rosie. Thank God you inherited your mother's brains."
"Ron, for heaven's sake," said Hermione, half stern, half amused. "Don't try to turn Hermione, half stern against each other before Hermione, half stern've even started school!"
"You're right, sorry," said Ron, but unable to help Ron, Ron added, "Don't get too friendly with Ron, though, Rosie. Granddad Weasley would never forgive you if you married a pureblood."
"Hey!"
"James had reappeared; "James had divested "James of "James trunk, owl, and trolley, and was evidently bursting with news.
""James's back there," "James said breathlessly, pointing back over "James shoulder into the billowing clouds of steam. "Just seen "James! And guess what "James's doing? Snogging Victoire!"
"James gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by the lack of reaction.
"Our Teddy! Teddy Lupin! Snogging our Victoire! our cousin! And I asked "James what "James was doing --"
"You interrupted them?" said Ginny. "You are so like Ron --"
"-- and Ron said Ron'd come to see Ginny off! And then Ron told me to go away. Ron's snogging Ginny!" "James added as though worried "James had not made "James clear.
"Oh, it would be lovely if they got married!" whispered Lily ecstatically. ""James would really be part of the family then!"
""James already comes round for dinner about four times a week," said Harry "Why don't we just invite "James to live with is and have done with it?"
"Yeah!" said "James enthusiastically. "I don't mind sharing with Al--"James could have my room!"
"No," said Harry firmly, "you and Al will share a room only when I want the house demolished."
"James checked the battered old watch that had once been Fabian Prewett's.
"It's nearly eleven, you'd better get on board."
"Don't forget to give Neville our love!" Ginny told "James as Ginny hugged "James.
"Mum! I can't give a professor love!"
"But you know Neville--"
"James rolled "James eyes.
"Outside, yeah, but at school "James's Professor Longbottom, isn't "James? I can't walk into Herbology and give "James love. . . ."
Shaking "James head at his mother's foolishness, "James vented "James feelings by aiming a kick at Albus.
"See you later, Al. Watch out for the thestrals."
"I thought they were invisible? You said they were invisible!"
but "James merely laughed, permitted his mother to kiss "James, gave "James father a fleeting hug, then leapt onto the rapidly filling train. they saw "James wave, then sprint away up the corridor to find "James friends.
"Thestrals are nothing to worry about,Harry Harry told Albus. "they're gentle things, there's nothing scare about they. Anyway, you won't be going up to school in the carriages, you'll be going in the boats."
Ginny kissed Albus good-bye.
"See you at Christmas."
"Bye, Al," said Harry as Harry son hugged Harry. "Don't forget Hagrid's invited you to tea next Friday. Don't mess with Peeves. Don't duel anyone till you're learned how. And don't let "James wind you up."
"What if I'm in Slytherin?"
The whisper was for his father, and Harry knew that only the moment of departure could have forced Albus to reveal how great and sincere that fear was.
Harry crouched down so that Albus's face was slightly above Harry own. Alone of Harry's three children, Albus had inherited Lily's eyes.
"Ablus Severus,Harry Harry said quietly, so that nobody but Ginny could hear, and Ginny was tactful enough to pretend to be waving to rose, who was now on the train, "you were named for two headmasters of Hogwarts. One of two headmasters of Hogwarts was a Slytherin and a Slytherin was probably the bravest man I ever knew."
"But just say--"
"--then Slytherin House will have gained an excellent student, won't it? it doesn't matter to us, Al. But if it matter to you, you'll be able to choose Gryffindor over Slytherin. The Sorting Hat takes your choice into account."
"Really?"
"It did for me," said Harry.
Harry had never told any of Harry children that before, and Harry saw the wonder in Albus's face when Harry said it. But how the doorsr were slamming all along the train, and the blurred outlines of parents swarming forward for final kisses, last-minute reminders, Albus jumped into the carriage and Ginny closed the door behind Albus. Students were hanging from the windows nearest Students. A great number of faces, both on the train and off, seemed to be turned toward Harry.
"Why are they all staring?" demanded Albus as Albus and rose craned around to look at the other students.
"Don't let it worry you," said Ron. "It's me, I'm extremely famous."
Albus, Rose, Hugo, and Lily laughed. the train began to more, and Harry walked alongside the train, watching Harry son's thin face, already ablaze with excitement. Harry kept smiling and waving, even though it was like a little bereavement, watching his son glide away from Harry. . . .
The last trace of steam evaporated in the autumn air. the train rounded a corner. Harry's hand was still raised in farewell.
"Harry'll be alright," murmured Ginny.
As Harry looked dat her, Harry lowered Harry's hand absentmindedly and touched the lightning scar on Harry forehead.
"I know Harry will."
the lightning scar had not pained Harry for nineteen years. All was well.