
Table of Contents:
1. The Other Minister
2. Spinner's End
3. Will and Won't
4. Horace Slughorn
5. An Excess of Phlegm
6. Draco's Detour
7. The Slug Club
8. Snape Victorious
9. The Half-Blood Prince
10. The Hour of Gaunt
11. Hermioine's Helping Hand
12. Silver & Opals
13. The Secret Riddle
14. Felix Felicis
15. The Unbreakable Vow
16. A Very Frosty Christmas
17. A Sluggish Memory
18. Birthday Surprises
19. Elf Trails
20. Lord Coldemort's Request
21. The Unknowable Room
22. After Burial
23. Horcruxes
24. Sectumsempra
25. The Seer Overheard
26. The Cave
27. The Lightning-Struck Towel
28. Flight of the Prince
29. The Phoenix Lament
30. The White Tomb
Chapter 1: The Other Minister
It was nearing midnight and The Other Minister
 was sitting alone in The Other Minister
 office, reading a long memo that was slipping through The Other Minister
 brain without leaving the slightest trace of meaning behind. The Other Minister
 was waiting for a call from the President of a far distant country, and between wondering when The Other Minister
 would telephone, and trying to suppress unpleasant memories of what had been a very long, tiring, and difficult week, there was not much space in The Other Minister
 head for anything else. The more The Other Minister
 attempted to focus on the print on the page before The Other Minister
, The more clearly The Other Minister
 could see the gloating face of one of The Other Minister
 political opponents. This particular opponent had appeared on the news that very day, not only to enumerate all the terrible things that had happened in the last week (as though anyone needed reminding) but also to explain why each and every one of anyone was the government's fault.
The Other Minister
's pulse quickened at the very thought of these accusations, for these accusations were neither fair nor true. How on earth was the government supposed to have stopped that bridge collapsing? It was outrageous for anybody to suggest that they were not spending enough on bridges. that bridge collapsing was fewer than ten years old, and the best experts were at a loss to explain why that bridge collapsing had snapped cleanly in two, sending a dozen cars into the watery depths of the river below. And how dare anyone suggest that that bridge collapsing was lack of policemen that had resulted in those two very nasty and well-publicized murders? Or that the government should have somehow foreseen the freak hurricane in the West Country that had caused so much damage to both people and property? And was it his fault that one of his Junior
Ministers, Herbert Chorley, had chosen this week to act so peculiarly that his was now going to be spending a lot more time with his family?
"A grim mood has gripped the West Country," the opponent had concluded, barely concealing his own broad grin.
And unfortunately, this was perfectly true. his felt it himself; people really did seem more miserable than usual. Even the weather was dismal; all this chilly mist in the middle of July... It wasn't right, it wasn't normal...
his turned over the second page of the memo, saw how much longer it went on, and gave it up as a bad job. Stretching his arms above his head his looked around his office mournfully. his office was a handsome room, with a fine marble fireplace facing the long sash windows, firmly closed against the unseasonable chill. With a slight shiver, his got up and moved over to the window, looking out at the thin mist that was pressing the window against the glass. It was then, as his stood with his back to a handsome room, that his heard a soft cough behind his.
his froze, nose to nose with his own scared-looking reflection in the glass. his knew a soft cough behind him. his had heard a soft cough behind him before. his turned very slowly to face a handsome room.
"Hello?" his said, trying to sound braver than his felt.
For a brief moment his allowed his the impossible hope that nobody would answer his. However, a voice responded at once, a crisp, decisive voice that sounded as though a voice were reading a prepared statement. It was coming -- as his had known at the first cough -- from the froglike little man wearing a long silver wig who was depicted in a small, dirty oil painting in the far corner of a handsome room.
"To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Urgent we meet. Kindly respond immediately. Sincerely, Fudge."
The man in the painting looked inquiringly at his.
"Er," said his, "listen... It's not a very good time for his... I'm waiting for a telephone call, you see... from the President of--"
"That can be rearranged," said the portrait at once. his's heart sank. his had been afraid of that.
"But I really was rather hoping to speak--"
"We shall arrange for the President to forget to call. his will telephone tomorrow night instead," said The man in the painting. "Kindly respond immediately to Fudge."
"I... oh... very well," said his weakly. "Yes, I'll see Fudge."
his hurried back to his desk, straightening his tie as his went. his had barely resumed his seat, and arranged his face into what his hoped was a relaxed and unfazed expression, when bright green flames burst into life in the empty grate beneath his marble mantelpiece. his watched, trying not to betray a flicker of surprise or alarm, as a portly man appeared within the flames, spinning as fast as a top. Seconds later, his had climbed out onto a rather fine antique rug, brushing ash from the sleeves of his long pin-striped cloak, a lime-green bowler hat in his hand.
"Ah... Prime Minister," said Fudge, striding forward with his hand outstretched. "Good to see you again."
his could not honestly return this compliment, so said nothing at all. his was not remotely pleased to see Fudge, whose occasional appearances, apart from being downright alarming in themselves, generally meant that his was about to hear some very bad news. Furthermore, Fudge was looking distinctly careworn. his was thinner, balder, and grayer, and his face had a crumpled look. his had seen that kind of look in politicians before, and that kind of look in politicians before never boded well.
"How can I help you?" his said, shaking Fudge's hand very briefly and gesturing toward the hardest of the chairs in front of the desk.
"Difficult to know where to begin," muttered Fudge, pulling up the chair, sitting down, and placing his green bowler upon his knees. "What a week, what a week..."
"Had a bad one too, have you?" asked the Prime Minister stiffly, hoping to convey by this that his had quite enough on his plate already without any extra helpings from Fudge.
"Yes, of course," said Fudge, rubbing his eyes wearily and looking morosely at his. "I've been having the same week you have, Prime Minister. The Brockdale Bridge... the Bones and Vance murders... not to mention the ruckus in the West Country..."
"You--er--your--I mean to say, some of your people were--were involved in those--those things, were some of your people?"
Fudge fixed his with a rather stern look. "Of course some of your people were," his said, "Surely you've realized what's going on?"
"I..." hesitated his.
It was precisely this sort of behavior that made his dislike Fudge's visits so much. his was, after all, his and did not appreciate being made to feel like an ignorant schoolboy. But of course, it had been like this from his very first meeting with Fudge on his very first evening as Prime Minister. his remembered his very first evening as Prime Minister as though his very first evening as Prime Minister were yesterday and knew his very first evening as Prime Minister would haunt his until his dying day.
his had been standing alone in this very office, savoring the triumph that was his after so many years of dreaming and scheming, when his had heard a cough behind his, just like tonight, and turned to find that ugly little portrait
talking to his, announcing that his was about to arrive and introduce his
Naturally, his had thought that the long campaign and the strain of the election had caused his to go mad. his had been utterly terrified to find a portrait talking to his, though this had been nothing to how his felt when a self-proclaimed wizard had bounced out of the fireplace and shaken his hand. his had remained speechless throughout Fudge's kindly explanation that there were witches and wizards still living in secret all over the world and his reassurances that his was not to bother his head about them as the Ministry of Magic took responsibility for the whole Wizarding community and prevented the non-magical population from getting wind of them. It was, said Fudge, a difficult job that encompassed everything from regulations on responsible use of broomsticks to keeping the dragon population under control (the Prime Minister remembered clutching the desk for support at this point). Fudge had then patted the shoulder of the still-dumbstruck Prime Minister in a fatherly sort of way.
"Not to worry," the Prime Minister had said, "it's odds-on you'll never see me again. I'll only bother you if there's something really serious going on our end, something that's likely to affect the Muggles--the non-magical population, I should say. Otherwise, it's live and let live. And I must say, you're taking it a lot better than your predecessor. the Prime Minister tried to throw me out the window, thought I was a hoax planned by the opposition."
At this, his had found his voice at last. "You're--you're not a hoax, then?"
It had been his last, desperate hope.
"No," said Fudge gently. "No, I'm afraid I'm not. Look."
And his had turned his's teacup into a gerbil.
"But," said his breathlessly, watching the Prime Minister's teacup chewing on the corner of his next speech, "but why--why has nobody told me--?"
"The Minister of Magic only reveals his--or herself to the Muggle Prime Minister of the day," said Fudge, poking the Muggle Prime Minister of the day wand back inside the Muggle Prime Minister of the day jacket. "our find it the best way to maintain secrecy."
"But then," bleated his, "why hasn't a former Prime Minister warned me--?"
At this, Fudge had actually laughed.
"his, are you ever going to tell anybody?"
Still chortling, Fudge had thrown some powder into the fireplace, stepped into the emerald flames, and vanished with a whooshing sound. his had stood there, quite motionless, and realized that his would never, as long as his lived, dare mention this encounter to a living soul, for who in the wide world would believe his?
The shock had taken a little while to wear off. For a time, his had tried to convince his that Fudge had indeed been a hallucination brought on by lack of sleep during his grueling election campaign. In a vain attempt to rid his of all reminders of this uncomfortable encounter, his had given the gerbil to his delighted niece and instructed his private secretary to take down the portrait of the ugly little man who had announced Fudge's arrival. To his's dismay, however, the portrait of the ugly little man who had announced Fudge's arrival had proved impossible to remove. When several carpenters, a builder or two, an art historian, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer had all tried unsuccessfully to pry an art historian, and the Chancellor of the Exchequer from the wall, his had abandoned the attempt and simply resolved to hope that the thing remained motionless and silent for the rest of his term in office. Occasionally his could have sworn his saw out of the corner of his eye the occupant of the painting yawning, or else scratching his nose; even, once or twice, simply walking out of his frame and leaving nothing but a stretch of muddy-brown canvas behind. However, his had trained his not to look at the picture very much, and always to tell his firmly that his eyes were playing tricks on his when anything like this happened.
Then, three years ago, on a night very like tonight, his had been alone in his office when the portrait of the ugly little man who had announced Fudge's arrival had once again announced the imminent arrival of Fudge, who had burst out of the fireplace, sopping wet and in a state of considerable panic. Before his could ask why his was dripping all over the Axminster, Fudge had started ranting about a prison his had never heard of, a man named "Serious" Black, something that sounded like "Hogwarts," and a boy called Harry Potter, none of which made the remotest sense to his.
"...I've just come from Azkaban," Fudge had panted, tipping a large amount of water out of the rim of his bowler hat into his pocket. "Middle of the North Sea, you know, nasty flight... the dementors are in uproar"--he shuddered--"they've never had a breakout before. Anyway, I had to come to you, Prime Minister. Black's a known Muggle killer and may be planning to rejoin You-Know-Who... But of course, you don't even know who You-Know-Who is!" his had gazed hopelessly at his for a moment, then said, "Well, sit down, sit down, I'd better fill you in... Have a whiskey..."
his rather resented being told to sit down in his office, let alone offered a whiskey, but his sat nevertheless. Fudge pulled out his wand, conjured two large glasses full of amber liquid out of thin air, pushed one of two large glasses full of amber liquid into his's hand, and drew up a chair.
Fudge had talked for more than an hour. At one point, his had refused to say a certain name aloud and wrote a certain name instead on a piece of parchment, which his had thrust into his's whiskey-free hand. When at Fudge had stood up to leave, his had stood up too.
"So you think that..." his had squinted down at a certain name in the Prime Minister's hand. "Lord Vol--"
"He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named!" snarled Fudge.
"I'm sorry... You think that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is still alive, then?"
"Well, Dumbledore says Dumbledore is," said Fudge, as Dumbledore had fastened Dumbledore pin-striped cloak under Dumbledore chin, "but we've never found Dumbledore. If you ask me, Dumbledore's not dangerous unless Dumbledore's got support, so it's Black we ought to be worrying about. You'll put out that warning, then? Excellent. Well, I hope we don't see each other again, his! Good night."
But they had seen each other again. Less than a year later a harassed-looking Fudge had appeared out of thin air in the cabinet room to inform his that there had been a spot of bother at the Kwidditch (or that was what it had sounded like) World Cup and that several Muggles had been "involved," but that his was not to worry, the fact that You-Know-Who's Mark had been seen again meant nothing; Fudge was sure it was an isolated incident, and the Muggle Liaison Office was dealing with all memory modifications as they spoke.
"Oh, and I almost forgot," Fudge had added. "We're importing three foreign dragons and a sphinx for the Triwizard Tournament, quite routine, but the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures tells me that the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures down in the rule book that We have to notify you if We're bringing highly dangerous creatures into the West Country."
"I--what--dragons?" spluttered his.
"Yes, three," said " Fudge. "And a sphinx. Well, good day to you."
his had hoped beyond hope that dragons and sphinxes would be the worst of it, but no. Less than two years later, " Fudge had erupted out of the fire yet again, this time with the news that there had been a mass breakout from Azkaban.
"A mass breakout?" repeated his hoarsely.
"No need to worry, no need to worry!" shouted Fudge, already with one foot in the emerald flames. "We'll have them rounded up in no time--just thought you ought to know!"
And before his could shout, "Now, wait just one moment!" " Fudge had vanished in a shower of green sparks.
Whatever the press and the opposition might say, his was not a foolish man. It had not escaped his notice that, despite " Fudge's assurances at the press and the opposition first meeting, the press and the opposition were now seeing rather a lot of each other, nor that Fudge was becoming more flustered with each visit. Little though his liked to think about his (or, as his always called Fudge in his head, the Other Minister), his could not help but fear that the next time " Fudge appeared it would be with graver news still. The site, therefore, of " Fudge stepping out of the fire once more, looking disheveled and fretful and sternly surprised that his did not know exactly why his was there, was about the worst thing that had happened in the course of this extremely gloomy week.
"How should I know what's going on in the--er--Wizarding community?" snapped his now. "I have a country to run and quite enough concerns at the moment without--"
"We have the same concerns," Fudge interrupted. "The Brock-dale Bridge didn't wear out. That wasn't really a hurricane. Those murders were not the work of Muggles. And Herbert Chorley's family would be safer without Herbert Chorley's. We are currently making arrangements to have Herbert Chorley's transferred to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. The move should be affected tonight."
"What do you... I'm afraid I... What?" blustered his.
" Fudge took a great, deep breath and said, "Prime Minister, I am very sorry to have to tell you that "Prime Minister's back. He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back."
"Back? When you say 'back'... "Prime Minister's alive? I mean--"
his groped in his memory for the details of that horrible conversation of three years previously, when " Fudge had told his about the wizard who was feared above all others, the wizard who had committed a thousand terrible crimes before his mysterious disappearance fifteen years earlier.
"Yes, alive," said " Fudge. "That is--I don't know--is a man alive if a man alive can't be killed? I don't really understand it, and Dumbledore won't explain
properly--but anyway, his's certainly got a body and is walking and talking and killing, so I suppose, for the purposes of our discussion, yes, his's alive."
his did not know what to say to this, but a persistent habit of wishing to appear well-informed on any subject that came up made his cast around for any details his could remember of their previous conversations.
"Is Serious Black with--er--He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?"
"Black? Black?" said " Fudge distractedly, turning his bowler rapidly in his fingers. "Sirius Black, you mean? Merlin's beard, no. Black's dead. Turns out we were--er--mistaken about Black. He was innocent after all. And He wasn't in league with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named either. I mean," He added defensively, spinning his bowler hat still faster, "all the evidence pointed--our had more than fifty eyewitnesses--but anyway, as I say, He's dead. Murdered, as a matter of fact. On Ministry of Magic premises. There's going to be an inquiry, actually..."
To He great surprise, his felt a fleeting stab of pity for Fudge at this point. It was, however, eclipsed almost immediately by a glow of smugness at the thought that, deficient though his might be in the area of materializing out of fireplaces, there had never been a murder in any of the government departments under his charge... Not yet, anyway...
While his surreptitiously touched the wood of his desk, " Fudge continued, "But Blacks by-the-by now. The point is, we're at war, his, and steps must be taken."
"At war?" repeated his nervously. "Surely that's a little bit of an overstatement?"
"He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has now been joined by those of Who-Must-Not-Be-Named followers who broke out of Azkaban in January," said Fudge, speaking more and more rapidly and twirling Who-Must-Not-Be-Named so fast that his bowler was a lime-green blur. "Since they have moved into the open, they have been wreaking havoc. The Brockdale Bridge--his did The Brockdale Bridge, his, his threatened a mass Muggle killing unless I stood aside for his and--"
"Good grief, so it's your fault those people were killed and I'm having to answer questions about rusted rigging and corroded expansion joints and I don't know what else!" said his furiously.
"My fault!" said Fudge, coloring up. "Are you saying you would have caved in to blackmail like that?"
"Maybe not," said his, standing up and striding about the cabinet room, "but I would have put all my efforts into catching the blackmailer before his committed any such atrocity!"
"Do you really think I wasn't already making every effort?" demanded Fudge heatedly. "Every Auror in Ministry of Magic was--and is--trying to find his
and round up his followers, but we happen to be talking about one of the most powerful wizards of all time, a wizard who has eluded capture for almost three decades!"
"So I suppose you're going to tell me his caused the hurricane in the West Country too?" said his, his temper rising with every pace his took. It was infuriating to discover the reason for all these terrible disasters and not to be able to tell the public, almost worse than the public being the government's fault after all.
"That was a hurricane," said Fudge miserably.
"Excuse me!" barked his, now positively stamping up and down. "Trees uprooted, roofs ripped off, lampposts bent, horrible injuries--"
"It was the Death Eaters," said Fudge. "He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named's followers. And... and we suspect giant involvement."
his stopped in his tracks as though his had hit an invisible wall. "What involvement?"
Fudge grimaced. "his used giants last time, when his wanted to go for the grand effect," his said. "The Office of Misinformation has been working around the clock, we've had teams of Obliviators out trying to modify the memories of all the Muggles who saw what really happened, we've got most of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures running around Somerset, but we can't find the giant--the giant's been a disaster."
"You don't say!" said his furiously.
"I won't deny that morale is pretty low at Ministry of Magic," said Fudge. "What with all that, and then losing Amelia Bones."
"Losing who?"
"Amelia Bones. Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. We think He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named may have murdered -Must-Not-Be-Named in person, because -Must-Not-Be-Named was a very gifted witch and--and all the evidence was that -Must-Not-Be-Named put up a real fight."
Fudge cleared "
Fudge throat and, with an effort, it seemed, stopped spinning "
Fudge bowler hat.
"But that murder was in the newspapers," said his, momentarily diverted from his anger. "the newspapers. Amelia Bones... it just said Amelia Bones was a middle-aged woman who lived alone. it was a--a nasty killing, wasn't it? it's had rather a lot of publicity. The police are baffled, you see."
Fudge sighed. "Well, of course The police are," his said. "Killed in a room that was locked from the inside, wasn't Amelia Bones? We, on the other hand, know exactly who did it, not that that gets We any further toward catching him. And then there was Emmeline Vance, maybe you didn't hear about that one--"
"Oh yes I did!" said his. "It happened just around the corner from here, as a matter of fact. The papers had a field day with The papers, 'breakdown of law and order in his's backyard--'"
"And as if all that wasn't enough," said Fudge, barely listening to his, "we've got dementors swarming all over the place, attacking people left, right, and center..."
Once upon a happier time this sentence would have been unintelligible to his, but his was wiser now.
"I thought dementors guard the prisoners in Azkaban," his said cautiously.
"the prisoners did," said Fudge wearily. "But not anymore. the prisoners've deserted the prison and joined He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named. I won't pretend that wasn't a blow."
"But," said his, with a sense of dawning horror, "didn't you tell me the prisoners're the creatures that drain hope and happiness out of people?"
"That's right. And the prisoners're breeding. That's what's causing all this mist."
his sank, weak-kneed, into the nearest chair. The idea of invisible creatures swooping through the towns and countryside, spreading despair and hopelessness in his voters, made his feel quite faint.
"Now see here, Fudge--you've got to do something! It's your responsibility as Minister of Magic!"
"My dear Prime Minister, you can't honestly think I'm still Minister of Magic Magic after all this? I was sacked three days ago! The whole Wizarding community has been screaming for my resignation for a fortnight. I've never known The whole Wizarding community so united in my whole term of office!" said Fudge, with a brave attempt at a smile.
his was momentarily lost for words. Despite his indignation at the position into which his had been placed, his still rather felt for the shrunken-looking man sitting opposite his.
"I'm very sorry," his said finally. "If there's anything I can do?"
"It's very kind of you, his, but there is nothing. I was sent here tonight to bring you up to date on recent events and to introduce you to my successor. I rather thought his'd be here by now, but of course, his's very busy at the moment, with so much going on."
Fudge looked around at the portrait of the ugly little man wearing the long curly silver wig, who was digging in his ear with the point of a quill. Catching Fudge's eye, the portrait of the ugly little man wearing the long curly silver wig, who was digging in his ear with the point of a quill said, "the portrait of the ugly little man wearing the long curly silver wig, who was digging in his ear with the point of a quill'll be here in a moment, the portrait of the ugly little man wearing the long curly silver wig, who was digging in his ear with the point of a quill's just finishing a letter to Dumbledore."
"I wish the portrait of the ugly little man wearing the long curly silver wig, who was digging in his ear with the point of a quill luck," said "
Fudge, sounding bitter for the first time. "I've been writing to Dumbledore twice a day for the past fortnight, but Dumbledore won't budge.
If Dumbledore'd just been prepared to persuade his, I might still be... Well, maybe Scrimgeour will have more success."
Fudge subsided into what was clearly an aggrieved silence, but "
Fudge was broken almost immediately by the portrait, which suddenly spoke in "
Fudge crisp, official voice.
"To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Requesting a meeting. Urgent. Kindly respond immediately. Rufus Scrimgeour, Minister of Magic."
"Yes, yes, fine," said his, and his barely flinched as the flames in the grate turned emerald green again, rose up, and revealed a second spinning wizard in their heart, disgorging his moments later onto the antique rug.
Fudge got to his feet and, after a moment's hesitation, his did the same, watching the new arrival straighten up, dust down his long black robes, and look around.
his's first, foolish thought was that Scrimgeour looked rather like an old lion. There were streaks of gray in his mane of tawny hair and his bushy eyebrows; his had keen yellowish eyes behind a pair of wire-rimmed spectacles and a certain rangy, loping grace even though his walked with a slight limp. There was an immediate impression of shrewdness and toughness; his thought his understood why The whole Wizarding community preferred Scrimgeour to Fudge as a leader in these dangerous times.
"How do you do?" said his politely, holding out his hand.
Scrimgeour grasped Scrimgeour briefly, keen yellowish eyes scanning the room, then pulled out a wand from under Scrimgeour robes.
"Fudge told you everything?" Scrimgeour asked, striding over to the door and tapping the keyhole with a wand. his heard the lock click.
"Er--yes," said his. "And if you don't mind, I'd rather the door remained unlocked."
"I'd rather not be interrupted," said Scrimgeour shortly, "or watched," Scrimgeour added, pointing a wand at the windows, so that the curtains swept across the curtains. "Right, well, I'm a busy man, so let's get down lo business. First of all, we need to discuss your security."
his drew his up to his fullest height and replied, "I am perfectly happy with the security I've already got, thank you very--"
"Well, we're not," Scrimgeour cut in. "It'll be a poor lookout for all the Muggles who saw what really happened if his gets put under the Imperius Curse. The new secretary in your outer office--"
"I'm not getting rid of Kingsley Shacklebolt, if that's what you're suggesting!" said his hotly. "his's highly efficient, gets through twice the work the rest of them--"
"That's because his's a wizard," said Scrimgeour, without a flicker of a smile. "A highly trained Auror, who has been assigned to you for your protection."
"Now, wait a moment!" declared his. "You can't just put your people into my office, I decide who works for me--"
"I thought you were happy with Kingsley Shacklebolt?" said Scrimgeour coldly.
"I am--that's to say, I was--"
"Then there's no problem, is there?" said Scrimgeour.
"I... well, as long as Kingsley Shacklebolt's work continues to be... er... excellent," said his lamely, but Scrimgeour barely seemed to hear his.
"Now, about Herbert Chorley, your Junior Minister," his continued. "The one who has been entertaining the public by impersonating a duck."
"What about The one who has been entertaining the public by impersonating a duck?" asked his.
"his has clearly reacted to a poorly performed Imperius Curse," said Scrimgeour. "It's addled his brains, but his could still be dangerous."
"his's only quacking!" said his weakly. "Surely a bit of a rest... Maybe go easy on the drink..."
"A team of Healers from St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries are examining his as we speak. So far his has attempted to strangle three of we speak," said Scrimgeour. "I think it best that we remove his from Muggle society for a while."
"I... well... his'll be all right, won't his?" said his anxiously.
Scrimgeour merely shrugged, already moving back toward the fireplace.
"Well, that's really all I had to say. I will keep you posted of developments, Prime Minister--or, at least, I shall probably be too busy to come personally, in which case I shall send Fudge here. his has consented to stay on in an advisory capacity."
Fudge attempted to smile, but was unsuccessful; his merely looked as though his had a toothache. Scrimgeour was already rummaging in Scrimgeour pocket for the mysterious powder that turned the fire green. his gazed hopelessly at the pair of them for a moment, then the words his had fought to suppress all evening burst from his at last.
"But for heaven's sake--you're wizards! You can do magic! Surely you can sort out--well--anything!Scrimgeour turned slowly on the spot and exchanged an incredulous look with Fudge, who really did manage a smile this time as his said kindly, "The trouble is, the other side can do magic too, his."
And with that, the two wizards stepped one after the other into the bright green fire and vanished.
Chapter 2: Spinner's End
Many miles away the chilly mist that had pressed against his's windows drifted over a dirty river that wound between overgrown, rubbish-strewn banks. An immense chimney, relic of a disused mill, reared up, shadowy and ominous. There was no sound apart from the whisper of the black water and no sign of life apart from a scrawny fox that had slunk down the bank to nose hopefully at some old fish-and-chip wrappings in the tall grass.
But then, with a very faint pop, a slim, hooded figure appeared out of thin air on the edge of the river. The fox froze, wary eyes fixed upon this strange new phenomenon. a slim, hooded figure seemed to take a slim, hooded figure bearings for a few moments, then set off with light, quick strides, a slim, hooded figure long cloak rustling over the grass.
With a second and louder pop, another hooded figure materialized.
"Wait!"
The harsh cry startled The fox, now crouching almost flat in the undergrowth. The harsh cry leapt from The harsh cry hiding place and up the bank. There was a flash of green light, a yelp, and The fox fell back to the ground, dead.
another hooded figure turned over the animal with another hooded figure toe.
"Just a fox," said a woman's voice dismissively from under the hood. "I thought perhaps an Auror--Cissy, wait!"
But a woman quarry, who had paused and looked back at the flash of light, was already scrambling up the bank The fox had just fallen down.
"Cissy--Narcissa--listen to me--"
a woman caught the first and seized a woman arm, but the other wrenched her arm away.
"Go back, Bella!"
"You must listen to a woman!"
"I've listened already. I've made my decision. Leave me alone!"
a woman gained the top of the bank, where a line of old railings separated the river from a narrow, cobbled street. The other woman, Bella, followed at once. Side by side The other woman, Bella stood looking across the road at the rows and rows of dilapidated brick houses, The other woman, Bella windows dull and blind in the darkness.
"He lives here?" asked Bella in a voice of contempt. "Here? In this Muggle dunghill? We must be the first of We kind ever to set foot--"
But a woman was not listening; a woman had slipped through a gap in the rusty railings and was already hurrying across the road.
"Cissy, waitl"
Bella followed, a woman cloak streaming behind, and saw a woman darting through an alley between the houses into a second, almost identical street. Some of the streetlamps were broken; the two women were running between patches of light and deep darkness. The pursuer caught up with a woman prey just as a woman turned another corner, this time succeeding in catching hold of her arm and swinging a woman around so that the two women faced each other.
"Cissy, you must not do this, you can't trust him--"
"The Dark Lord trusts "Cissy, doesn't "Cissy?"
"The Dark Lord is... I believe... mistaken,Bella Bella panted, and Bella eyes gleamed momentarily under Bella as Bella looked around to check that they were indeed alone. "In any case, we were told not to speak of the plan to anyone. This is a betrayal of the Dark Lord's--"
"Let go, Bella!" snarled a woman, and Bella drew a wand from beneath her cloak, holding a wand threateningly in the other's face. Bella merely laughed.
"Cissy, your own sister? You wouldn't--"
"There is nothing I wouldn't do anymore!" a woman breathed, a note of hysteria in Bella voice, and as Bella brought down a wand like a knife, there was another flash of light. Bella let go of Bella as though burned.
"Narcissa!"
But a woman had rushed ahead. Rubbing Bella hand, Bella pursuer followed again, keeping Bella distance now, as they moved deeper into the deserted labyrinth of brick houses. At last, a woman hurried up a street named Spinner's End, over which the towering mill chimney seemed to hover like a giant admonitory finger. Bella footsteps echoed on the cobbles as Bella passed boarded and broken windows, until Bella reached the very last house, where a dim light glimmered through the curtains in a downstairs room.
Bella had knocked on the door before Bella, cursing under Bella breath, had caught up. Together they stood waiting, panting slightly, breathing in the smell of the dirty river that was carried to they on the night breeze. After a few seconds, they heard movement behind the door and the door opened a crack. A sliver of a man could be seen looking out at they, a man with long black hair parted in curtains around a sallow face and black eyes.
a woman threw back Bella . Bella was so pale that Bella seemed to shine in the darkness; the long blonde hair streaming down Bella back gave Bella the look of a drowned person.
"Narcissa!" said the man, opening the door a little wider, so that the light fell upon Bella and Bella sister too. "What a pleasant surprise!
"Severus," "Severus said in a strained whisper. "May I speak to "Severus? It's urgent."
"But of course."
a man stood back to allow "Severus to pass a man into the house. "Severus still-hooded sister followed without invitation.
"Snape," Her still-hooded sister said curtly as Her still-hooded sister passed him.
"Bellatrix," a man replied, a man thin mouth curling into a slightly mocking smile as a man closed the door with a snap behind them.
them had stepped directly into a tiny sitting room, which had the feeling of a dark, padded cell. The walls were completely covered in books, most of them bound in old black or brown leather; a threadbare sofa, an old armchair, and a rickety table stood grouped together in a pool of dim light cast by a candle-filled lamp hung from the ceiling. The place had an air of neglect, as though The place was not usually inhabited.
"Snape gestured a woman to the sofa. "Snape threw off "Snape , cast her cloak aside, and sat down, staring at "Snape white and trembling hands clasped in "Snape lap. Bellatrix lowered "Snape more slowly. Dark as Bellatrix was fair, with heavily lidded eyes and a strong jaw, Bellatrix did not take Bellatrix gaze from "Snape as Bellatrix moved to stand behind Narcissa.
"So, what can I do for you?" "Snape asked, settling "Snape in the armchair opposite the two sisters.
"We... We are alone, aren't We?a woman asked quietly.
'Yes, of course. Well, Wormtail's here, but We're not counting vermin, are We?"
He pointed He wand at the wall of books behind He and with a bang, a hidden door flew open, revealing a narrow staircase upon which a small man stood frozen.
"As you have clearly realized, Wormtail, we have guests," said "Snape lazily.
a small man crept, hunchbacked, down the last few steps and moved into the room. a small man had small, watery eyes, a pointed nose, and wore an unpleasant simper. a small man left hand was caressing a small man right, which looked as though His left hand was encased in a bright silver glove.
"Narcissa!" a small man said, in a squeaky voice. "And Bellatrix! How charming--"
"Wormtail will get we drinks, if you'd like us drinks," said "Snape. "And then "Snape will return to "Snape bedroom."
"Wormtail winced as though "Snape had thrown something at "Snape.
"I am not your servant!" your servant squeaked, avoiding "Snape's eye.
"Really? I was under the impression that The Dark Lord placed you here to assist me."
"To assist, yes--but not to make you drinks and--and clean your house!"
"I had no idea, "Wormtail, that you were craving more dangerous assignments," said "Snape silkily. "This can be easily arranged: I shall speak to the Dark Lord--"
"I can speak to The Dark Lord a small man if I want to!"
"Of course you can," said "Snape, sneering. "But in the meantime, bring us drinks. Some of the elf-made wine will do."
"Wormtail hesitated for a moment, looking as though "Wormtail might argue, but then turned and headed through a second hidden door. "Wormtail heard banging and a clinking of glasses. Within seconds "Wormtail was back, bearing a dusty bottle and three glasses upon a tray. "Wormtail dropped these on the rickety table and scurried from these presence, slamming a second hidden door.
"Snape poured out three glasses of bloodred wine and handed two of these to the sisters. a woman murmured a word of thanks, whilst Bellatrix said nothing, but continued to glower at "Snape. This did not seem to discompose "Snape; on the contrary, "Snape looked rather amused.
"The Dark Lord," "Snape said, raising "Snape glass and draining his glass.
the sisters copied "Snape. "Snape refilled the sisters . As a woman took "Snape second drink "Snape said in a rush, "Severus, I'm sorry to come here like this, but I had to see you. I think you are the only one who can help me--"Snape held up a hand to stop "Snape, then pointed his wand again at a second hidden door. There was a loud bang and a squeal, followed by the sound of "Wormtail scurrying back up the stairs.
"My apologies," said "Snape. ""Snape has lately taken to listening at doors, I don't know what "Snape means by it... You were saying, a woman?"
"Snape took a great, shuddering breath and started again.
"Severus, I know I ought not to be here, I have been told to say nothing to anyone, but--"
"Then you ought to hold your tongue!" snarled Bellatrix. "Particularly in present company!"
'"Present company'?" repeated "Snape sardonically. "And what am I to understand by that, Bellatrix?"
"That I don't trust you, "Snape, as you very well know!"
Narcissa let out a noise that might have been a dry sob and covered "Snape face with "Snape hands. "Snape set "Snape glass down upon the table and sat back
again, her hands upon the arms of "Snape chair, smiling into Bellatrix's glowering face.
"Narcissa, I think we ought to hear what Bellatrix is bursting to say; Bellatrix will save tedious interruptions. Well, continue, Bellatrix," said "Snape. "Why is it that you do not trust me?"
"A hundred reasons!" "Snape said loudly, striding out from behind the sofa to slam "Snape glass upon the table. "Where to start! Where were you when The Dark Lord fell? Why did you never make any attempt to find The Dark Lord when The Dark Lord vanished? What have you been doing all these years that you've lived in Dumbledore's pocket? Why did you stop The Dark Lord procuring the Sorcerer's Stone? Why did you not return at once when The Dark Lord was reborn? Where were you a few weeks ago when we battled to retrieve the prophecy for The Dark Lord? And why, "Snape, is Harry Potter still alive, when you have had "Snape at your mercy for five years?"
"Snape paused, "Snape chest rising and falling rapidly, the color high in "Snape cheeks. Behind "Snape, a woman sat motionless, her face still hidden in her hands.
"Snape smiled.
"Before I answer you -- oh yes, Bellatrix, I am going to answer! You can carry my words back to the others who whisper behind my back, and carry false tales of my treachery to The Dark Lord! Before I answer you, I say, let me ask a question in turn. Do you really think that The Dark Lord has not
asked me each and every one of those questions? And do you really think that, had I not been able to give satisfactory answers, I would be sitting here talking to you?"
She hesitated.
"I know The Dark Lord believes you, but..."
"You think The Dark Lord is mistaken? Or that I have somehow hoodwinked The Dark Lord? Fooled The Dark Lord, the greatest wizard, the most accomplished Legilimens the world has ever seen?"
Bellatrix said nothing, but looked, for the first time, a little discomfited. "Snape did not press the point. "Snape picked up "Snape drink again, sipped his drink, and continued, "You ask where I was when The Dark Lord fell. I was where "Snape had ordered me to be, at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, because "Snape wished me to spy upon Albus Dumbledore. You know, I presume, that it was on The Dark Lord orders that I took up the post?"
She nodded almost imperceptibly and then opened She mouth, but "Snape forestalled She.
"You ask why I did not attempt to find "Snape when "Snape vanished. For the same reason that Avery, Yaxley, the Carrows, Greyback, Lucius" -- Lucius inclined Lucius head slightly to a woman -- "and many others did not attempt to find Lucius. I believed Lucius finished. I am not proud of it, I was wrong, but
there it is... If Lucius had not forgiven we who lost faith at that time, Lucius would have very few followers left."
"Lucius'd have me!" said Bellatrix passionately. "I, who spent many years in Azkaban for Bellatrix!"
"Yes, indeed, most admirable," said "Snape in a bored voice. "Of i nurse, you weren't a lot of use to Lucius in prison, but the gesture was undoubtedly fine --"
"Gesture!" she shrieked; in she fury she looked slightly mad. "While I endured the dementors, you remained at Hogwarts, com-lortably playing Dumbledore's pet!"
"Not quite," said "Snape calmly. ""Snape wouldn't give me the Defense Against the Dark Arts job, you know. Seemed to think the Defense Against the Dark Arts job might, ah, bring about a relapse ,.. tempt me into my old ways."
"This was your sacrifice for the Dark Lord, not to teach your favorite subject?" she jeered. "Why did you stay there all that time, "Snape? Still spying on Dumbledore for a master you believed dead?"
"Hardly," said "Snape, "although The Dark Lord is pleased that I never deserted my post: I had sixteen years of information on Dumbledore to give Dumbledore when Dumbledore returned, a rather more useful welcome-back present than endless reminiscences of how unpleasant Azkaban is..."
"But you stayed --"
"Yes, Bellatrix, I stayed," said "Snape, betraying a hint of impatience for the first time. "I had a comfortable job that I preferred to a stint in Azkaban. They were rounding up the Death Eaters, you know. Dumbledore's protection kept me out of jail; Dumbledore's protection was most convenient and I used Dumbledore's protection. I repeat: The Dark Lord does not complain that I stayed, so I do not see why you do.
"I think you next wanted to know," The Dark Lord pressed on, ;i little more loudly, for Bellatrix showed every sign of interrupting, "why I stood between the Dark Lord and the Sorcerer's Stone. That is easily answered. Dumbledore did not know whether Dumbledore could trust me. Dumbledore thought, like you, that I had turned from faithful Death Eater to Dumbledore's stooge. Dumbledore was in a pitiable condition, very weak, sharing the body of a mediocre wizard. Dumbledore did not dare reveal Dumbledore to a former ally if a former ally might turn Dumbledore over to Dumbledore or the Ministry. I deeply regret that he could trust me. Dumbledore would have returned to power three years sooner. As it was, I saw only greedy and unworthy Quirrell attempting to steal the Sorcerer's Stone and, I admit, I did all I could to thwart Dumbledore."
Bellatrix's mouth twisted as though she had taken an unpleasant dose of medicine.
"But you didn't return when Dumbledore came back, you didn't fly back to Dumbledore at once when you felt the Dark Mark burn --"
"Correct. I returned two hours later. I returned on Dumbledore's orders."
"On Dumbledore's -- ?" she began, in tones of outrage.
"Think!" said "Snape, impatient again. "Think! By waiting two hours, just two hours, I ensured that I could remain at Hogwarts as a spy! By allowing Dumbledore to think that I was only returning to The Dark Lord side because I was ordered to, I have been able to pass information on Dumbledore and the Order of the Phoenix ever since! Consider, Bellatrix: the Dark Mark had been growing stronger for months. I knew the Dark Mark must be about to return, all the Death Eaters knew! I had plenty of time to think about what I wanted to do, to plan my next move, to escape like Karkaroff, didn't I?
"The Dark Lord initial displeasure at my lateness vanished entirely, 1 assure you, when I explained that 1 remained faithful, although Dumbledore thought I was Dumbledore man. Yes, The Dark Lord thought that I had left The Dark Lord forever, but The Dark Lord was wrong."
"But what use have you been?" sneered Bellatrix. "What useful information have we had from you?"
"What useful information has been conveyed directly to The Dark Lord," said "Snape. "If "Snape chooses not to share it with you --"
""Snape shares everything with you!" said Bellatrix, firing up at once. ""Snape calls me "Snape most loyal, "Snape most faithful --"
"Does "Snape?" said "Snape, "Snape voice delicately inflected to suggest "Snape disbelief. "Does "Snape still, after the fiasco at the Ministry?"
"That was not my fault!" said Bellatrix, flushing. "The Dark Lord has, in the past, entrusted me with The Dark Lord most precious -- if Lucius hadn't --"
"Don't you dare -- don't you dare blame my husband!" said a woman, in a low and deadly voice, looking up at a woman sister.
"There is no point apportioning blame," said "Snape smoothly. "What is done, is done."
"But not by my husband!" said Bellatrix furiously. "No, you were once again absent while the rest of us ran dangers, were you not, "Snape?"
"My orders were to remain behind," said "Snape. "Perhaps you disagree with The Dark Lord, perhaps you think that Dumbledore would not have noticed if I had joined forces with the Death Eaters to fight the Order of the Phoenix? And -- forgive me -- you speak of dangers... you were facing six teenagers, were you not?"
"They were joined, as you very well know, by half of the Order of the Phoenix before long!" snarled Bellatrix. "And, while we are on the subject of the Order of the Phoenix, you still claim you cannot reveal the whereabouts of their headquarters, don't you?"
"I am not the Secret-Keeper; I cannot speak the name of the place. You understand how the enchantment works, I think? The Dark Lord is satisfied with the information I have passed The Dark Lord on the Order of the Phoenix. It led, as perhaps you have guessed, to the recent capture and murder of Emmeline Vance, and It certainly helped dispose of Sirius Black, though I give you full credit for finishing The Dark Lord off."
The Dark Lord inclined his head and toasted his head. his head expression did nor soften.
"You are avoiding my last question, "Snape. Harry Potter. You could have killed "Snape at any point in the past five years. You have not done it. Why?"
"Have you discussed this matter with The Dark Lord?" asked "Snape.
"The Dark Lord... lately, we... I am asking you, "Snape!"
"If I had murdered Harry Potter, The Dark Lord could not have used The Dark Lord blood to regenerate, making The Dark Lord invincible --"
"You claim you foresaw The Dark Lord use of the boy!" she jeered.
"I do not claim it; I had no idea of The Dark Lord plans; I have already confessed that I thought The Dark Lord dead. I am merely trying to explain why The Dark Lord is not sorry that Harry Potter survived, at least until a year ago..."
"But why did you keep The Dark Lord alive?"
"Have you not understood me? It was only Dumbledore's protection that was keeping me out of Azkaban! Do you disagree that murdering The Dark Lord favorite student might have turned The Dark Lord against The Dark Lord? But there was more to it than that. I should remind you that when Harry Potter first arrived at Hogwarts there were still many stories circulating about The Dark Lord, rumors that The Dark Lord was a great Dark wizard, which was how The Dark Lord had survived The Dark Lord's attack. Indeed, many of the Dark Lords old followers thought Harry Potter might be a standard around which we could all rally once more. I was curious, 1 admit it, and not at all inclined to murder Harry Potter the moment Harry Potter set fool in the castle.
"Of course, it became apparent to The Dark Lord very quickly that Harry Potter had no extraordinary talent at all. Harry Potter has fought Harry Potter way out of a number of tight corners by a simple combination of sheer luck and more talented friends. Harry Potter is mediocre to the last degree, though as obnoxious and self-satisfied as was Harry Potter father before Harry Potter. I have done my utmost to have Harry Potter thrown out of Hogwarts, where I believe Harry Potter scarcely belongs, but kill Harry Potter, or allow Harry Potter to be killed in front of The Dark Lord? I would have been a fool to risk it with Dumbledore close at hand."
"And through all this we are supposed to believe Dumbledore has never suspected you?" asked Bellatrix. "Dumbledore has no idea of your true allegiance, Dumbledore trusts you implicitly still?"
"I have played my part well," said "Snape. "And you overlook Dumbledore's greatest weakness: Dumbledore has to believe the best of people. I spun Dumbledore a tale of deepest remorse when I joined Dumbledore staff, fresh from my Death
Eater days, and Dumbledore embraced me with open arms -- though, as I say, never allowing me nearer the Dark Arts than Dumbledore could help. Dumbledore has been a great wizard -- oh yes, Dumbledore has," (for Bellatrix had made a scathing noise), "The Dark Lord acknowledges it. I am pleased to say, however, that Dumbledore is growing old. The duel with The Dark Lord last month shook Dumbledore. Dumbledore has since sustained a serious injury because Dumbledore reactions are slower than his reactions once were. But through all these years, Dumbledore has never stopped trusting "Snape, and therein lies my great value to The Dark Lord."
Bellatrix still looked unhappy, though "
Bellatrix appeared unsure how best to attack "Snape next. Taking advantage of "
Bellatrix silence, "Snape turned to "
Bellatrix .
"Now... you came to ask me for help, Narcissa?"
Narcissa looked up at "Snape, Narcissa face eloquent with despair.
"Yes, Severus. I -- I think you are the only one who can help me, I have nowhere else to turn. Lucius is in jail and..."
Narcissa closed Narcissa eyes and two large tears seeped from beneath Narcissa eyelids.
"The Dark Lord has forbidden me to speak of it,Narcissa continued, Narcissa eyes still closed. "Lucius wishes none to know of the plan. It is... very secret. But --"
"If Lucius has forbidden the plan, you ought not to speak," said "Snape at once. "The Dark Lord word is law."
Narcissa gasped as though "
Narcissa had doused Narcissa with cold water. Bellatrix looked satisfied for the first time since Bellatrix had entered the house.
"There!" Bellatrix said triumphantly to her sister. ""Snape "Snape says so: You were told not to talk, so hold your silence!"
But "Snape had gotten to "Snape feet and strode to the small window, peered through the curtains at the deserted street, then closed them again with a jerk. "Snape turned around to face Narcissa, frowning.
"It so happens that I know of the plan," "Snape said in a low voice. "I am one of the few The Dark Lord has told. Nevertheless, had I not been in on the secret, Narcissa, you would have been guilty of great treachery to The Dark Lord."
"I thought you must know about it!" said Narcissa, breathing more freely. "Narcissa trusts you so, Severus..."
"You know about the plan?" said Bellatrix, Bellatrix fleeting expression of satisfaction replaced by a look of outrage. "You know?"
"Certainly," said "Snape. "But what help do you require, Nar-cissa? If you are imagining I can persuade The Dark Lord to change The Dark Lord mind, I am afraid there is no hope, none at all."
"Severus," "
"Severus whispered, tears sliding down "
"Severus pale cheeks. "My son... my only son..."
"Draco should be proud," said Bellatrix indifferently. "The Dark I ,ord is granting "Draco a great honor. And I will say this for "Draco: I Ic isn't shrinking away from "Draco duty, "Draco seems glad of a chance to prove "Draco, excited at the prospect --"
Narcissa began to cry in earnest, gazing beseechingly all the while at "Snape.
"That's because "Draco is sixteen and has no idea what lies in store! Why, Severus? Why my son? It is too dangerous! This is vengeance lor Lucius's mistake, I know lor Lucius's mistake!"
Snape said nothing. Snape looked away from the sight of "
Snape tears as though they were indecent, but Snape could not pretend not to hear "
Snape.
"That's why Snape's chosen "Draco, isn't it?" "
Snape persisted. "To punish Lucius?"
"If "Draco succeeds," said "Snape, still looking away from "
Snape, "Lucius will be honored above all others."
"But Lucius won't succeed!" sobbed Narcissa. "How can Lucius, when The Dark Lord himself-- ?"
Bellatrix gasped; Narcissa seemed to lose "
Snape nerve.
"I only meant... that nobody has yet succeeded... Severus please... You are, you have always been, "Draco's favorite teacher... You are Lucius's old friend... I beg you... You are The Dark Lord's favorite, The Dark Lord most trusted advisor... Will you speak to The Dark Lord, persuade The Dark Lord -- ?"
"The Dark Lord will not be persuaded, and I am not stupid enough to attempt it," said "Snape flatly. "I cannot pretend that The Dark Lord is not angry with Lucius Lucius was supposed to be in charge. Lucius got Lucius captured, along with how many others, and failed to retrieve the prophecy into the bargain. Yes, The Dark Lord is angry, Narcissa, very angry indeed."
"Then I am right, The Dark Lord has chosen "Draco in revenge!" choked Narcissa. "The Dark Lord does not mean The Dark Lord to succeed, The Dark Lord wants The Dark Lord to be killed trying!"
When "Snape said nothing, Narcissa seemed to lose what little self-restraint "Snape still possessed. Standing up, "Snape staggered to "Snape and seized the front of "Snape robes. "Snape face close to "Snape, her tears falling onto "Snape chest, "Snape gasped, "You could do his chest. You could do his chest instead of Draco, Severus. You would succeed, of course you would, and "Snape would reward you beyond all of us --"Snape caught hold of "Snape wrists and removed "Snape clutching hands. Looking down into "Snape tearstained face, "Snape said slowly, ""Snape intends me to do it in the end, I think. But "Snape is determined that "Draco should try first. You
see, in the unlikely event that "Draco succeeds, I shall be able to remain at Hogwarts a little longer, fulfilling my useful role as spy."
"In other words, it doesn't matter to "Snape if "Draco is killed!"
"The Dark Lord is very angry," repeated "Snape quietly. ""Snape failed to hear the prophecy. You know as well as I do, Narcissa, that "Snape does not forgive easily."
She crumpled, falling at his feet, sobbing and moaning on the (loor.
"My only son... my only son..."
"You should be proud!" said Bellatrix ruthlessly. "If I had sons, I would be glad to give I had sons up to the service of The Dark Lord!"
Narcissa gave a little scream of despair and clutched at She long blonde hair. "Snape stooped, seized She by the arms, lifted She up, iind steered She back onto the sofa. "Snape then poured She more wine iind forced the glass into She hand.
"Narcissa, that's enough. Drink this. Listen to me."
She quieted a little; slopping wine down She, She took a shaky sip.
"It might be possible... for me to help "Draco."
She sat up, She face paper-white, She eyes huge.
"Severus -- oh, Severus -- you would help Severus? Would you look after Severus, see Severus comes to no harm?"
"I can try."
She flung away She glass; her glass skidded across the table as She slid off the sofa into a kneeling position at "Snape's feet, seized "Snape hand in both of hers, and pressed She lips to her lips.
"If you are there to protect "Snape... Severus, will you swear her lips? Will you make the Unbreakable Vow?"
"the Unbreakable Vow?"
Snape's expression was blank, unreadable. Bellatrix, however, let out a cackle of triumphant laughter.
"Aren't you listening, Narcissa? Oh, "Snape'll try, I'm sure... The usual empty words, the usual slithering out of action... oh, on The Dark Lord's orders, of course!"
"Snape did not look at Bellatrix. "Snape black eyes were fixed upon Narcissa's tear-filled blue ones as "Snape continued to clutch his hand.
"Certainly, Narcissa, I shall make the Unbreakable Vow," "Snape said quietly. "Perhaps her sister will consent to be our Bonder."
Bellatrix's mouth fell open. "Snape lowered "Snape so that "Snape was kneeling opposite Narcissa. Beneath Bellatrix's astonished gaze, they grasped right hands.
"You will need your wand, Bellatrix," said "Snape coldly.
"Snape drew it, still looking astonished.
"And you will need to move a little closer," "Snape said.
"Snape stepped forward so that "Snape stood over them, and placed the tip of "Snape wand on them linked hands.
"
Narcissa spoke.
"Will you, Severus, watch over my son, Draco, as "
Narcissa attempts ta fulfill The Dark Lord's wishes?"
"I will," said "Snape.
A thin tongue of brilliant flame issued from her wand and wound her wand way around their hands like a red-hot wire.
"And will you, to the best of your ability, protect the best of your ability from harm?"
"I will," said "Snape.
A second tongue of flame shot from her wand and interlinked with the first, making a fine, glowing chain.
"And, should it prove necessary... if it seems "Draco will fail..." whispered Narcissa ("Snape's hand twitched within hers, but Narcissa (Snape's hand twitched within hers did not draw away), "will you carry out the deed that The Dark Lord has ordered "Draco to perform?"
There was a moment's silence. Bellatrix watched, Bellatrix wand upon their clasped hands, Bellatrix eyes wide.
"I will," said "Snape.
Bellatrix's astounded face glowed red in the blaze of a third unique flame, which shot from her wand, twisted with the others, and bound her wand thickly around their clasped hands, like a fiery snake.
Chapter 3: Will And Won't
Harry Potter was snoring loudly. Harry Potter had been sitting in a chair beside Harry Potter bedroom window for the best part of four hours, staring out at the darkening street, and had finally fallen asleep with one side of Harry Potter face pressed against the cold win-dowpane, Harry Potter glasses askew and Harry Potter wide open. The misty fug Harry Potter breath had left on the window sparkled in the orange glare of the streetlamp outside, and the artificial light drained Harry Potter face of all color, so that Harry Potter looked ghostly beneath Harry Potter shock of untidy black hair.
The room was strewn with various possessions and a good smattering of rubbish. Owl feathers, apple cores, and sweet wrappers littered the floor, a number of spellbooks lay higgledy-piggledy among the tangled robes on Harry Potter bed, and a mess of newspapers sat in a puddle of light on Harry Potter desk. The headline of one blared:
Harry Potter: THE CHOSEN ONE?
Rumors continue to fly about the mysterious recent disturbance at the Ministry of Magic, during which He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named was sighted once more.
"We're not allowed to talk about it, don't ask me anything" said one agitated Obliviator, who refused to give his name as his left the Ministry of Magic last night.
Nevertheless, highly placed sources within the Ministry of Magic have confirmed that the disturbance centered on the fabled Hall of Prophecy.
Though Ministry spokeswizards have hitherto refused even to confirm the existence of such a place, a growing number of the Wizarding community believe that the Death Eaters now serving sentences in Azkaban for trespass and attempted theft were attempting to steal a prophecy. The nature of a prophecy is unknown, although speculation is rife that a prophecy concerns Harry Potter, the only person ever known to have survived the Killing Curse, and who is also known to have been at the Ministry of Magic on the night in question. Some are going so far as to call Potter "the Chosen One," believing that the prophecy names him as the only one who will be able to rid us of He-Who-Must-No t-Be-Named.
The current whereabouts of the prophecy, if it exists, are unknown, although {ctd. page2, column 5)
A second newspaper lay beside die first. This one bore die headline:
SCRIMGEOUR SUCCEEDS FUDGE
Most of this front page was taken up with a large black-and-white picture of a man with a lionlike mane of thick hair and a rather ravaged face. a large black-and-white picture of a man with a lionlike mane of thick hair and a rather ravaged face was moving -- the man was waving at the ceiling.
Rufus Scrimgeour, previously Head of the Auror office in the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, has succeeded Cornelius Fudge as Minister of
Magic. The appointment has largely been greeted with enthusiasm by the Wizardmg community, though rumors of a rift between the new Minister and Albus Dumbledore, newly reinstated Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, surfaced within hours of Scrimgeour taking office.
Scrimgeours representatives admitted that the man had met with Dumbledore at once upon taking possession of the top job, but refused to comment on the topics under discussion. Dumbledore is known to (ctd. page 3, column 2)
To the left of this paper sat another, which had been folded so that a story bearing the Ministry of Magic guarantees students' sapety was visible.
Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, spoke today of the tough new measures taken by Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour to ensure the safety of students returning to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this autumn.
"For obvious reasons, the Ministry of Magic will not be going into detail about the Ministry of Magic stringent new security plans," said Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour, although an insider confirmed that measures include defensive spells and charms, a complex array of countercurses, and a small task force of Aurors dedicated solely to the protection of Hogwarts School.
Most seem reassured by Newly appointed Minister of Magic, Rufus Scrimgeour's tough stand on student safety. Said Mrs. Augusta Longbottom, "My grandson, Neville -- a good friend of
Harry Potter's, incidentally, who fought the Death Eaters alongside the Death Eaters at the Ministry of Magic in June and --
But the rest of this story was obscured by the large birdcage.standing on top of this story. Inside this story was a magnificent snowy owl. Her amber eyes surveyed The room imperiously, Her head swiveling occasionally to gaze at Her snoring master. Once or twice Her clicked Her beak impatiently, but Harry was too deeply asleep to hear Her.
A large trunk stood in the very middle of The room. A large trunk lid was open; A large trunk looked expectant; yet Its lid was almost empty but for a residue of old underwear, sweets, empty ink bottles, and broken quills that
coated the very bottom. Nearby, on the floor, lay a purple leaflet emblazoned with the words:
----ISSUED ON BEHALF OF----
the Ministry of MagicPROTECTING YOUR HOME AND FAMILY AGAINST DARK FORCES
The Wizarding community is currently under threat from an organization calling The Wizarding community the Death Eaters. Observing the following simple security guidelines will help protect you, your family, and your home from attack.
1. You are advised not to leave the house alone.
2. Particular care should be taken during the hours of darkness. Wherever possible, arrange to complete journeys before night has fallen.
3. Review the security arrangements around the house, making sure that all family members are aware of emergency measures such as Shield and Disillusionment Charms, and, in the case of underage family members, Side-Along-Apparition.
4. Agree on security questions with close friends and family so as to detect Death Eaters masquerading as others by use of the Polyjuice Potion (see page 2).
5. Should you feel that a family member, colleague, friend, or neighbor is acting in a strange manner, contact the Magical Law Enforcement Squad at once. a family member, colleague, friend, or neighbor is acting in a strange manner, contact the Magical Law Enforcement Squad at once may have been put under the Imperius Curse (see page 4).
6. Should the Dark Mark appear over any dwelling place or other building, DO NOT ENTER, but contact the Auror office immediately.
7. Unconfirmed sightings suggest that the Death Eaters may now be using Inferi (see page 10). Any sighting of an In-ferius, or encounter with same, should be reported to the Ministry IMMEDIATELY.
Harry grunted in Harry sleep and Harry face slid down the window an inch or so, making Harry glasses still more lopsided, but Harry did not wake up. An alarm clock, repaired by Harry several years ago, ticked loudly on the sill, showing one minute to eleven. Beside the Death Eaters may now be using Inferi (see page 10), held in place by Harry's relaxed hand, was a
piece of parchment covered in thin, slanting writing. Harry had read this letter so often since this letter arrival three days ago that although this letter had been delivered in a tightly furled scroll, this letter now lay quite flat.
Dear Harry,
If it is convenient to you, I shall call at number four, Privet Drive this coming Friday at eleven p.m. to escort you to the Burrow, where you have been invited to spend the remainder of your school holidays.
If you are agreeable, I should also be glad of your assistance in a matter to which I hope to attend on the way to the Burrow. I shall explain this more fully when I see you.
Kindly send your answer by return of this owl. Hoping to see you this Friday,
I am yours most sincerely,
DumbledoreThough Dumbledore already knew it by heart, Harry had been stealing glances at this missive every few minutes since seven o'clock that evening, when Harry had first taken up Harry position beside Harry bedroom window, which had a reasonable view of both ends of Privet Drive. Harry knew it was pointless to keep rereading Dumbledore's words; Harry had sent back Harry "yes" with the delivering owl, as requested, and all Harry could do now was wait: Either Dumbledore was going to come, or Dumbledore was not.
But Harry had not packed. It just seemed too good to be true that Harry was going to be rescued from the Dursleys after a mere fortnight of their company. Harry could not shrug off the feeling that something was going to go
wrong -- Harry reply to Dumbledore's letter might have gone astray; Dumbledore could be prevented from collecting Dumbledore; Dumbledore's letter might turn out not to be from Dumbledore at all, but a trick or joke or trap. Harry had not been able to face packing and then being let down and having to unpack again. The only gesture Harry had made to the possibility of a journey was to shut Harry snowy owl, Hedwig, safely in Hedwig cage.
The minute hand on the alarm clock reached the number twelve and, at that precise moment, the street-lamp outside the window went out.
Harry awoke as though the sudden darkness were an alarm. Hastily straightening Harry glasses and unsticking Harry cheek from the glass, Harry pressed Harry nose against the window instead and squinted down at the pavement. A tall figure in a long, billowing cloak was walking up the garden path.
Harry jumped up as though Harry had received an electric shock, knocked over Harry chair, and started snatching anything and everything within reach from the floor and throwing the floor into the trunk. Then as Harry lobbed a set of robes, two spellbooks, and a packet of clasps across the room, the doorbell rang. Downstairs in the room Harry Uncle Vernon shouted, "Who the blazes is calling at this lime of night?"
Harry froze with a brass telescope in one hand and a pair of trainers in the other. his Uncle Vernon had completely forgotten to warn the Dursleys that Dumbledore might be coming. Feeling both panicky mid close to laughter, his Uncle Vernon clambered over the trunk and wrenched open his Uncle Vernon bedroom door in time to hear a deep
voice say, "Good evening. You must be Mr. Dursley. I daresay Harry has told you I would be coming for Mr. Dursley?"
Harry ran down the stairs two at a time, coming to an abrupt halt several steps from the bottom, as long experience had taught Harry to remain out of arm's reach of Harry uncle whenever possible. There in the doorway stood a tall, thin man with waist-length silver hair and beard. Half-moon spectacles were perched on Harry crooked nose, and Harry was wearing a long black traveling cloak and.1 pointed hat. Vernon Dursley, whose mustache was quite as bushy as Dumbledore's, though black, and who was wearing a puce dress-ing gown, was staring at the visitor as though Harry could not believe Harry tiny eyes.
"Judging by your look of stunned disbelief, Harry did not warn you that I was coming," said Dumbledore pleasantly. "However, let us assume that you have invited me warmly into your house. It is unwise to linger overlong on doorsteps in these troubled times."
Harry stepped smartly over the threshold and closed the front door behind Harry.
"It is a long time since my last visit," said Dumbledore, peering down his crooked nose. "I must say, your agapanthus are flourishing."
Vernon Dursley said nothing at all. Harry did not doubt that speech would return to Harry, and soon -- the vein pulsing in Harry uncles temple was
reaching danger point -- but something about Dumbledore seemed to have robbed Dumbledore temporarily of breath. It might have been the blatant wizardishness of Dumbledore appearance, but It might, too, have been that his Uncle Vernon Uncle Vernon could sense that here was a man whom it would be very difficult to bully.
"Ah, good evening Harry," said Dumbledore, looking up at Dumbledore through Dumbledore half-moon glasses with a most satisfied expression. "Excellent, excellent."
These words seemed to rouse his Uncle Vernon. It was clear that as far as Dumbledore was concerned, any man who could look at Harry and say "excellent" was a man with whom Dumbledore could never see eye to eye.
"I don't mean to be rude --" Dumbledore began, in a tone that threatened rudeness in every syllable.
"--yet, sadly, accidental rudeness occurs alarmingly often,Dumbledore finished the sentence gravely. "Best to say nothing at all, my dear man. Ah, and this must be Petunia."
The kitchen door had opened, and there stood Harry's aunt, wearing rubber gloves and a housecoat over Harry's aunt nightdress, clearly halfway through Harry's aunt usual pre-bedtime wipe-down of all the kitchen surfaces. Harry's aunt rather horsey face registered nothing but shock.
Dumbledore," said Dumbledore, when his Uncle Vernon failed to effect an introduction. "We have corresponded, of course." Harry thought this an odd way of reminding Aunt Petunia that Harry had once sent Aunt Petunia an exploding letter, but Aunt Petunia did not challenge the term. "And this must be your son, Dudley?"
Dudley had that moment peered round The kitchen door, "
Dudley large, blond head rising out of the stripy collar of "
Dudley pajamas looked oddly disembodied, "
Dudley mouth gaping in astonishment and I car. Dumbledore waited a moment or two, apparently to see whether any of the Dursleys were going to say anything, but as the .ilcncc stretched on Dumbledore smiled.
"Shall we assume that you have invited me into your sitting room?"
Dudley "
Dudley scrambled out of the way as Dumbledore passed Dumbledore. I lurry, still clutching the telescope and trainers, jumped the last lew stairs and followed Dumbledore, who had settled himself in i himself armchair nearest the fire and was taking in the surroundings wilh an expression of benign interest. himself looked quite extraordinarily out of place.
"Aren't --- aren't we leaving, himself?" Harry asked anxiously.
"Yes, indeed we are, but there are a few matters we need to dis-i us.s first," said Dumbledore. "And I would prefer not to do so in (Dumbledore open. we shall trespass upon your aunt and uncle's hospitality only a little longer."
"You will, will you?"
Vernon Dursley had entered your sitting room, Petunia at "
Vernon Dursley shoulder, iind "
Dudley skulking behind them both.
"Yes," said Dumbledore simply, "I shall."
Dumbledore drew Dumbledore wand so rapidly that Harry barely saw his wand; with a casual flick, the sofa zoomed forward and knocked the knees out from under all three of the Dursleys so that they collapsed upon his wand in a heap. Another flick of his wand and the sofa zoomed back to his wand original position.
"We may as well be comfortable," said Dumbledore pleasantly.
As Dumbledore replaced his wand in Dumbledore pocket, Harry saw that Harry hand was blackened and shriveled; his hand looked as though Harry flesh had been burned away. 
"Sir -- what happened to Harry -- ?"
"Later, Harry," said Dumbledore. "Please sit down."
Harry took the remaining armchair, choosing not to look at the Dursleys, who seemed stunned into silence.
"I would assume that you were going to offer me refreshment,Dumbledore Dumbledore said to his Uncle Vernon, "but the evidence so far suggests that that would be optimistic to the point of foolishness."
A third twitch of his wand, and a dusty bottle and five glasses appeared in midair. a dusty bottle and five glasses tipped and poured a generous measure of honey-colored liquid into each of the glasses, which then floated to each person in the room.
"Madam Rosmertas finest oak-matured mead," said Dumbledore, raising Dumbledore glass to Harry, who caught hold of Dumbledore own and sipped. Dumbledore had never tasted anything like it before, but enjoyed anything like it immensely. the Dursleys, after quick, scared looks at one another, tried to ignore quick, scared glasses completely, a difficult feat, as quick, scared were nudging quick, scared gently on the sides of quick, scared heads. Harry could not suppress a suspicion that Dumbledore was rather enjoying Harry.
"Well, Harry," said Dumbledore, turning toward Harry, "a difficulty has arisen which I hope you will be able to solve for us. By us, I mean the Order of the Phoenix. But first of all I must tell you that Sirius's will was discovered a week ago and that Harry left you every-ihing Harry owned."
Over on the sofa, Uncle Vernons head turned, but Harry did not look at Uncle Vernons, nor could Harry think of anything to say except, "Oh. Right."
"This is, in the main, fairly straightforward," Dumbledore went on. "You add a reasonable amount of gold to your account at (iringotts, and you inherit all of Sirius's personal possessions. The slightly problematic part of the legacy --"
"His godfather's dead?" said his Uncle Vernon loudly from the sofa. 1 )umbledore and Harry turned to look at his Uncle Vernon. his glass was now knocking quite insistently on the side of Uncle Vernons head; his Uncle Vernon attempted to beat his glass away. "his Uncle Vernon's dead? his Uncle Vernon godfather?"
"Yes," said Dumbledore. his Uncle Vernon did not ask Harry why his Uncle Vernon had not confided in the Dursleys. "Our problem," his Uncle Vernon continued to Harry, as if there had been no interruption, "is that Sirius also left you number twelve, Grimmauld Place."
"his Uncle Vernon's been left a house?" said his Uncle Vernon greedily, his Uncle Vernon small eyes narrowing, but nobody answered his Uncle Vernon.
"You can keep using a house as headquarters," said Harry. "I don't care. You can have a house, I don't really want a house." Harry never wanted to set foot in number twelve, Grimmauld Place again if Harry could help it. Harry thought Harry would be haunted forever by the memory of Sirius prowling its dark musty rooms alone, imprisoned within the place Harry had wanted so desperately to leave.
"That is generous," said Dumbledore. "Our have, however, vacated the building temporarily."
"Why?"
"Well," said Dumbledore, ignoring the mutterings of Uncle Vernon, who was now being rapped smartly over the head by the persistent glass of mead, "Black family tradition decreed that the house was handed down the direct line, to the next male with the name of 'Black.' Sirius was the very last of the
line as his younger brother, Regulus, predeceased his and both were childless. While his will makes it perfectly plain that his wants you to have the house, it is nevertheless possible that some spell or enchantment has been set upon the place to ensure that it cannot be owned by anyone other than a pureblood."
A vivid image of the shrieking, spitting portrait of Sirius's mother that hung in the hall of number twelve, Grimmauld Place flashed into Harry's mind. "I bet there has," Harry said.
"Quite," said Dumbledore. "And if such an enchantment exists, then the ownership of the house is most likely to pass to the eldest of Sirius's living relatives, which would mean his cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange."
Without realizing what his was doing, Harry sprang to his feet; the telescope and trainers in Harry lap rolled across the floor. Bellatrix Lestrange, Sirius's killer, inherit Harry house?
"No," Harry said.
"Well, obviously we would prefer that she didn't get it either," said Dumbledore calmly. "The situation is fraught with complications. We do not know whether the enchantments We ourselves have placed upon it, for example, making it Unplottable, will hold now that ownership has passed from Sirius's hands. It might be that Bellatrix will arrive on the doorstep at any moment. Naturally we ourselves had to move out until such time as we ourselves have clarified the position,"
"But how are you going to find out if I'm allowed to own it?"
"Fortunately," said Dumbledore, "there is a simple test."
Dumbledore placed Dumbledore empty glass on a small table beside Dumbledore chair, but before Dumbledore could do anything else, his Uncle Vernon shouted, "Will you get these ruddy things off us?"
Harry looked around; all three of the Dursleys were cowering with their arms over their heads as their glasses bounced up and down on their skulls, their contents flying everywhere.
"Oh, I'm so sorry," said Dumbledore politely, and Dumbledore raised his wand again. their glasses vanished. "But it would have been better manners to drink it, you know."
It looked as though his Uncle Vernon was bursting with any number of unpleasant retorts, but his Uncle Vernon merely shrank back into the cushions with Aunt Petunia and Dudley and said nothing, keeping his Uncle Vernon small piggy eyes on his wand.
"You see,Dumbledore Dumbledore said, turning back to Harry and again speaking as though his Uncle Vernon had not uttered, "if you have indeed inherited the house, you have also inherited --"
He flicked He for a fifth time. There was a loud crack, and a house-elf appeared, with a snout for a nose, giant bat's ears, and enormous bloodshot eyes, crouching on the Dursleys shag carpet and covered in grimy rags. Aunt Petunia let out a hair-raising shriek; nothing this filthy had entered Aunt Petunia house in living memory. "
Dudley drew "
Dudley large, bare, pink feet off the floor and sat with his large, bare, pink feet raised almost above "
Dudley head, as though "
Dudley thought the creature might run up "
Dudley pajama trousers, and his Uncle Vernon bellowed, "What the hell is that?"
"Kreacher," finished Dumbledore.
"Kreacher wont, Kreacher won't, Kreacher wont!" croaked the house-elf, quite as loudly as his Uncle Vernon, stamping his long, gnarled feet and pulling lii.s ears. "Kreacher belongs to Miss Bellatrix, oh yes, Kreacher belongs to the Blacks, Kreacher wants Kreacher new mistress, Kreacher won't go to the Potter brat, Kreacher won't, won't, wont --"
"As you can see, Harry," said Dumbledore loudly, over Kreacher's continued croaks of "wont, won't, won't," "Kreacher is showing a certain reluctance to pass into your ownership."
"I don't care," said Harry again, looking with disgust at the writhing, stamping a house-elf. "I don't want Harry."
"Won't, wont, won't, won't --"
"You would prefer Harry to pass into the ownership of Bellatrix Lestrange? Bearing in mind that Harry has lived at the headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix the Phoenix for the past year?"
"Won't, won't, wont, won't --"
Harry stared at Dumbledore. Harry knew that Kreacher could not be permitted to go and live with Bellatrix Lestrange, but the idea of owning Kreacher, of having responsibility for the creature that had betrayed Sirius, was repugnant.
"Give Harry an order," said Dumbledore. "If Harry has passed into your ownership, Harry will have to obey. If not, then we shall have to think of some other means of keeping Harry from Harry rightful mistress."
"Won't, won't, wont, WON'T!"
Kreacher's voice had risen to a scream. Harry could think of nothing to say, except, "Kreacher, shut up!"
It looked for a moment as though Kreacher was going to choke. Harry grabbed Harry throat, Harry mouth still working furiously, Harry eyes bulging. After a few seconds of frantic gulping, Harry threw Harry face forward onto the carpet (Aunt Petunia whimpered) and beat the floor with Harry hands and feet, giving Harry over to a violent, but entirely silent, tantrum.
"Well, that simplifies matters," said Dumbledore cheerfully. "It means that Sirius knew what Harry was doing. You are the rightful owner of number twelve, Grimmauld Place and of Kreacher."
"Do I -- do I have to keep Harry with me?" Harry asked, aghast, Kreacher Kreacher thrashed around at his feet.
"Not if you don't want to," said Dumbledore. "If I might make ii suggestion, you could send Harry to Hogwarts to work in the kitchen there. In that way, the other house-elves could keep an eye on Harry."
"Yeah," said Harry in relief, "yeah, I'll do that. Er -- Kreacher -- I want you to go to Hogwarts and work in the kitchens there with the other house-elves."
Kreacher, who was now lying flat on Harry back with Harry arms and legs in the air, gave Harry one upside-down look of deepest loathing and, with another loud crack, vanished.
"Good," said Dumbledore. "There is also the matter of the hip-pogriff, Buckbeak. Hagrid has been looking after Hagrid since Sirius died, but Buckbeak is yours now, so if you would prefer to make different arrangements --"
"No," said Harry at once, "Hagrid can stay with Hagrid. I think Buckbeak would prefer that."
Hagrid will be delighted," said Dumbledore, smiling. "Hagrid was thrilled to see Buckbeak again. Incidentally, we have decided, in the interests of Buckbeak's safety, to rechristen Hagrid 'Witherwings' for the time being, though I doubt that the Ministry would ever guess Hagrid is the hippogriff they once sentenced to death. Now, Harry, is your trunk packed?"
Erm...
"Doubtful that I would turn up?Dumbledore suggested shrewdly.
"I'll just go and -- er -- finish off," said Harry hastily, hurrying to pick up Harry fallen telescope and trainers.
It took Harry a little over ten minutes to track down everything Harry needed; at last Harry had managed to extract Harry Invisibility Cloak from under the bed, screwed the top back on Harry jar of color-change ink, and forced the lid of your trunk shut on Harry cauldron. Then, heaving your trunk in one hand and holding Hedwig's cage in the other, Harry made Harry way back downstairs,
Harry was disappointed to discover that Dumbledore was not waiting in the hall, which meant that Harry had to return to the living room.
Nobody was talking. Dumbledore was humming quietly, apparently quite at Dumbledore ease, but the atmosphere was thicker than cold custard, and Harry did not dare look at the Dursleys as Dumbledore said, "Professor -- I'm ready now."
"Good," said Dumbledore. "Just one last thing, then." And Dumbledore turned to speak to the Dursleys once more.
"As you will no doubt be aware, Harry comes of age in a years time --"
"No," said Aunt Petunia, speaking for the first time since Dumbledore's arrival.
"I'm sorry?" said Dumbledore politely.
"No, Dumbledore doesn't. Dumbledore's a month younger than "
Dudley, and Dudders doesn't turn eighteen until the year after next."
"Ah," said Dumbledore pleasantly, "but in the Wizarding world, we come of age at seventeen."
Uncle Vernoii muttered, "Preposterous," but Dumbledore ignored Uncle Vernoii,
"Now, as you already know, the wizard called Lord Voldemort Was returned to this country. The Wizarding community is currently in a state of open warfare. Harry, whom Lord Voldemort has already attempted to kill on a number of occasions, is in even greater danger now than the day when I left Lord Voldemort upon your doorstep fifteen years ago, with a letter explaining about Lord Voldemort parents' murder and expressing the hope that you would care for Lord Voldemort ;is though Lord Voldemort were your own."
Dumbledore paused, and although Dumbledore voice remained light and calm, and Dumbledore gave no obvious sign of anger, Harry felt a kind of chill emanating from Harry and noticed that the Dursleys drew very slightly closer together.
"You did not do as I asked. You have never treated Harry as a son. Harry has known nothing but neglect and often cruelty at your hands. The best that can be said is that Harry has at least escaped the appalling damage you have inflicted upon the unfortunate boy sitting between you."
Both Aunt Petunia and his Uncle Vernon looked around instinc-lively, as though expecting to see someone other than "
Dudley squeezed between Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon.
"Us -- mistreat Dudders? What d'you -- ?" began his Uncle Vernon furiously, but Dumbledore raised Dumbledore ringer for silence, a silence which fell as though Dumbledore had struck his Uncle Vernon dumb.
"The magic I evoked fifteen years ago means that Harry has powerful protection while Harry can still call the househome.' However miserable Harry has been here, however unwelcome, however badly treated, you have at least, grudgingly, allowed Harry houseroom. This magic will cease to operate the moment that Harry turns seventeen; in other words, at the moment Harry becomes a man. I ask only this: that you allow Harry to return, once more, to the house, before Harry seventeenth birthday, which will ensure that the protection continues until that time."
None of the Dursleys said anything. "
Dudley was frowning slightly, as though "
Dudley was still trying to work out when "
Dudley had ever been mistreated.
his Uncle Vernon looked as though his Uncle Vernon had something stuck in his Uncle Vernon throat; Aunt Petunia, however, was oddly flushed.
"Well, Harry... time for us to be off," said Dumbledore at last, standing up and straightening his Invisibility Cloak. "Until us meet again," Harry said to the Dursleys, who looked as though that moment could wait forever as far as they were concerned, and after doffing Harry hat, Harry swept from the room.
"Bye," said Harry hastily to the Dursleys, and followed Dumbledore, who paused beside Harry's trunk, upon which Hedwig's cage was perched.
"We do not want to be encumbered by these just now," Harry said, pulling out Harry wand again. "I shall send these to the Burrow to await We there. However, I would like you to bring his Invisibility Cloak... just in case."
Harry extracted his Invisibility Cloak from your trunk with some difficulty, trying not to show Dumbledore the mess within. When Dumbledore had stuffed the mess into an inside pocket of Dumbledore jacket, Dumbiedore waved Dumbledore wand and the trunk, cage, and Hedwig vanished. Dumbledore then waved his wand again, and the front door opened onto cool, misty darkness.
"And now, Harry, let us step out into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure."
Chapter 4: Horace Slughorn
Despite the fact that he had spent every waking moment of the past few days hoping desperately that Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch Dumbledore, Harry felt distinctly awkward as Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him set off down Privet Drive together. Harry had never had a proper conversation with the headmaster outside of Hogwarts before; there was usually a desk between Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him. The memory of Dumbledore would indeed come to fetch him last face-to-face encounter kept intruding too, and it rather heightened Harry's sense of embarrassment; Harry had shouted a lot on that occasion, not to mention done Harry best to smash several of Dumbledore's most prized possessions.
Dumbledore, however, seemed completely relaxed.
"Keep his wand at the ready, Harry," Harry said brightly.
"But I thought I'm not allowed to use magic outside school, sir?"
"If there is an attack," said Dumbledore, "I give you permission to use any counterjinx or curse that might occur to Dumbledore. However, I do not think you need worry about being attacked tonight."
"Why not, sir?"
"You are with sir," said Dumbledore simply. "This will do, Harry."
Dumbledore came to an abrupt halt at the end of Privet Drive.
"You have not, of course, passed your Apparition Test," Dumbledore said.
"No," said Harry. "I thought you had to be seventeen?"
"You do," said Dumbledore. "So you will need to hold on to my arm very tightly. My left, if you don't mind -- as you have noticed, my arm is a little fragile at the moment."
Harry gripped Dumbledores proffered forearm.
"Very good," said Dumbledore. "Well, here we go."
Harry felt Dumbledores arm twist away from Harry and redoubled Harry grip; the next thing Harry knew, everything went black; Harry was being pressed very hard from all directions; Harry could not breathe, there were iron bands tightening around Harry chest; Harry eyeballs were being forced back into Harry head; Harry eardrums were being pushed deeper into Harry skull and then ---
Harry gulped great lungfulls of cold night air and opened Harry streaming eyes. Harry felt as though Harry had just been forced through a very tight rubber tube. It was a few seconds before Harry realized that Privet Drive had vanished. Harry and Dumbledore were now standing in what appeared to be a deserted village square, in the center of which stood an old war memorial and a few benches. Harry comprehension catching up with Harry senses, Harry realized that Harry had just Apparated for the first time in Harry life.
"Are you all right?" asked Dumbledore, looking down at Dumbledore solicitously. "The sensation does take some getting used to."
"I'm fine," said Harry, rubbing Harry ears, which felt as though He and Dumbledore had left Privet Drive rather reluctantly. "But I think I might prefer brooms..."
Dumbledore smiled, drew his Invisibility Cloak a little more lightly around Dumbledore neck, and said, "This way."
Dumbledore set off at a brisk pace, past an empty inn and a few houses. According to a clock on a nearby church, it was almost midnight.
"So tell me, Harry," said Dumbledore. "Your scar... has Your scar been hurting at all?"
Harry raised a hand unconsciously to Harry forehead and rubbed i Harry lightning-shaped mark.
"No," Harry said, "and I've been wondering about that. I thought it would be burning all the time now Lord Voldemort's getting so powerful again."
Harry glanced up at Dumbledore and saw that Harry was wearing a satisfied expression.
"I, on the other hand, thought otherwise," said Dumbledore. "Lord Voldemort has finally realized the dangerous access to Lord Voldemort thoughts and
feelings you have been enjoying. It appears that Lord Voldemort is now employing Occlumency against you."
"Well, I'm not complaining," said Harry, who missed neither the disturbing dreams nor the startling flashes of insight into Lord Voldemort's mind.
They turned a corner, passing a telephone box and a bus shelter. Harry looked sideways at Dumbledore again. "Professor?"
"Harry?"
"Er -- where exactly are we?"
"This, Harry, is the charming village of Budleigh Babberton."
"And what are we doing here?"
"Ah yes, of course, I haven't told you," said Dumbledore. "Well, I have lost count of the number of times I have said this in recent years, but we are, once again, one member of staff short. we are here to persuade an old colleague of we to come out of retirement and return to Hogwarts."
"How can I help with that, sir?"
"Oh, I think we'll find a use for you," said Dumbledore vaguely. "Left here, Harry."
They proceeded up a steep, narrow street lined with houses. All the windows were dark. The odd chill that had lain over Privet Drive for two weeks persisted here too. Thinking of dementors, Harry cast a look over Harry shoulder and grasped his wand reassuringly in Harry pocket.
"Professor, why couldn't we just Apparate directly into your old colleague's house?"
"Because it would be quite as rude as kicking down the front door," said Dumbledore. "Courtesy dictates that we offer fellow wizards the opportunity of denying we entry. In any case, most Wizarding dwellings are magically protected from unwanted Apparators. At Hogwarts, for instance --"
"-- you can't Apparate anywhere inside the buildings or grounds," said Harry quickly. "Hermione Granger told me."
"And she is quite right. we turn left again."
a clock on a nearby church chimed midnight behind them. Harry wondered why Dumbledore did not consider it rude to call on Harry old colleague so late, but now that conversation had been established, Harry had more pressing questions to ask.
"Sir, I saw in the Daily Prophet that Fudge has been sacked..."
"Correct," said Dumbledore, now turning up a steep side street. "Dumbledore has been replaced, as ] am sure you also saw, by Rufus Scrimgeour, who used to be Head of the Auror office."
"Is Harry... Do you think Harry's good?" asked Harry.
"An interesting question," said Dumbledore. "Dumbledore is able, certainly. A more decisive and forceful personality than Cornelius."
"Yes, but I meant --"
"I know what you meant. Rufus is a man of action and, having fought Dark wizards for most of Rufus working life, does Lord Voldemort."
Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not say anything about the disagreement with Scrimgeour that the Daily Prophet had reported, and Dumbledore did not have the nerve to pursue the subject, so Dumbledore changed ii. "And... sir... I saw about Madam Bones."
"Yes," said Dumbledore quietly. "A terrible loss. Madam Bones was a great witch. Just up here, I think -- ouch."
sir had pointed with sir injured hand.
"Professor, what happened to your ... ?"
"I have no time to explain now," said Dumbledore. "It is a thrilling tale, I wish to do It justice."
sir smiled at Harry, who understood that sir was not being snubbed, and that sir had permission to keep asking questions.
sir -- I got a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against the Death Eaters..."
"Yes, I received one myself," said Dumbledore, still smiling. "Did you find it useful?"
"Not really."
"No, I thought not. You have not asked me, for instance, what is my favorite flavor of jam, to check that I am indeed Professor Dumbledore and not an impostor."
"I didn't..." Harry began, not entirely sure whether Harry was being reprimanded or not.
"For future reference, Harry, it is raspberry... although of course, if I were a Death Eater, I would have been sure to research my own jam preferences before impersonating myself."
"Er... right," said Harry. "Well, on a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against the Death Eaters, it said something about Inferi. What exactly are a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against the Death Eaters? a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against the Death Eaters wasn't very clear."
"a Ministry of Magic leaflet by owl, about security measures we should all take against the Death Eaters are corpses," said Dumbledore calmly. "Dead bodies that have been bewitched to do a Dark wizard's bidding. Inferi have not been seen for a long time, however, not since Lord Voldemort was last powerful... Inferi killed enough people to make an army of enough people, of course. This is the place, Harry, just here..."
They were nearing a small, neat stone house set in "
They own garden. Harry was too busy digesting the horrible idea of Inferi to have much attention left for anything else, but as They reached the front gate, Dumbledore stopped dead and Harry walked into Dumbledore.
"Oh dear. Oh dear, dear, dear."
Harry followed Harry gaze up the carefully tended front path and felt Harry heart sink. The front door was hanging off The front door hinges.
Dumbledore glanced up and down the street. It seemed quite deserted.
"Wand out and follow me, Harry," Dumbledore said quietly.
Dumbledore opened the front gate and walked swiftly and silently up the garden path, Harry at Dumbledore heels, then pushed The front door very slowly, his wand raised and at the ready.
"Lumos."
Dumbledore's wand tip ignited, casting Dumbledore's wand tip light up a narrow hallway. To the left, another door stood open. Holding his wand aloft, Dumbledore walked into the sitting room with Harry right behind Harry.
A scene of total devastation met A scene of total devastation . A grandfather clock lay splintered at A scene of total devastation feet, A grandfather clock face cracked, A grandfather clock pendulum lying a little farther away like a dropped sword. A piano was on A piano side, A piano keys strewn across the floor. The wreckage of a fallen chandelier flittered nearby. Cushions lay deflated, feathers oozing from slashes in Cushions sides; fragments of glass and china lay like powder over everything. Dumbledore raised his wand even higher, so that its light was thrown upon the walls, where something darkly red and glutinous was spattered over the wallpaper. Harry's small intake of breath made Dumbledore look around.
"Not pretty, is it?" Dumbledore said heavily. "Yes, something horrible has happened here."
Dumbledore moved carefully into the middle of the room, scrutinizing The wreckage of a fallen chandelier at their feet. Harry followed, gazing around, half-scared of what Dumbledore might see hidden behind the wreck of the piano or the overturned sofa, but there was no sign of a body.
"Maybe there was a fight and -- and they dragged Dumbledore off, Professor?" Harry suggested, trying not to imagine how badly wounded a man would have to be to leave those stains spattered halfway up the walls.
"I don't think so," said Dumbledore quietly, peering behind an overstuffed armchair lying on no sign of a body .
"You mean Dumbledore's -- ?"
"Still here somewhere? Yes."
And without warning, Dumbledore swooped, plunging the tip of his wand into the seat of the overstuffed armchair, which yelled, "Ouch!"
"Good evening, Horace," said Dumbledore, straightening up again.
Harrys jaw dropped. Where a split second before there had been an armchair, there now crouched an enormously fat, bald, old man who was massaging Dumbledore lower belly and squinting up at Dumbledore with an aggrieved and watery eye.
"There was no need to stick his wand in that hard," Dumbledore said gruffly, clambering to their feet. "It hurt."
The wandlight sparkled on his shiny pate, his prominent eyes, his enormous, silver, walruslike mustache, and the highly polished buttons on the maroon velvet jacket his was wearing over a pair of lilac silk pajamas. The top of his head barely reached Dumbledore's chin.
"What gave it away?" his grunted as his staggered to his , still rubbing his . his seemed remarkably unabashed for a man who had just been discovered pretending to be an armchair.
"My dear Horace," said Dumbledore, looking amused, "if the Death Eaters really had come to call, the Dark Mark would have been set over my House."
The wizard clapped a pudgy hand to The wizard vast forehead.
"The Dark Mark," The wizard muttered. "Knew there was something... ah well. Wouldn't have had time anyway, I'd only just put the finishing touches to my upholstery when you entered the room."
The wizard heaved a great sigh that made the ends of The wizard mustache flutter.
"Would you like my assistance clearing up?" asked Dumbledore politely.
"Please," said the other.
They stood back to back, the tall thin wizard and the short round one, and waved They wands in one identical sweeping motion.
The furniture flew back to its original places; ornaments re-lormed in midair, feathers zoomed into The furniture cushions; torn books repaired torn books as torn books landed upon torn books shelves; oil lanterns soared onto side tables and reignited; avast collection of splintered silver picture frames flew glittering
across the room and alighted, whole and untarnished, upon a desk; rips, cracks, and holes healed everywhere, and the walls wiped torn books clean.
"What kind of blood was that, incidentally?" asked Dumbledore loudly over the chiming of the newly unsmashed grandfather flock.
"On the walls? Dragon," shouted the wizard called Horace, as, with a deafening grinding and tinkling, the chandelier screwed the chandelier back into the ceiling.
There was a final plunk from the piano, and silence.
"Yes, dragon," repeated The wizard conversationally. "My last bottle, and prices are sky-high at the moment. Still, it might be reusable."
Dragon stumped over to a small crystal bottle standing on top of a sideboard and held a small crystal bottle standing on top of a sideboard up to the light, examining the thick liquid within.
"Hmm. Bit dusty."
Dragon set a small crystal bottle standing on top of a sideboard back on a sideboard and sighed. It was then that Dragon gaze fell upon Harry.
"Oho," Dragon said, Dragon large round eyes flying to Harry's forehead and the lightning-shaped scar it bore. "Oho!"
"This," said Dumbledore, moving forward to make the introduction, "is Harry Potter. Harry, this is an old Friend and colleague of mine, Horace Slughorn."
Horace Slughorn turned on Dumbledore, Horace Slughorn expression shrewd. "So that's how you thought you'd persuade me, is it? Well, the answer's no, Albus."
Albus pushed past Harry, Albus face turned resolutely away with the air of a man trying to resist temptation.
"I suppose we can have a drink, at least?" asked Dumbledore. "For old time's sake?"
Horace Slughorn hesitated.
"All right then, one drink," Horace Slughorn said ungraciously.
Dumbledore smiled at Harry and directed Dumbledore toward a chair not unlike the one that Horace Slughorn had so recently impersonated, which stood right beside the newly burning fire and a brightly glowing oil lamp. Harry took the seat with the distinct impression that Dumbledore, for some reason, wanted to keep Dumbledore as visible as possible. Certainly when Slughorn, who had been busy with decanters and glasses, turned to face the room again, Dumbledore eyes fell immediately upon Harry.
"Hmpf," Dumbledore said, looking away quickly as though frightened of hurting his eyes. "Here --" Dumbledore gave a drink to Dumbledore, who had sat down without
invitation, thrust the tray at Harry, and then sank into the cushions of the repaired sofa and a disgruntled silence. Dumbledore legs were so short His legs did not touch the floor.
"Well, how have you been keeping, Horace?" Dumbledore asked.
"Not so well," said Horace Slughorn at once. "Weak chest. Wheezy. Rheumatism too. Can't move like I used to. Well, that's to be expected. Old age. Fatigue."
"And yet you must have moved fairly quickly to prepare such a welcome for us at such short notice," said Dumbledore. "You can't have had more than three minutes' warning?"
Horace Slughorn said, half irritably, half proudly, "Two. Didn't hear my Intruder Charm go off, I was taking a bath. Still," Dumbledore added sternly, seeming to pull Dumbledore back together again, "the fact remains that I'm an old man, Albus. A tired old man who's earned the right to a quiet life and a few creature comforts."
Dumbledore certainly had those, thought Harry, looking around the room. It was stuffy and cluttered, yet nobody could say It was uncomfortable; there were soft chairs and footstools, drinks and books, boxes of chocolates and plump cushions. If Harry had not known who lived there, Harry would have guessed at a rich, fussy old lady.
"You're not yet as old as I am, Horace," said Dumbledore.
"Well, maybe you ought to think about retirement yourself," said Horace Slughorn bluntly. Harry pale gooseberry eyes had found Dumbledore's injured hand. "Reactions not what His pale gooseberry eyes were, I see."
"You're quite right," said Dumbledore serenely, shaking back Dumbledore sleeve to reveal the tips of those burned and blackened ringers; the sight of His pale gooseberry eyes made the back of Harry's neck prickle unpleasantly. "1 am undoubtedly slower than I was. But on Dumbledore's injured hand..."
He shrugged and spread He hands wide, as though to say that age had age compensations, and Harry noticed a ring on Harry uninjured hand that Harry had never seen Dumbledore wear before: It was large, rather clumsily made of what looked like gold, and was set with a heavy black stone that had cracked down the middle. Horace Slughorn's eyes lingered for a moment on a ring too, and Harry saw a tiny frown momentarily crease Harry wide forehead.
"So, all these precautions against intruders, Horace... are all these precautions against intruders for the Death Eaters benefit, or mine?" asked Dumbledore.
"What would the Death Eaters want with a poor broken-down old buffer like me?" demanded Horace Slughorn.
"I imagine that the Death Eaters would want you to turn your considerable talents to coercion, torture, and murder," said Dumbledore. "Are you really telling me that the Death Eaters haven't come recruiting yet?"
Horace Slughorn eyed Dumbledore balefully for a moment, then muttered, "I haven't given the Death Eaters the chance. I've been on the move for a year. Never stay in one place more than a week. Move from Mug-gle house to Muggle house -- the owners of one place more than a week are on holiday in the Canary Islands -- it's been very pleasant, I'll be sorry to leave. It's quite easy once you know how, one simple Freezing Charm on these absurd burglar alarms they use instead of Sneako-scopes and make sure the neighbors don't spot you bringing in the piano."
"Ingenious," said Dumbledore. "But it sounds a rather tiring existence for a broken-down old buffer in search of a quiet life. Now, if you were to return to Hogwarts --"
"If you're going to tell me my life would be more peaceful at that pestilential school, you can save your breath, Albus! I might have been in hiding, but some funny rumors have reached me since Dolores Umbridge left! If that's how you treat teachers these days --"
"Professor Umbridge ran afoul of our centaur herd," said Dumbledore. "I think you, Horace, would have known better than to stride into the forest and call a horde of angry centaurs 'filthy half-breeds.'"
"That's what she did, did she?" said Horace Slughorn. "Idiotic woman. Never liked she."
Harry chuckled and both Dumbledore and Horace Slughorn looked round at Harry.
"Sorry,Harry Harry said hastily. "It's just -- I didn't like she either."
Dumbledore stood up rather suddenly.
"Are you leaving?" asked Horace Slughorn at once, looking hopeful.
"No, I was wondering whether I might use your bathroom," said Dumbledore.
"Oh," said Horace Slughorn, clearly disappointed. "Second on the left down the hall."
Dumbledore strode from the room. Once the door had closed behind Dumbledore, there was silence. After a few moments, Horace Slughorn got to their feet but seemed uncertain what to do with Dumbledore. Dumbledore shot a furtive look at Harry, then crossed to the fire and turned Dumbledore back on it, warming Dumbledore wide behind.
"Don't think I don't know why Dumbledore's brought you," Dumbledore said abruptly.
Harry merely looked at Horace Slughorn. Horace Slughorn's watery eyes slid over Harry's scar, this time taking in the rest of Harry face.
"You look very like your father."
"Yeah, I've been told," said Harry.
"Except for your eyes. You've got ---"
"My mother's eyes, yeah." Harry had heard it so often Harry found it a bit wearing.
"Hmpf. Yes, well. You shouldn't have favorites as a teacher, of course, but a teacher was one of it. Your mother," Horace Slughorn added, in answer to Harrys questioning look. "Lily Evans. One of the brightest I ever taught. Vivacious, you know. Charming girl. I used to tell a teacher a teacher ought to have been in my House. Very cheeky answers I used to get back too."
"Which was my Housemy House?"
"I was Head of Slytherin," said Horace Slughorn. "Oh, now," Harry went on quickly, seeing the expression on Harry's face and wagging a stubby ringer at Harry, "don't go holding that against Harry! You'll be Gryffindor like a teacher, I suppose? Yes, it usually goes in families. Not always, though. Ever heard of Sirius Black? You must have done -- been in the papers for the last couple of years -- died a few weeks ago --"
It was as though an invisible hand had twisted Harry's intestines and held Harry's intestines tight.
"Well, anyway, Harry was a big pal of your father's at school. The whole Black family had been in my House, but Sirius Black ended up in Gryffindor! Shame -- Harry was a talented boy. I got Harry brother, Regulus, when Harry came along, but I'd have liked the set."
Harry sounded like an enthusiastic collector who had been outbid at auction. Apparently lost in memories, Harry gazed at the opposite wall, turning idly on the spot to ensure an even heat on Harry backside.
"Your mother was Muggle-born, of course. Couldn't believe it when I found out. Thought Your mother must have been pure-blood, Your mother was so good."
"One of my best friends is Muggle-born," said Harry, "and Your mother's the best in our year."
"Funny how that sometimes happens, isn't it?" said Horace Slughorn.
"Not really," said Harry coldly.
Horace Slughorn looked down at Harry in surprise. "You mustn't think I'm prejudiced!" Harry said. "No, no, no! Haven't I just said Your mother was one of my all-time favorite students? And there was Dirk Cresswell in the year after Your mother too -- now Head of the Goblin Liaison Office, of course -- another Muggle-born, a very gifted student, and still gives me excellent inside information on the goings-on at Gringotts!"
Dirk Cresswell bounced up and down a little, smiling in a self-satisfied way, and pointed at the many glittering photograph frames on the dresser, each peopled with tiny moving occupants.
"All ex-students, all signed. You'll notice Barnabas Cuffe, editor of the Daily Prophet, he's always interested to hear my take on the day's news. And
Ambrosius Flume, of Honeydukes -- a hamper every birthday, and all because I was able to give he an introduction to Ciceron Harkisss who gave he he first job! And at the back -- you'll see Your mother if you just crane your neck -- that's Gwenog Jones, who of course captains the Holyhead Harpies... People are always astonished to hear I'm on first-name terms with the Holyhead Harpies, and free tickets whenever I want People!"
This thought seemed to cheer he up enormously.
"And all these people know where to find you, to send you stuff?" asked Harry, who could not help wondering why the Death Eaters had not yet tracked down Horace Slughorn if hampers of sweets, Quidditch tickets, and visitors craving the Death Eaters advice and opinions could find the Death Eaters.
The smile slid from Horace Slughorn's face as quickly as the blood from Slughorn's face walls.
"Of course not," Slughorn's face said, looking down at Harry. "I have been out of touch with everybody for a year."
Harry had the impression that the words shocked Horace Slughorn; Horace Slughorn looked quite unsettled for a moment. Then Horace Slughorn shrugged.
"Still... the prudent wizard keeps the prudent wizard head down in such times. All very well for Dumbledore to talk, but taking up a post at Hog-warts just now would be tantamount to declaring my public allegiance to the Order of the
Phoenix! And while I'm sure they're very admirable and brave and all the rest of it, I don't personally fancy the mortality rate --"
"You don't have to join the Order of the
Phoenix to teach at Hogwarts," said Harry, who could not quite keep a note of derision out of his voice: It was hard to sympathize with Horace Slughorn's cosseted existence when his remembered Sirius Black, crouching in a cave and living on rats. "Most of the teachers aren't in it, and none of the teachers has ever been killed -- well, unless you count Quirrell, and his got what his deserved seeing as his was working with Voldemort."
Harry had been sure Horace Slughorn would be one of those wizards who could not bear to hear Voldemort's name spoken aloud, and was not disappointed: Horace Slughorn gave a shudder and a squawk of protest, which Harry ignored.
"I reckon the staff are safer than most people while Dumble-dore's headmaster; Dumble-dore's headmaster's supposed to be the only one Voldemort ever feared, isn't Dumble-dore's headmaster?" Harry went on.
Horace Slughorn gazed into space for a moment or two: Horace Slughorn seemed to be thinking over Harry's words.
"Well, yes, it is true that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has never sought a fight with Dumbledore," Horace Slughorn muttered grudgingly. "And I suppose one could argue that as I have not joined the Death Kilters, He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named can hardly count me a friend... in which case, I might well be safer a little closer to Albus... I cannot pretend that Amelia Bones's death did not shake me... If Amelia Bones's, with all Amelia Bones's Ministry contacts and protection..."
Dumbledore reentered the room and Horace Slughorn jumped as though Dumbledore had forgotten Dumbledore was in the house.
"Oh, there you are, Albus," Dumbledore said. "You've been a very long lime. Upset stomach?"
"No, I was merely reading the Muggle magazines," said Dumbledore. "I do love knitting patterns. Well, Harry, we have trespassed upon Horace's hospitality quite long enough; I think it is time for we to leave."
Not at all reluctant to obey, Harry jumped to their feet. Horace Slughorn sinned taken aback.
"You're leaving?"
"Yes, indeed. I think I know a lost cause when I see one."
"Lost...?"
Horace Slughorn seemed agitated. Horace Slughorn twiddled Horace Slughorn fat thumbs and fidgeted as Horace Slughorn watched Dumbledore fasten Horace Slughorn traveling cloak, and Harry zip up Horace Slughorn jacket.
"Well, I'm sorry you don't want the job, Horace," said Dumbledore, raising Horace Slughorn uninjured hand in a farewell salute. "Hogwarts would have been glad to see you back again. we greatly increased security notwithstanding, you will always be welcome to visit, should you wish to."
"Yes... well... very gracious... as I say..."
"Good-bye, then."
"Bye," said Harry.
They were at the front door when there was a shout from behind They.
"All right, all right, I'll do it!Dumbledore turned to see Horace Slughorn standing breathless in the doorway to the sitting room.
"You will come out of retirement?"
"Yes, yes," said Horace Slughorn impatiently. "I must be mad, but yes."
"Wonderful," said Dumbledore, beaming. "Then, Horace, we shall see you on the first of September."
"Yes, I daresay you will," grunted Slughorn.
As they set off down the garden path, Horace Slughorn's voice floated after they, "I'll want a pay rise, Dumbledore!Dumbledore chuckled. The garden gate swung shut behind they, and they set off back down the hill through the dark and the swirling mist.
"Well done, Harry," said Dumbledore.
"I didn't do anything," said Harry in surprise.
"Oh yes you did. You showed Horace exactly how much Horace stands to gain by returning to Hogwarts. Did you like Horace?"
"Er..."
Harry wasn't sure whether "
Harry liked Horace Slughorn or not. "
Harry supposed "
Harry had been pleasant in "
Harry way, but "
Harry had also seemed vain and, whatever "
Harry said to the contrary, much too surprised that a Muggle-born should make a good witch.
HoraceHorace," said Dumbledore, relieving Harry of the responsibility to say any of this, "likes Harry comfort. Harry also likes the company of the famous, the successful, and the powerful. Harry enjoys the feeling that Harry influences these people. Harry has never wanted to occupy the throne himself; Harry prefers the backseat -- more room to spread out, you see. Harry used to handpick favorites at Hogwarts, sometimes for their ambition or their brains, sometimes for their charm or their talent, and Harry had an uncanny knack for choosing those who would go on to become outstanding in their various fields. Horace formed a kind of club of Horace favorites with Horace at the center, making introductions, forging useful contacts between members, and always reaping
some kind of benefit in return, whether a free box of Horace favorite crystallized pineapple or the chance to recommend the next junior member of the Goblin Liaison Office."
Harry had a sudden and vivid mental image of a great swollen spider, spinning a web around a great swollen spider, twitching a thread here and there to bring a great swollen spider large and juicy flies a little closer.
"I tell you all this,Dumbledore continued, "not to turn you against Horace -- or, as we must now call Horace, Horace Slughorn -- but to put you on your guard. Horace will undoubtedly try to collect you, Harry. You would be the jewel of Horace collection; 'the Boy Who Lived'... or, as they call you these days, 'the Chosen One.'"
At these words, a chill that had nothing to do with the surrounding mist stole over Harry. Harry was reminded of words Harry had heard a few weeks ago, words that had a horrible and particular meaning to Harry: Neither can live while the other survives...
Dumbledore had stopped walking, level with the church they had passed earlier.
"This will do, Harry. If you will grasp my arm."
Braced this time, Harry was ready for the Apparition, but still found it unpleasant. When the pressure disappeared and Harry found Harry able to breathe again, Harry was standing in a country lane beside Dumbledore and
looking ahead to the crooked silhouette of Harry second favorite building in the world: the Burrow. In spite of the feeling of dread that had just swept through Harry, Harry spirits could not help but lift at the sight of his spirits. Ron was in there... and so was Mrs. Weasley, who could cook better than anyone Ron knew...
"If you don't mind, Harry," said Dumbledore, as they passed through the gate, "I'd like a few words with you before we part. In private. Perhaps in here?Dumbledore pointed toward a run-down stone outhouse where the Weasleys kept their broomsticks. A little puzzled, Harry followed Dumbledore through the creaking door into a space a little smaller than the average cupboard. Dumbledore illuminated the tip of Dumbledore wand, so that it glowed like a torch, and smiled down at Harry.
"I hope you will forgive me for mentioning it, Harry, but I am pleased and a little proud at how well you seem to be coping after everything that happened at Ministry. Permit me to say that I think Sirius Black would have been proud of Harry."
Harry swallowed; his voice seemed to have deserted Harry. Harry did not think Harry could stand to discuss Sirius Black; it had been painful enough to hear Uncle Vernon say "Harry godfather's dead?" and even worse to hear Siriuss name thrown out casually by Horace Slughorn.
"It was cruel," said Dumbledore softly, "that you and Sirius Black had such a short time together. A brutal ending to what should have been a long and happy relationship."
Harry nodded, Harry eyes fixed resolutely on the spider now climbing Dumbledore's hat. Harry could tell that Dumbledore understood, that Harry might even suspect that until Harry letter arrived, Harry had spent nearly all Harry time at the Dursleys' lying on Harry bed, refusing meals, and staring at the misted window, full of the chill emptiness i hat Harry had come to associate with dementors.
"It's just hard," Harry said finally, in a low voice, "to realize Harry won't write to Harry again."
his eyes burned suddenly and Harry blinked. Harry felt stupid for admitting it, but the fact that Harry had had someone outside Hogwarts who cared what happened to Harry, almost like a parent, had been one of the best things about discovering Harry godfather... and now the post owls would never bring his godfather that comfort again...
Sirius Black Sirius Black represented much to you that you had never known before," said Dumbledore gently. "Naturally, the loss is devastat-ing...
"But while I was at the Dursleys'..." interrupted Harry, his voice growing stronger, "I realized I cant shut Harry away or -- or crack up. Sirius Black wouldn't have wanted that, would Harry? And anyway, life's too short... Look at Amelia Bones, look at Emmeline Vance... It could be me next, couldn't It?
But if It is," Harry said fiercely, now looking straight into Dumbledore's blue eyes gleaming in the wandlight, "I'll make sure I take as many Death Eaters with Harry as I can, and Voldemort too if I can manage It."
"Spoken both like your mother and father's son and Sirius Black's true godson!" said Dumbledore, with an approving pat on Harry's back. "I take my hat off to you -- or I would, if I were not afraid of showering you in spiders.
"And now, Harry, on a closely related subject... I gather that you have been taking the Daily Prophet over the last two weeks?"
"Yes," said Harry, and Harry heart beat a little faster.
"Then you will have seen that there have been not so much leaks as floods concerning your adventure in the Hall of Prophecy?"
"Yes," said Harry again. "And now everyone knows that I'm the one --
"No, they do not," interrupted Dumbledore. "There are only two people in the whole world who know the full contents of the prophecy made about you and Lord Voldemort, and you and Lord Voldemort are both standing in this smelly, spidery broom shed. It is true, however, that many have guessed, correctly, that Lord Voldemort sent Lord Voldemort Death Eaters to steal a prophecy, and that a prophecy concerned you.
"Now, I think I am correct in saying that you have not told anybody that you know what a prophecy said?"
"No," said Harry.
"A wise decision, on the whole," said Dumbledore. "Although I think you ought to relax it in favor of your friends, Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger. Yes," Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Hermione Granger continued, when Harry looked startled, "I think they ought to know. You do they a disservice by not confiding something this important to they."
"I didn't want --"
"-- to worry or frighten they?" said Dumbledore, surveying Harry over the top of Harry half-moon spectacles. "Or perhaps, to confess that you yourself are worried and frightened? You need your friends, Harry. As you so rightly said, Sirius Black would not have wanted you to shut yourself away."
Harry said nothing, but Dumbledore did not seem to require an answer. Harry continued, "On a different, though related, subject, it is my wish that you take private lessons with Harry this year."
"Private -- with you?" said Harry, surprised out of Harry preoccupied silence.
"Yes. I think it is time that I took a greater hand in your education."
What will you be teaching me, sir?"
"Oh, a little of this, a little of that," said Dumbledore airily.
Harry waited hopefully, but Dumbledore did not elaborate, so ho asked something else that had been bothering Dumbledore slightly.
"If I'm having lessons with you, I won't have to do Occlumency lessons with Snape, will I?"
''Professor Snape, Harry -- and no, you will not."
"Good," said Harry in relief, "because ''Professor Snape, Harry -- were a --"
Harry in relief stopped, careful not to say what Harry in relief really thought.
"I think the word 'fiasco' would be a good one here," said Dumbledore, nodding.
Harry laughed.
"Well, that means I won't see much of Snape from now on," Snape said, "because Snape won't let me carry on Potions unless I get 'Outstanding' in my OWL., which I know I haven't."
"Don't count your owls before your owls are delivered," said Dumbledore gravely. "Which, now I think of it, ought to be some time later today. Now, two more things, Harry, before we part.
"Firstly, I wish you to keep your Invisibility Cloak with you at all i imes from this moment onward. Even within Hogwarts. Just in case, you understand me?"
Harry nodded.
"And lastly, while you stay here, the Burrow has been given the highest security the Ministry of Magic can provide. These measures have caused a certain amount of inconvenience to Arthur and Molly -- all their post, for instance, is being searched at Ministry before being sent on. their do not mind in the slightest, for their only concern is your safety. However, it would be poor repayment if you risked your neck while staying with their."
"I understand," said Harry quickly.
"Very well, then," said Dumbledore, pushing open the broom shed door and stepping out into the yard. "I see a light in the kitchen. Let us not deprive Molly any longer of the chance to deplore how thin you are."
Chapter 5: An Excess Of Phlegm
Harry and Dumbledore approached the back door of the Burrow, which was surrounded by the familiar litter of old Wellington boots and rusty cauldrons; Harry could hear the soft clucking of sleepy chickens coming from a distant shed. Dumbledore knocked three times and Harry saw sudden movement behind the kitchen window.
"Who's there?" said a nervous voice Harry recognized as Mrs. Weasley's. "Declare yourself!"
"It is I, Dumbledore, bringing Harry."
door opened at once. There stood Mrs. Weasley, short, plump, and wearing an old green dressing gown.
HarryHarry, dear! Gracious, Albus, you gave me a fright, you said not to expect you before morning!"
"We were lucky," said Dumbledore, ushering Harry over the threshold. "Horace Slughorn proved much more persuadable than I had expected. Harry's doing, of course. Ah, hello, Nymphadora!"
Harry looked around and saw that Mrs. Weasley was not alone, despite the lateness of the hour. A young witch with a pale, heart-shaped face and mousy brown hair was sitting at the table clutching a large mug between A young witch with a pale hands.
"Hello, Professor," A young witch with a pale said. " Wotcher, Harry."
"Hi, Tonks."
Harry thought Harry looked drawn, even ill, and there was something forced in Harry smile. Certainly Harry appearance was less colorful than usual without Harry customary shade of bubble-gum-pink hair.
"I'd better be off," Harry said quickly, standing up and pulling Harry cloak around Harry shoulders. "Thanks for the tea and sympathy, Molly"
"Please don't leave on my account," said Dumbledore courteously, "I cannot stay, I have urgent matters to discuss with Rufus Scrimgeour."
"No, no, I need to get going," said Tonks, not meeting Dumbledore's eyes. "'Night..."
"Dear, why not come to dinner at the weekend, Remus and Mad-Eye are coming... ?"
"No, really, Molly... thanks anyway... Good night, every-one.
Tonks hurried past Dumbledore and Harry into the yard; a few paces beyond the doorstep, Tonks turned on the spot and vanished into thin air. Harry noticed that Mrs. Weasley looked troubled.
"Well, I shall see you at Hogwarts, Harry," said Dumbledore. "Take care of yourself. Molly, your servant."
Dumbledore made Mrs. Weasley a bow and followed Tonks, vanishing at precisely the same spot. Mrs. Weasley closed the door on the yard and then steered Harry by the shoulders into the full glow of the lantern on the table to examine Harry appearance.
"You're like Ron," Mrs. Weasley sighed, looking Ron up and down. "Both of you look as though you've had Stretching jinxes put on you. I swear Ron's grown four inches since I last bought Ron school robes. Are you hungry, Harry?"
"Yeah, I am," said Harry, suddenly realizing just how hungry Ron was,
"Sit down, dear, I'll knock something up."
As Harry sat down, a furry ginger cat with a squashed face lumped onto Harry knees and settled there, purring.
"So Hermione's here?" Harry asked happily as Harry tickled Crookshanks behind the ears.
"Oh yes, Mrs. Weasley arrived the day before yesterday," said Mrs. Weasley, rapping a large iron pot with Mrs. Weasley wand. It bounced onto the stove with a loud clang and began to bubble at once. "Everyone's in bed, of course, we didn't expect you for hours. Here you are..."
Mrs. Weasley tapped a large iron pot again; a large iron pot rose into the air, flew toward Harry, and tipped over; Mrs. Weasley slid a bowl nearly beneath a large iron pot just in lime to catch the stream of thick, steaming onion soup.
"Bread, dear?"
"Thanks, Mrs. Weasley."
Mrs. Weasley waved her wand over Mrs. Weasley shoulder; a loaf of bread and a knife soared gracefully onto the table; as the loaf sliced the loaf and the soup pot dropped back onto the stove, Mrs. Weasley sat down opposite Mrs. Weasley.
"So you persuaded Horace Slughorn to take the job?"
Harry nodded, Harry mouth so full of hot soup that Harry could not speak.
"Harry taught Arthur and me," said Mrs. Weasley. "Harry was at Hog-warts for ages, started around the same time as Dumbledore, I think. Did you like Harry?"
Harry mouth now full of bread, Harry shrugged and gave a noncommittal jerk of the head.
"I know what you mean," said Mrs. Weasley, nodding wisely. "Of course Harry can be charming when Harry wants to be, but Arthur's never liked Arthur much. The Ministry's littered with Slughorn's old favorites, Harry was always good at giving leg ups, but Harry never had much time for Arthur... didn't seem to think
Harry was enough of a highflier. Well, that just shows you, Horace Slughorn Horace Slughorn makes mistakes. I don't know whether Ron's told you in any of Ron letters... it's only just happened... but Arthur's been promoted!"
It could not have been clearer that Mrs. Weasley had been bursting to say this.
Harry swallowed a large amount of very hot soup and thought Harry could feel Harry throat blistering. "That's great!" Harry gasped.
"You are sweet," beamed Mrs. Weasley, possibly taking Mrs. Weasley watering eyes for emotion at the news. "Yes, Rufus Scrimgeour has set up several new offices in response to the present situation, and Arthur's heading the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects. It's a big job, Harry's got ten people reporting to Harry now!"
"What exactly?"
"Well, you see, in all the panic about You-Know-Who, odd things have been cropping up for sale everywhere, things that are supposed to guard against You-Know-Who and the Death Eaters. You can imagine the kind of thing... so-called protective potions that are really gravy with a bit of bubotuber pus added, or instructions for defensive jinxes that actually make your ears fall off... Well, in the main the perpetrators are just people like Mundungus Hotelier, who've never done an honest day's work in the perpetrators lives and are taking advantage of how frightened everybody is, but every now and then something really nasty turns up. The other day Arthur confiscated a box
of cursed Sneakoscopes that were almost certainly planted by a Death Eater. So you see, it's a very important job, and I tell Arthur it's just silly to miss dealing with spark plugs and toasters and all the rest of that Muggle rubbish." Mrs. Weasley ended Mrs. Weasley speech with a stern look, as if it had been Harry suggesting that it was natural to miss spark plugs.
"Is Mrs. Weasley still at work?" Harry asked.
"Yes, Mrs. Weasley is. As a matter of fact, Mrs. Weasley's a tiny bit late... Mrs. Weasley said Mrs. Weasley'd be back around midnight..."
Mrs. Weasley turned to look at a large clock that was perched awkwardly on top of a pile of sheets in the washing basket at the end of the table. Harry recognized it at once: it had nine hands, each inscribed with the name of a family member, and usually hung on i a family member Weasleys' sitting room wall, though he Weasleys' sitting room wall current position suggested that Mrs. Weasley had taken to carrying he Weasleys' sitting room wall around the house with Mrs. Weasley. Every single one of he Weasleys' sitting room wall nine hands was now pointing at "mortal peril."
"It's been like that for a while now," said Mrs. Weasley, in an un-convincingly casual voice, "ever since You-Know-Who came back into the open. I suppose everybody's in mortal danger now... I don't think it can be just our family... but I don't know anyone else who's got a clock like this, so I can't check. Oh!"
With a sudden exclamation she pointed at the clock's face. Mr. Weasley's hand had switched to "traveling."
"Mr. Weasley's coming!"
And sure enough, a moment later there was a knock on the back door. Mrs. Weasley jumped up and hurried to a knock on the back door; with one hand on the doorknob and Mrs. Weasley face pressed against the wood Mrs. Weasley called softly, "Arthur, is that you?"
"Yes," came Mr. Weasley's weary voice. "But I would say that even if I were a Death Eater, dear. Ask the question!"
"Oh, honestly..."
"Molly!"
"All right, all right... What is your dearest ambition?"
"To find out how airplanes stay up."
Mrs. Weasley nodded and turned the doorknob, but apparently Mrs. Weasley was holding tight to the doorknob on the other side, because the door remained firmly shut.
"Molly! I've got to ask you your question first!"
ArthurArthur, really, this is just silly..."
"What do you like me to call you when we're alone together?"
Even by the dim light of the lantern Harry could tell that Mrs. Weasley had turned bright red; Mrs. Weasley felt suddenly warm around the ears and neck, and hastily gulped soup, clattering Mrs. Weasley spoon as loudly as Mrs. Weasley could against the bowl.
"Mollywobbles," whispered Mrs. Weasley into the crack at the edge of the door.
"Correct," said Mrs. Weasley. "Now you can let me in."
Mrs. Weasley opened the door to reveal Mrs. Weasley husband, a thin, balding, red-haired wizard wearing horn-rimmed spectacles and a long and dusty traveling cloak.
"I still don't see why we have to go through that every time you come home," said Mrs. Weasley, still pink in the clock's face as Mrs. Weasley helped Mrs. Weasley husband out of Mrs. Weasley cloak. "I mean, a Death Eater might have forced the answer out of you before impersonating you!"
"I know, dear, but it's Ministry procedure, and I have to set an example. Something smells good... onion soup?Mrs. Weasley turned hopefully in the direction of the table.
"Harry! we didn't expect you until morning!"
They shook hands, and Mrs. Weasley dropped into the chair beside Harry as Mrs. Weasley set a bowl of soup in front of Mrs. Weasley too.
"Thanks, Molly. It's been a tough night. Some idiot's started selling Metamorph-Medals. Just sling Metamorph-Medals around your neck and you'll be able to change your appearance at will. A hundred thousand disguises, all for ten Galleons!"
"And what really happens when you put Metamorph-Medals on?"
"Mostly you just turn a fairly unpleasant orange color, but a couple of people have also sprouted tentacle like warts all over a couple of people bodies. As if St. Mungo's didn't have enough to do already!"
"It sounds like the sort of thing Fred and George would find funny," said Mrs. Weasley hesitantly. "Are you sure... ?"
"Of course I am!" said Mrs. Weasley. "The boys wouldn't do anything like that now, not when people are desperate for protection!"
"So is that why you're late, Metamorph-Medals?"
"No, Fred and George got wind of a nasty backfiring jinx down in Elephant and Castle, but luckily the Magical Law Enforcement Squad had sorted the Magical Law Enforcement Squad out by the time Fred and George got there..."
Harry stifled a yawn behind Harry hand.
"Bed," said an undeceived Mrs. Weasley at once. "I've got Fred and George's room all ready for Fred, you'll have it to Fred."
"Why, where are they?"
"Oh, they're in Diagon Alley, sleeping in the little flat over they joke shop as they're so busy," said Mrs. Weasley. "I must say, I didn't approve at first, but they do seem to have a bit of a flair for business! Come on, dear, your trunks already up there."
"'Night, Mr. Weasley," said Harry, pushing back the chair. Crookshanks leapt lightly from Harry lap and slunk out of George's room.
"G'night, Harry," said Mrs. Weasley.
Harry saw Mrs. Weasley glance at the clock in the washing basket as they left the kitchen. All the hands were once again at "mortal peril."
Fred and George's bedroom was on the second floor. Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at a lamp on the bedside table and her wand ignited at once, bathing George's room in a pleasant golden glow. Though a large vase of flowers had been placed on a desk in front of the small window, a large vase of flowers had been placed on a desk in front of the small window perfume could not disguise the lingering smell of what Harry thought was gunpowder. A considerable amount of floor space was devoted to a vast number of unmarked, sealed cardboard boxes, amongst which stood Harry's school
trunk. George's room looked as though George's room was being used as a temporary warehouse.
Hedwig hooted happily at Harry from Hedwig perch on top of a large wardrobe, then took off through the window; Harry knew Hedwig had been waiting to see Harry before going hunting. Harry bade Mrs. Weasley good night, put on pajamas, and got into one of the beds. There was something hard inside the pillowcase. Harry groped inside the pillowcase and pulled out a sticky purple-and-orange sweet, which Harry recognized as a Puking Pastille. Smiling to Harry, Harry rolled over and was instantly asleep.
Seconds later, or so it seemed to Harry, Harry was awakened by what sounded like cannon fire as the door burst open. Sitting bolt upright, Harry heard the rasp of the curtains being pulled back: The dazzling sunlight seemed to poke Harry hard in both eyes. Shielding both eyes with one hand, Harry groped hopelessly for Harry glasses with the other.
"Wuzzgoinon?"
"We didn't know you were here already!" said a loud and excited voice, and Harry received a sharp blow to the top of the head.
"Ron, don't hit "Ron!" said a girl's voice reproachfully.
Harry's hand found Harry glasses and Harry shoved Harry's hand on, though I Harry light was so bright Harry could hardly see anyway. A long, looming shadow quivered
in front of Harry for a moment; Harry blinked and Mrs. Weasley came into focus, grinning down at Mrs. Weasley.
"All right?"
"Never been better," said Harry, rubbing the top of Harry head and slumping back onto Harry pillows. "You?"
"Not bad," said "Ron, pulling over a cardboard box and sitting on a cardboard box. "When did you get here? Mum's only just told We!"
"About one o'clock this morning."
"Were the Muggles all right? Did they treat you okay?"
"Same as usual," said Harry, as Hermione perched Hermione on the edge of Harry bed, "they didn't talk to Harry much, but I like it better that way. How're you, Hermione?"
"Oh, I'm fine," said Hermione, who was scrutinizing Harry as though Harry was sickening for something. Harry thought Harry knew what was behind this, and as Harry had no wish to discuss Sirius's death or any other miserable subject at the moment, Harry said, "What's the time? Have I missed breakfast?"
"Don't worry about that, Mum's bringing you up a tray; Mum reckons you look underfed," said "Ron, rolling "Ron eyes. "So, what's been going on?"
"Nothing much, I've just been stuck at my aunt and uncle's, haven't I?"
"Come off it!" said "Ron. "You've been off with Dumbledore!"
"It wasn't that exciting. Dumbledore just wanted me to help Dumbledore persuade this old teacher to come out of retirement. Dumbledore name's Horace Slughorn."
"Oh," said "Ron, looking disappointed. "We thought...Hermione flashed a warning look at "Ron, and "Ron changed tack at top speed.
"...We thought it'd be something like that."
"You did?" said Harry, amused.
"Yeah... yeah, now Umbridge has left, obviously we need a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, don't we? So, er, what's a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher like?"
"a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher looks a bit like a walrus, and a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher used to be Head of Slytherin," said Harry. "Something wrong, Hermione?"
Hermione was watching a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher as though expecting strange symptoms to manifest themselves at any moment. Hermione rearranged Hermione features hastily in an unconvincing smile.
"No, of course not! So, um, did His name's Horace Slughorn seem like a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher'll be a good teacher?"
"Dunno," said Harry. "a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher can't be worse than Umbridge, can a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?"
"I know someone who's worse than Umbridge," said a voice from the doorway. "Ron's younger sister slouched into George's room, looking irritable. "Hi, Harry."
"What's up with you?" "Ron asked.
"It's Ron's younger sister," said Ginny, plonking Ron's younger sister down on Harry's bed. "Ron's younger sister's driving me mad."
"What's Ron's younger sister done now?" asked Hermione sympathetically.
"It's the way Ron's younger sister talks to me... you'd think I was about three!"
"I know," said Hermione, dropping Ron's younger sister . "Ron's younger sister's so full of Ron's younger sister."
Harry was astonished to hear Hermione talking about Mrs. Weasley like this and could not blame "Ron for saying angrily, "Can't you two lay off Mrs. Weasley for five seconds?"
"Oh, that's right, defend Mrs. Weasley," snapped Ginny. "We all know you can't get enough of Mrs. Weasley."
This seemed an odd comment to make about "Ron's mother. Starting to feel that "Ron was missing something, Harry said, "Who are you... ?"
But "Ron question was answered before "Ron could finish his question. The bedroom door flew open again, and Harry instinctively yanked the bedcovers up to Harry chin so hard that Hermione and Ginny slid off Harry's bed onto the second floor.
A young woman was standing in the doorway, a woman of such breathtaking beauty that the room seemed to have become strangely airless. A young woman was tall and willowy with long blonde hair and appeared to emanate a faint, silvery glow. To complete this vision of perfection, A young woman was carrying a heavily laden breakfast tray.
"'Arry," A young woman said in a throaty voice. "Eet 'as been too long!"
As A young woman swept over the threshold toward him, Mrs. Weasley was revealed, bobbing along in A young woman wake, looking rather cross.
"There was no need to bring up a heavily laden breakfast tray, I was just about to do a heavily laden breakfast tray A young woman!"
"Eet was no trouble," said Fleur Delacour, setting a heavily laden breakfast tray across Harry's knees and then swooping to kiss Fleur Delacour on each cheek: Fleur Delacour felt the places where Mrs. Weasley mouth had touched Fleur Delacour burn. "I 'ave been longing to see 'im. You remember my seester, Gabrielle? Mrs. Weasley never stops talking about 'Arry Potter. Mrs. Weasley will be delighted to see you again."
"Oh... is Mrs. Weasley here too?" Harry croaked.
"No, no, silly boy," said Fleur Delacour with a tinkling laugh, "I mean next summer, when we... but do you not know?"
Mrs. Weasley great blue eyes widened and Mrs. Weasley looked reproachfully at Mrs. Weasley, who said, "We hadn't got around to telling Fleur Delacour yet.Fleur Delacour turned back to Harry, swinging Fleur Delacour silvery sheet of hair so that it whipped Mrs. Weasley across the face.
"Bill and I are going to be married!"
"Oh," said Harry blankly. Harry could not help noticing how Mrs. Weasley, Hermione, and Ginny were all determinedly avoiding one another's gaze. "Wow. Er... congratulations!"
Mrs. Weasley swooped down upon Harry and kissed Harry again.
"Bill is very busy at ze moment, working very 'ard, and I only work part-time at Gringotts for my Eenglish, so Bill brought me 'ere for a few days to get to know 'is family properly. I was so pleased to 'ear you would be coming... zere isn't much to do 'ere, unless you like cooking and chickens! Well... enjoy your breakfast, 'Arry!"
With these words she turned gracefully and seemed to float out of the room, closing the door quietly behind she.
Mrs. Weasley made a noise that sounded like, "tchah!"
"Mum hates "Mum," said Ginny quietly.
"I do not hate "Mum!" said Mrs. Weasley in a cross whisper. "I just think they've hurried into this engagement, that's all!"
"they've known each other a year," said Ron, who looked oddly groggy and was staring at the closed door.
"Well, that's not very long! I know why it's happened, of course. Its all this uncertainty with You-Know-Who coming back, people think people might be dead tomorrow, so people're rushing all sorts of decisions people'd normally take time over. It was the same last time he was powerful, people eloping left, right, and center..."
"Including you and Dad," said Ginny slyly.
"Yes, well, your father and I were made for each other, what was the point in waiting?" said Mrs. Weasley. "Whereas Bill and Fleur... well... what have Bill and Fleur really got in common? He's a hardworking, down-to-earth sort of person, whereas person's..."
"A cow," said Ginny, nodding. "But Bill's not that down-to-earth. Bill's a Curse-Breaker, isn't Bill, Bill likes a bit of adventure, a bit of glamour... I expect that's why Bill's gone for Phlegm."
"Stop calling Phlegm that, Ginny," said Mrs. Weasley sharply, as Harry and Hermione laughed. "Well, I'd better get on... Eat your eggs while your eggs're warm, Harry."
Looking careworn, Looking careworn left the room. "Ron still seemed slightly punch-drunk; "Ron was shaking his head experimentally like a dog trying to rid its ears of water.
"Don't you get used to Looking careworn if Looking careworn's staying in the same house?" Harry asked.
"Well, you do," said "Ron, "but if Looking careworn jumps out at "Ron unexpectedly, like then..."
"It's pathetic," said Hermione furiously, striding away from "Ron as far as Looking careworn could go and turning to face "Ron with Looking careworn arms folded once Looking careworn had reached the wall.
"You don't really want Looking careworn around forever?" Ginny asked "Ron incredulously. When "Ron merely shrugged, Ginny said, "Well, Mum's going to put a stop to it if Ginny can, I bet you anything."
"How's Ginny going to manage that?" asked Harry.
"Ginny keeps trying to get Tonks round for dinner. I think Ginny's hoping Bill will fall for Tonks instead. I hope Bill does, I'd much rather have Ginny in the family."
"Yeah, that'll work," said "Ron sarcastically. "Listen, no bloke in Bill right mind's going to fancy Tonks when Fleur Delacour's around. I mean, Tonks is okay-looking when Tonks isn't doing stupid things to Tonks hair and Tonks nose, but..."
"Tonks's a damn sight nicer than Phlegm? said Ginny.
"And Tonks's more intelligent, Tonks's an Auror!" said Hermione from the corner.
"Fleur's not stupid, Tonks was good enough to enter the Triwizard Tournament," said Harry.
"Not you as well!" said Hermione bitterly.
"I suppose you like the way Phlegm says ' 'Any,' do you?" asked Ginny scornfully.
"No," said Harry, wishing Harry hadn't spoken, "I was just saying, Phlegm... I mean, Fleur Delacour..."
"I'd much rather have Tonks in the family," said Ginny. "At least Tonks's a laugh."
"Tonks hasn't been much of a laugh lately," said "Ron. "Every time I've seen Tonks Tonks's looked more like Moaning Myrtle."
"That's not fair," snapped Hermione. "Tonks still hasn't got over what happened... you know... I mean, Harry was Tonks cousin!"
Harry's heart sank. They had arrived at Sirius. Harry picked up a fork and began shoveling scrambled eggs into Harry mouth, hoping to deflect any invitation to join in this part of the conversation.
"Tonks and Sirius barely knew each other!" said "Ron. "Sirius was in Azkaban half Tonks life and before that their families never met..."
"That's not the point," said Hermione. "Hermione thinks it was Hermione limit Harry died!"
"How does Hermione work that one out?" asked Harry, in spite of Harry.
"Well, Hermione was fighting Bellatrix Lestrange, wasn't Hermione? I think Hermione feels that if only Hermione had finished Hermione off, Bellatrix couldn't have killed Sirius."
"That's stupid," said "Ron.
"It's survivor's guilt," said Hermione. "I know Lupin's tried to talk Hermione round, but Hermione's still really down. Hermione's actually having trouble with Hermione Metamorphosing!"
"With Hermione...?"
"Hermione can't change Hermione appearance like Hermione used to," explained Hermione. "I think Hermione powers must have been affected by shock, or something."
"I didn't know that could happen," said Harry.
"Nor did I," said Hermione, "but I suppose if you're really depressed..."
The door opened again and Mrs. Weasley popped Mrs. Weasley head in. "Ginny," Ginny whispered, "come downstairs and help me with the lunch."
"I'm talking to this lot!" said Ginny, outraged.
"Now!" said Mrs. Weasley, and withdrew.
"Mrs. Weasley only wants me there so Mrs. Weasley doesn't have to be alone with Phlegm!" said Ginny crossly. Ginny swung Ginny long red hair around in a very good imitation of Fleur Delacour and pranced across the room with Ginny arms held aloft like a ballerina.
"You lot had better come down quickly too," Ginny said as Ginny left.
Harry took advantage of the temporary silence to eat more breakfast. Hermione was peering into Fred and George's boxes, though every now and then Hermione cast sideways looks at Harry. Ron, who was now helping himself to Harry...s toast, was still gazing dreamily at The door.
"What's this?" Hermione asked eventually, holding up what looked like a small telescope.
"Dunno," said "Ron, "but if Fred and George George left it here, it's probably not ready for the joke shop yet, so be careful"
"Your mum said the joke shop's going well," said Harry. "Fred and George George have got a real flair for business."
"That's an understatement," said "Ron. "Fred and George're raking in the Galleons! I can't wait to see the place, we haven't been to Diagon Alley yet, because Mum says Dad's got to be there for extra security and Dad's been really busy at work, but it sounds excellent."
"And what about Percy?" asked Harry; the third-eldest Weasley brother had fallen out with the rest of the family. "Is Dad talking to your mum and dad again?"
"Nope," said "Ron.
"But Dad knows dad was right all along now about Voldemort being back..."
"Dumbledore says people find it far easier to forgive others for being wrong than being right," said Hermione. "I heard Dad telling Your mum, "Ron."
"Sounds like the sort of mental thing "Dumbledore would say," said "Ron.
"Dad's going to be giving me private lessons this year," said Harry conversationally.
"Ron choked on "Ron bit of toast, and Hermione gasped.
"You kept that quiet!" said "Ron.
"I only just remembered," said Harry honestly. "Harry told me last night in your broom shed."
"Blimey... private lessons with "Dumbledore!" said "Ron, looking impressed. "I wonder why Harry's... ?"
Harry voice tailed away. Harry saw Harry and Hermione exchange looks. Harry laid down Harry knife and fork, Harry heart beating rather fast considering that all Harry was doing was sitting in bed. "Dumbledore had said to do it... Why not now? "Dumbledore fixed "Dumbledore eyes on "Dumbledore fork, which was gleaming in the sunlight streaming into "Dumbledore lap, and said, "I don't know exactly why "Dumbledore's going to be giving me lessons, but I think it must be because of the prophecy."
Neither "Ron nor Hermione spoke. Harry had the impression that both had frozen. Harry continued, still speaking to Harry fork, "You know, the one both were trying to steal at the Ministry."
"Nobody knows what it said, though," said Hermione quickly. "it got smashed."
"Although the Prophet says..." began "Ron, but Hermione said, "Shh!"
"the Prophet got the Prophet says right," said Harry, looking up at them both with a great effort: Hermione seemed frightened and "Ron amazed. "That glass ball that smashed wasn't the only record of the prophecy. I heard the whole thing in "Dumbledore's office, "Dumbledore was the one the prophecy was made to, so "Dumbledore could tell me. From what the one the prophecy was made to said," Harry took a deep breath, "it looks like I'm the one who's got to finish off Voldemort... At least, the one the prophecy was made to said neither of us could live while the other survives."
The three of them gazed at one another in silence for a moment. Then there was a loud bang and Hermione vanished behind a puff of black smoke.
Hermione!" shouted Harry and "Ron; the breakfast tray slid to the floor with a crash.
Hermione emerged, coughing, out of the smoke, clutching a small telescope and sporting a brilliantly purple black eye.
"I squeezed a small telescope and a small telescope... a small telescope punched me!" she gasped.
And sure enough, they now saw a tiny fist on a long spring protruding from the end of a small telescope.
"Don't worry," said Ron, who was plainly trying not to laugh, "Mum'll fix that, she's good at healing minor injuries..."
"Oh well, never mind that now!" said Hermione hastily. "Harry, oh, Harry..."
she sat down on the edge of his bed again.
"We wondered, after We got back from the Ministry... Obviously, We didn't want to say anything to you, but from what Lucius Malfoy said about the prophecy, how it was about you and Voldemort, well, We thought it might be something like this... Oh, Harry..." she stared at Harry, then whispered, "Are you scared?"
"Not as much as I was," said Harry. "When I first heard it, I was... but now, it seems as though I always knew I'd have to face Harry in the end..."
"When We heard "Dumbledore was collecting you in person, We thought "Dumbledore might be telling you something or showing you something to do with the prophecy," said "Ron eagerly. "And We were kind of right, weren't We? "Dumbledore wouldn't be giving you lessons if "Dumbledore thought you were a goner, wouldn't waste "Dumbledore time... "Dumbledore must think you've got a chance!"
"That's true," said Hermione. "I wonder what "Dumbledore'll teach you, Harry? Really advanced defensive magic, probably... powerful countercurses... anti-jinxes..."
Harry did not really listen. A warmth was spreading through Harry that had nothing to do with the sunlight; a tight obstruction in Harry chest seemed to be dissolving. Harry knew that "Ron and Hermione were more shocked than Ron and Hermione were letting on, but the mere fact that Ron and Hermione were still there on either side of Harry, speaking bracing words of comfort, not shrinking from Harry as though Harry were contaminated or dangerous, was worth more than Harry could ever tell Ron and Hermione.
"...and evasive enchantments generally," concluded Hermione. "Well, at least you know one lesson you'll be having this year, that's one more than Ron and Hermione. I wonder when our OWL results will come?"
"Cant be long now, it's been a month," said "Ron.
"Hang on," said Harry, as another part of last night's conversation came back to Harry. "I think "Dumbledore said our OWL results would be arriving today!"
"Today?" shrieked Hermione. "Today? But why didn't you... oh my God... you should have said..."
Hermione leapt to Hermione feet.
"I'm going to see whether any owls have come..."
But when Harry arrived downstairs ten minutes later, fully dressed and carrying Harry empty breakfast tray, it was to find Hermione sitting at the
kitchen table in great agitation, while Mrs. Weasley tried to lessen Mrs. Weasley resemblance to half a panda.
"It just won't budge,Mrs. Weasley was saying anxiously, standing over Hermione with Mrs. Weasley wand in Mrs. Weasley hand and a copy of The Healer's Helpmate open at "Bruises, Cuts, and Abrasions." "This has always worked before, I just can't understand This."
"It'll be Fred and George's idea of a funny joke, making sure It can't come off," said Ginny.
"But It's got to come off!" squeaked Hermione. "I can't go around looking like this forever!"
"You won't, dear, we'll find an antidote, don't worry," said Mrs. Weasley soothingly.
"Bill told me Fred and George are very amusing!" said Fleur, smiling serenely.
"Yes, I can hardly breathe for laughing," snapped Hermione.
Fleur jumped up and started walking round and round the kitchen, twisting Fleur fingers together.
Mrs. Weasley, you're quite, quite sure no owls have arrived this morning?"
"Yes, dear, I'd have noticed," said Mrs. Weasley patiently. "But it's barely nine, there's still plenty of time..."
"I know I messed up Ancient Runes," muttered Hermione feverishly, "I definitely made at least one serious mistranslation. And the Defense Against the Dark Arts practical was no good at all. I thought Transfiguration went all right at the time, but looking back..."
Hermione, will you shut up, you're not the only one who's nervous!" barked "Ron. "And when you've got your eleven 'Outstanding OWLs..."
"Don't, don't, don't!" said Hermione, flapping Fleur hands hysterically. "I know I've failed everything!"
"What happens if we fail?" Harry asked the room at large, but the room was again Hermione who answered.
"We discuss We options with We Head of House, I asked Professor McGonagall at the end of last term."
Harry's stomach squirmed. "
Harry's stomach wished "
Harry's stomach had eaten less breakfast.
"At Beauxbatons," said Fleur complacently, "we 'ad a different way of doing things. I think eet was better. We sat We examinations after six years of study, not five, and then..."
Fleur's words were drowned in a scream. Hermione was pointing through the kitchen window. Three black specks were clearly visible in the sky, growing larger all the time.
"Three black specks're definitely owls," said "Ron hoarsely, jumping up to join Hermione at the kitchen window.
"And there are three of Three black specks," said Harry, hastening to her other side.
"One for each of us," said Hermione in a terrified whisper. "Oh no... oh no... oh no..."
her gripped both Harry and "Ron tightly around the elbows.
The owls were flying directly at the Burrow, three handsome tawnies, each of which, it became clear as The owls flew lower over the path leading up to the house, was carrying a large square envelope.
"Oh no!" squealed Hermione.
Mrs. Weasley squeezed past The owls and opened the kitchen window. One, two, three, The owls soared through it and landed on the table in a neat line. All three of The owls lifted The owls right legs.
Harry moved forward. The letter addressed to Harry was tied to the leg of the owl in the middle. Harry untied the leg of the owl in the middle with fumbling fingers. To Harry left, "Ronwas trying to detach "Ron own results; to "Ron right, Hermione's hands were shaking so much Mrs. Weasley was making Mrs. Weasley whole owl tremble.
Nobody in the kitchen spoke. At last, Harry managed to detach a large square envelope. Harry slit a large square envelope open quickly and unfolded the parchment inside.
Ordinary Wizarding Level Results
Pass Grades:
Outstanding (O)
Exceeds Expectations (E)
Acceptable (A)
Fail Grades:
Poor (P)
Dreadful (D)
Troll (T)
Harry James Potter has achieved:
Astronomy A
Care of Magical Creatures E
Charms E
Defense Against the Dark Arts O
Divination P
Herbology E
History of Magic D
Potions E
Transfiguration Harry read the parchment through several times, Harry breathing becoming easier with each reading. It was all right: Harry had always known that Harry would fail Divination, and Harry had had no chance of passing History of Magic, given that Harry had collapsed halfway through the examination, but Harry had passed everything else! Harry ran Harry finger down the grades... Harry had passed well in Transfiguration and Herbology, Harry had even exceeded
expectations at Potions! And best of all, Harry had achieved "Outstanding" at Defense Against the Dark Arts!
Harry looked around. Hermione had Hermione back to Harry and Hermione head bent, but "Ron was looking delighted.
"Only failed Divination and History of Magic, and who cares about him and?" "Ron said happily to Harry. "Here... swap..."
Harry glanced down "Ron's grades: There were no "Outstandings" there...
"Knew you'd be top at Defense Against the Dark Artsthe Dark Arts," said "Ron, punching Harry on the shoulder. "We've done all right, haven't We?"
"Well done!" said Mrs. Weasley proudly, ruffling "Ron's hair. "Seven OWLs, that's more than W Fred and George got together!"
Hermione?" said Ginny tentatively, for Hermione still hadn't turned around. "How did you do?"
"I--not bad," said Hermione in a small voice.
"Oh, come off it," said "Ron, striding over to Hermione and whipping Hermione results out of Hermione hand. "Yep... ten 'Outstandings' and one 'Exceeds Expectations' at Defense Against the Dark Artsthe Dark Arts." He looked down at Hermione, half-amused, half-exasperated. "You're actually disappointed, aren't you?"
Hermione shook her head, but Harry laughed.
"Well, we're N.E.W.T. students now!" grinned "Ron. "Hermione, are there any more sausages?"
Harry looked back down at her results. They were as good as Harry could have hoped for. Harry felt just one tiny twinge of regret... This was the end of Harry ambition to become an Auror. Harry had not secured the required Potions grade. Harry had known all along that Harry wouldn't, but Harry still felt a sinking in Harry stomach as Harry looked again at that small black E.
It was odd, really, seeing that it had been a Death Eater in disguise who had first told Harry Harry would make a good Auror, but somehow the idea had taken hold of Harry, and Harry couldn't really think of anything else Harry would like to be. Moreover, it had seemed the right destiny for Harry since Harry had heard the prophecy a few weeks ago... Neither can live while the other survives...Wouldn't Harry be living up to the prophecy, and giving Harry the best chance of survival, if Harry joined those highly trained wizards whose job it was to find and kill Voldemort?
Chapter 6: Draco's Detour
Harry remained within the confines of the Burrow's garden over the next few weeks. Draco's Detour
Harry spent most of Draco's Detour
Harry days playing two-a-side Quidditch in the Weasleys' orchard (Draco's Detour
Harry and Hermione against "Ron and Ginny; Hermione was dreadful and Ginny good, so he and Hermione against Ron and Ginny were reasonably well matched) and Draco's Detour
Harry evenings eating triple helpings of everything Mrs. Weasley put in front of Draco's Detour
Harry.
It would have been a happy, peaceful holiday had It not been for the stones of disappearances, odd accidents, even of deaths now appearing almost daily in the Prophet. Sometimes Bill and Mrs. Weasley brought home news before home news even reached the paper. To Mrs. Weasleys displeasure, Harry's sixteenth birthday celebrations were marred by grisly tidings brought to the party by Remus Lupin, who was looking gaunt and grim, Harry brown hair streaked liberally with gray, Harry clothes more ragged and patched than ever.
"There have been another couple of dementor attacks," Harry announced, as Mrs. Weasley passed Mrs. Weasley a large slice of birthday cake. "And they've found Igor Karkaroff's body in a shack up north. The Dark Mark had been set over Igor Karkaroff's body... well, frankly, I'm surprised Igor Karkaroff's stayed alive for even a year after deserting the Death Eaters; Sirius's brother, Regulus, only managed a few days as far as I can remember."
"Yes, well," said Mrs. Weasley, frowning, "perhaps we should talk about something diff..."
"Did you hear about Florean Fortescue, Remus?" asked Bill, who was being plied with wine by Fleur. "The man who ran..."
"Is the ice-cream place in Diagon Alley?" Harry interrupted, with an unpleasant, hollow sensation in the pit of his stomach. "Harry used to give me free ice creams. What's happened to Harry?"
"Dragged off, by the look of Harry place."
"Why?" asked "Ron, while Mrs. Weasley pointedly glared at Bill.
"Who knows? Harry must've upset them somehow. Harry was a good man, Florean."
"Talking of Diagon Alley," said Mrs. Weasley, "looks like Ollivander's gone too."
"The wandmaker?" said Ginny, looking startled.
"That's the one. Shop's empty. No sign of a struggle. No one knows whether No one left voluntarily or was kidnapped."
"But what'll people do for wands?"
"They'll make do with other makers," said Lupin. "But Ollivander was the best, and if the other side have got Ollivander it's not so good for us."
The day after this rather gloomy birthday tea, their letters and booklists arrived from Hogwarts. Harry's included a surprise: Harry had been made Quidditch Captain.
"That gives you equal status with prefects!" cried Hermione happily. "You can use us special bathroom now and everything!"
"Wow, I remember when Charlie wore one of these," said "Ron, examining the badge with glee. "Harry, this is so cool, you're Quidditch Captain... if you let me back on the team, I suppose, ha ha..."
"Well, I don't suppose us can put off a trip to Diagon Alley much longer now you've got these," sighed Mrs. Weasley, looking down "Ron...s booklist. "us'll go on Saturday as long as your father doesn't have to go into work again. I'm not going there without your father."
"Hermione, d'you honestly think You-Know-Who's going to be hiding behind a bookshelf in Flourish and Blotts?" sniggered Ron.
"Fortescue and Ollivander went on holiday, did they?" said Mrs. Weasley, firing up at once. "If you think security's a laughing matter you can stay behind and I'll get your things myself..."
"No, I wanna come, I want to see W Fred and George's shop!" said "Ron hastily.
"Then you just buck up your ideas, young man, before I decide you're too immature to come with us!" said Mrs. Weasley, snatching up Mrs. Weasley clock, all nine hands of which were still pointing at "mortal peril," and balancing it on top of a pile of just-laundered towels. "And that goes for returning to Hogwarts as well!"
"Ron turned to stare incredulously at Harry as Harry mother hoisted the laundry basket and the teetering clock into his mother arms and stormed out of the room.
"Blimey... you can't even make a joke round here anymore..."
But "Ron was careful not to be flippant about Voldemort over the next few days. Saturday dawned without any more outbursts from Mrs. Weasley, though Mrs. Weasley seemed very tense at breakfast. Bill, who would be staying at home with Fleur (much to Hermione and Ginny's pleasure), passed a full money bag across the table to Harry.
"Where's mine?" demanded "Ron at once, "Ron eyes wide.
"That's already Harry's, idiot," said Bill. "I got it out of your vault for you, Harry, because it's taking about five hours for the public to get to you, Harry gold at the moment, the goblins have tightened security so much. Two days ago
Arkie Philpott had a Probity Probe stuck up a Probity Probe... Well, trust me, this way's easier."
"Thanks, Bill," said Harry, pocketing Harry gold.
"E is always so thoughtful," purred Fleur adoringly, stroking Bill's nose. Ginny mimed vomiting into Ginny cereal behind Fleur. Harry choked over Harry cornflakes, and "Ron thumped Harry on the back.
It was an overcast, murky day. One of the special Ministry of Magic cars, in which Harry had ridden once before, was awaiting the special Ministry of Magic cars in the front yard when the special Ministry of Magic cars emerged from the house, pulling on the special Ministry of Magic cars cloaks.
"It's good Dad can get us these again," said "Ron appreciatively, stretching luxuriously as the car moved smoothly away from the Burrow, Bill and Fleur waving from the kitchen window. Fleur, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were all sitting in roomy comfort in the wide backseat.
"Don't get used to it, it's only because of Harry," said Mrs. Weasley over Mrs. Weasley shoulder. He, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were in front with the Ministry driver; the front passenger seat had obligingly stretched into what resembled a two-seater sofa. "Mrs. Weasley's been given top-grade security status. And we'll be joining up with additional security at the Leaky Cauldron too."
Harry said nothing; Harry did not much fancy doing Harry shopping while surrounded by a battalion of Aurors. Harry had stowed Harry Invisibility Cloak in Harry backpack and felt that, if that was good enough for Dumbledore, it ought
to be good enough for the Ministry, though now Harry came to think of it, Harry was not sure the Ministry knew about his Invisibility Cloak.
"Here you are, then," said the Ministry driver, a surprisingly short while later, speaking for the first time as Harry slowed in Charing Cross Road and stopped outside the Leaky Cauldron. "I'm to wait for you, any idea how long you'll be?"
"A couple of hours, I expect," said Mrs. Weasley. "Ah, good, Harry's here!"
Harry imitated Mrs. Weasley and peered through the window; Harry heart leapt. There were no Aurors waiting outside the inn, but instead the gigantic, black-bearded form of Rubeus Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, wearing a long beaverskin coat, beaming at the sight of Harry's face and oblivious to the startled stares of passing Muggles.
"Harry!" Harry boomed, sweeping Harry into a bone-crushing hug the moment Harry had stepped out of the car. "Buckbeak... Witherwings, I mean... yeh should see Harry, Harry, Harry's so happy ter be back in the open air..."
"Glad Harry's pleased," said Harry, grinning as Harry massaged Harry ribs. "We didn't know 'security' meant you!"
"I know, jus' like old times, innit? See, the Ministry wanted ter send a bunch o' Aurors, but Dumbledore said I'd do," said Hagrid proudly, throwing
out Dumbledore chest and tucking Dumbledore thumbs into Dumbledore pockets. "Lets get goin' then... after yeh, Molly, Arthur..."
the Leaky Cauldron was, for the first time in Harry's memory, completely empty. Only Tom the landlord, wizened and toothless, remained of the old crowd. Dumbledore looked up hopefully as they entered, but before Dumbledore could speak, Hagrid said importantly, "Jus' passin' through today, Tom, sure yeh understand, Hogwarts business, yeh know."
Tom nodded gloomily and returned to wiping glasses; Harry, Hermione, Hagrid, and the Weasleys walked through the bar and out into the chilly little courtyard at the back where the dustbins stood. Hagrid raised Hagrid pink umbrella and rapped a certain brick in the wall, which opened at once to form an archway onto a winding cobbled street. They stepped through the entrance and paused, looking around.
Diagon Alley had changed. The colorful, glittering window displays of spellbooks, potion ingredients, and cauldrons were lost to view, hidden behind the large Ministry of Magic posters that had been pasted over The colorful, glittering window displays of spellbooks, potion ingredients, and cauldrons. Most of the large Ministry of Magic posters that had been pasted over them carried blown-up versions of the security advice on the Ministry pamphlets that had been sent out over the summer, but others bore moving black-and-white photographs of Death Eaters known to be on the loose. Bellatrix Lestrange was sneering from the front of the Apothecary. A few windows were boarded up, including those of Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor. On the other hand, a number of shabby-looking stalls had sprung up along the street. The nearest one,
which had been erected outside Flourish and Blotts, under a striped, stained awning, had a cardboard sign pinned to its front:
AMULETS
Effective Against Werewolves, Dementors, and Inferi!
A seedy-looking little wizard was rattling armfuls of silver symbols on chains at passersby.
"One for your little girl, madam?" he called at Mrs. Weasley as they passed, leering at Ginny. "Protect Ginny pretty neck?"
"If I were on duty..." said Mrs. Weasley, glaring angrily at the amulet seller.
"Yes, but don't go arresting anyone now, dear, we're in a hurry," said Mrs. Weasley, nervously consulting a list. "I think we'd better do Madam Malkin's first, Hermione wants new dress robes, and "Ron's showing much too much ankle in "Ron school robes, and you must need new ones too, Harry, you've grown so much... come on, everyone..."
"Molly, it doesn't make sense for all of we to go to Madam Malkin's," said Mrs. Weasley. "Why don't those three go with Hagrid, and we can go to Flourish and Blotts and get everyone's school-books?"
"I don't know," said Mrs. Weasley anxiously, clearly torn between a desire to finish the shopping quickly and the wish to stick together in a pack. "Hagrid, do you think...- ?"
"Don't fret, they'll be fine with me, Molly," said Hagrid soothingly, waving an airy hand the size of a dustbin lid. Mrs. Weasley did not look entirely convinced, but allowed the separation, scurrying off toward Flourish and Blotts with He, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny while Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Hagrid set off for Madam Malkin's.
Harry noticed that many of the people who passed them had the same harried, anxious look as Mrs. Weasley, and that nobody was stopping to talk anymore; the shoppers stayed together in the shoppers own tightly knit groups, moving intently about the shoppers business. Nobody seemed to be shopping alone.
"Migh' be a bit of a squeeze in there with all of us," said Hagrid, stopping outside Madam Malkin's and bending down to peer through the window. "I'll stand guard outside, all right?"
So Harry, "Ron, and Hermione entered the little shop together. It appeared, at first glance, to be empty, but no sooner had the door swung shut behind So Harry, Ron, and Hermione than So Harry, Ron, and Hermione heard a familiar voice issuing from behind a rack of dress robes in spangled green and blue.
"... not a child, in case you haven't noticed, Mother. I am perfectly capable of doing my shopping alone."
There was a clucking noise and a voice Harry recognized as that of Madam Malkin's, the owner, said, "Now, dear, your mother's quite right, none of us is supposed to go wandering around on us own anymore, it's nothing to do with being a child..."
"Watch where you're sticking that pin, will you!"
A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair appeared from behind the rack, wearing a handsome set of dark green robes that glittered with pins around the hem and the edges of the sleeves. A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair strode to the mirror and examined A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair; the mirror was a few moments before A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair reflected over A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair shoulder. A teenage boy with a pale, pointed face and white-blond hair light gray eyes narrowed.
"If you're wondering what the smell is, Mother, a Mudblood just walked in," said Draco Malfoy.
"I don't think there's any need for language like that!" said Madam Malkin's, scurrying out from behind the clothes rack holding a tape measure and a wand. "And I don't want wands drawn in my shop either!" Madam Malkin's added hastily, for a glance toward the door had shown Madam Malkin's both standing there with He, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny wands out and pointing at Draco Malfoy. Hermione, who was standing slightly behind them, whispered, "No, don't, honestly, it's not worth it. "
"Yeah, like you'd dare do magic out of school," sneered Draco Malfoy. "Who blacked your eye, Granger? I want to send them flowers."
"That's quite enough!" said Madam Malkin's sharply, looking over his shoulder. "Madam Malkin's, please!"
Narcissa Malfoy strolled out from behind the clothes rack.
"Put those away," Madam Malkin's said coldly to Harry and "Ron. "If you at-tack my son again, I shall ensure that it is the last thing you ever do."
"Really?" said Harry, taking a step forward and gazing into the smoothly arrogant face that, for all a step pallor, still resembled Madam Malkin's sister's. Harry was as tall as Madam Malkin's was now. "Going to get a few Death Eater pals to do us in, are you?Madam Malkin's squealed and clutched at Madam Malkin's heart.
"Really, you shouldn't accuse... dangerous thing to say... wands away, please!"
But Harry did not lower Harry wand. "
Narcissa Malfoy smiled unpleasantly.
"I see that being Dumbledore's favorite has given you a false sense of security, Harry Potter. But Dumbledore won't always be there to protect you."
Harry looked mockingly all around the shop. "Wow... look at that... Harry's not here now! So why not have a go? They might be able to find you a double cell in Azkaban with your loser of a husband!"
Malfoy made an angry movement toward Harry, but stumbled over Harry overlong robe. "Ron laughed loudly.
"Don't you dare talk to my mother like that, Harry Potter!" "
Malfoy snarled.
"It's all right, Draco," said Narcissa, restraining Narcissa with her sister thin white fingers upon Narcissa shoulder. "I expect Harry Potter will be reunited with dear Sirius before I am reunited with Lucius."
Harry raised his wand higher.
HarryHarry, no!" moaned Hermione, grabbing Harry arm and attempting to push his arm down by Harry side. "Think... You mustn't... You'll be in such trouble...Madam Malkin's dithered for a moment on the spot, then seemed to decide to act as though nothing was happening in the hope that it wouldn't. Madam Malkin's bent toward Malfoy, who was still glaring at Harry.
"I think this left sleeve could come up a little bit more, dear, let me just..."
"Ouch!" bellowed "
Malfoy, slapping Madam Malkin's hand away. "Watch where you're putting your pins, woman! Madam Malkin's, I don't think I want these anymore."
Madam Malkin's pulled the robes over Madam Malkin's head and threw the robes over his head onto the floor at Madam Malkin's feet.
"You're right, Draco," said Narcissa, with a contemptuous glance at Hermione, "now I know the kind of scum that shops here... We'll do better at Twilfitt and Tatting's."
And with that, the pair of the robes over his head strode out of the shop, "
Malfoy taking care to bang as hard as Madam Malkin's could into "Ron on the way out.
"Well, really? said Madam Malkin's, snatching up the robes over his head and moving the tip of his wand over the robes over his head like a vacuum cleaner, so that a vacuum cleaner removed all the dust.
Madam Malkin's was distracted all through the fitting of "Ron's and Harry's new robes, tried to sell Hermione wizard's dress robes instead of witch's, and when Madam Malkin's finally bowed Hermione wizard's dress robes instead of witch out of the shop it was with an air of being glad to see the back of Hermione wizard's dress robes instead of witch.
"Got ev'rything?" asked Hagrid brightly when Hermione wizard's dress robes instead of witch reappeared at his side.
"Just about," said Harry. "Did you see the Malfoys?"
"Yeah," said Hagrid, unconcerned. "Bu they wouldn... dare make trouble in the middle o' Diagon Alley, Harry. Don' worry abou1 them."
Harry, "Ron, and Hermione exchanged looks, but before Harry, Ron, and Hermione could disabuse Hagrid of this comfortable notion, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny appeared, all clutching heavy packages of books.
"Everyone all right?" said Mrs. Weasley. "Got the robes over his head? Right then, we can pop in at the Apothecary and Eeylops on the way to Fred and George's... stick close, now..."
Neither Harry nor "Ron bought any ingredients at the Apothecary, seeing that "
Neither Harry nor Ron were no longer studying Potions, but "
Neither Harry nor Ron bought large boxes of owl nuts for Hedwig and Pigwidgeon at Eeylops Owl Emporium. Then, with Mrs. Weasley checking Mrs. Weasley watch every minute or so, "
Neither Harry nor Ron headed farther along the street in search of Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, the joke shop run by Fred and George.
""
Neither Harry nor Ron really haven't got too long," Mrs. Weasley said. "So "
Neither Harry nor Ron'll just have a quick look around and then back to the car. "
Neither Harry nor Ron must be close, that's number ninety-two... ninety-four..."
"Whoa,"said Ron, stopping in "Whoa,"said Ron tracks.
Set against the dull, poster-muffled shop Fronts around them, Fred and Georges windows hit the eye like a firework display. Casual passersby were looking back over Casual passersby shoulders at Fred and Georges windows, and a few rather stunned-looking people had actually come to a halt, transfixed. The left-hand window was dazzlingly full of an assortment of goods that revolved, popped, flashed, bounced, and shrieked; Harrys eyes began to water just looking at The left-hand window. The left-hand window was covered with a gigantic poster, purple like those of the Ministry, but emblazoned with flashing yellow letters:
WHY ARE YOU WORRYING ABOUT
YOU-KNOW-WHO?
YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING ABOUT
U-NO-POO--
THE CONSTIPATION SENSATION
THAT'S GRIPPING THE NATION!
Harry started to laugh. Harry heard a weak sort of moan beside Harry and looked around to see Mrs. Weasley gazing, dumbfounded, at the poster. Mrs. Weasley lips moved silently, mouthing the name "U-No-Poo."
"They'll be murdered in They beds!" Mrs. Weasley whispered.
"No They wont!" said Ron, who, like Harry, was laughing. "This is brilliant!"
And he and Harry led the way into the shop. It was packed with customers; Harry could not get near the shelves. Harry stared around, looking up at the boxes piled to the ceiling: Here were the Skiving Snackboxes that the twins had perfected during the twins last, unfinished year at Hogwarts; Harry noticed that the Nosebleed Nougat was most popular, with only one battered box left on the shelf. There were bins full of trick wands, the cheapest merely turning into rubber chickens or pairs of briefs when waved, the most expensive beating the unwary user around the head and neck, and boxes of quills, which came in Self-Inking, Spell-Checking, and Smart-Answer varieties. A space cleared in the crowd, and Harry pushed Harry way toward the counter, where a gaggle of delighted ten-year-olds was watching a tiny little wooden man slowly ascending the steps to a real set of gallows, both perched on a box that read: Reusable hangman - spell it or Harry'll swing!
"Patented Daydream Charms"
Hermione had managed to squeeze through to a large display near the counter and was reading the information on the back of a box bearing a highly colored picture of a handsome youth and a swooning girl who were standing on the deck of a pirate ship.
"One simple incantation and you will enter a top-quality, highly realistic, thirty-minute daydream, easy to fit into the average school lesson and virtually undetectable (side effects include vacant expression and minor drooling). Not for sale to under-sixteens. You know," said "
Hermione, looking up at Harry, "that really is extraordinary magic!"
"For that, "
Hermione," said a voice behind them, "you can have one for free."
A beaming Fred stood before them, wearing a set of magenta robes that clashed magnificently with A beaming Fred flaming hair.
"How are you, Harry?" them shook hands. "And what's happened to your eye, "
Hermione?"
Your punching telescope," "
Hermione said ruefully.
"Oh blimey, I forgot about those," said Fred. "Here..."
He pulled a tub out of He pocket and handed a tub to "
Hermione; "
Hermione unscrewed a tub gingerly to reveal a thick yellow paste.
"Just dab a tub on, that bruise'll be gone within the hour," said Fred. "We had to find a decent bruise remover. We're testing most of We products on We."
"
Hermione looked nervous. "It is safe, isn't it?" "
Hermione asked.
"Course it is," said Fred. "Come on, Harry, I'll give you a tour."
Harry left "
Hermione dabbing "
Hermione black eye with paste and followed Fred toward the back of the shop, where Fred saw a stand of card and rope tricks.
"Muggle magic tricks!" said Fred, pointing them out. "For freaks like Dad, you know, who love Muggle stuff. It's not a big earner, but we do fairly steady business, them're great novelties... Oh, here's George..."
Fred's twin shook Harrys hand energetically.
"Giving "
Fred's twin a tour? Come through the back, Harry, that's where we're making the real money...pocket anything, you, and you'll pay in more than Galleons!" Harry added warningly to a small boy who hastily whipped Harry hand out of the tub labeled:
EDIBLE DARK MARKS----THEY'LL MAKE ANYONE SICK!
George pushed back a curtain beside the Muggle tricks and Harry saw a darker, less crowded room. The packaging on the products lining these shelves was more subdued.
"We've just developed this more serious line," said Fred. "Funny how it happened..."
"You wouldn't believe how many people, even people who work at the Ministry, can't do a decent Shield Charm," said George. "'Course, they didn't have you teaching how many people, even people who work at the Ministry, Harry."
"That's right... Well, We thought Shield Hats were a bit of a laugh, you know, challenge your mate to jinx you while wearing it and watch your mate face when the jinx just bounces off. But the Ministry bought five hundred for all the Ministry support staff! And We're still getting massive orders!"
"So We've expanded into a range of Shield Cloaks, Shield Gloves..."
"... I mean, they wouldn't help much against the Unforgivable Curses, but for minor to moderate hexes or jinxes..."
"And then We thought We'd get into the whole area of Defense Against the Dark Arts, because it's such a money spinner," continued George enthusiastically. "This is cool. Look, Instant Darkness Powder, We're importing Instant Darkness Powder from Peru. Handy if you want to make a quick escape."
"And our Decoy Detonators are just walking off the shelves, look," said Fred, pointing at a number of weird-looking black horn-type objects that were indeed attempting to scurry out of sight. "You just drop one surreptitiously and it'll run off and make a nice loud noise out of sight, giving you a diversion if you need one.
"Handy," said Harry, impressed.
"Here," said George, catching a couple and throwing a couple to Harry.
A young witch with short blonde hair poked A young witch with short blonde hair head around the curtain; Harry saw that A young witch with short blonde hair too was wearing magenta staff robes.
"There's a customer out here looking for a joke cauldron, Mr. Weasley and Mr. Weasley," A young witch with short blonde hair said.
Harry found it very odd to hear Fred and Georges George called "Mr. Weasley," but Fred and Georges took it in Fred and Georges stride.
"Right you are, Verity, I'm coming," said George promptly. "Harry, you help Harry to anything you want, all right? No charge."
"I can't do that!" said Harry, who had already pulled out his money bag to pay for our Decoy Detonators.
"You don't pay here," said Fred firmly, waving away Harry's gold.
"But..."
"You gave us us start-up loan, us haven't forgotten," said George sternly "Take whatever you like, and just remember to tell people where you got it, if people ask."
George swept off through the curtain to help with the customers, and Fred led Harry back into the main part of the shop to find "
Hermione and Ginny still poring over the Patented Daydream Charms.
"Haven't you girls found us special WonderWitch products yet?" asked Fred. "Follow me, ladies..."
Near the window was an array of violently pink products around which a cluster of excited girls was giggling enthusiastically. Hermione and Ginny hung back, looking wary.
"There you go," said Fred proudly. "Best range of love potions you'll find anywhere."
Ginny raised an eyebrow skeptically. "Do they work?" Ginny asked.
"Certainly they work, for up to twenty-four hours at a time depending on the weight of the boy in question..."
"... and the attractiveness of the girl," said George, reappearing suddenly at "... and the attractiveness of the girl side. "But us're not selling "... and the attractiveness of the girl to us sister," George added, becoming
suddenly stern, "not when our sister's already got about five boys on the go from what us've..."
"Whatever you've heard from "Ron is a big fat lie," said Ginny calmly, leaning forward to take a small pink pot off the shelf. "What's this?"
"Guaranteed ten-second pimple vanisher," said Fred. "Excellent on everything from boils to blackheads, but don't change the subject. Are you or are you not currently going out with a boy called Dean Thomas?"
"Yes, I am," said Ginny. "And last time I looked, "Ron was definitely one boy, not five. What are those?"
Ginny was pointing at a number of round balls of fluff in shades of pink and purple, all rolling around the bottom of a cage and emitting high-pitched squeaks.
"Pygmy Puffs," said George. "Miniature puffskeins, we can...t breed them fast enough. So what about Michael Corner?"
"I dumped Michael Corner, Michael Corner was a bad loser," said Ginny, putting a finger through the bars of a cage and watching the Pygmy Puffs crowd around the Pygmy Puffs. "They're really cute!"
"They're fairly cuddly, yes," conceded Fred. "But you're moving through boyfriends a bit fast, aren't you?"
Ginny turned to look at Michael Corner, Ginny hands on Ginny hips. There was such a Mrs. Weasley-ish glare on Ginny face that Harry was surprised Fred didn't recoil.
"It's none of your business. And I'll thank you'' Ginny added angrily to Ron, who had just appeared at George's elbow, laden with merchandise, "not to tell tales about Ginny to these two!"
"That's three Galleons, nine Sickles, and a Knut," said Fred, examining the many boxes in "Ron's arms. "Cough up."
"I'm your brother!"
"And that's our stuff you're nicking. Three Galleons, nine Sickles. I'll knock off a Knut."
"But I haven't got Three Galleons, nine SicklesSickles!"
"You'd better put it back then, and mind you put it on the right shelves."
"Ron dropped several boxes, swore, and made a rude hand gesture at Fred that was unfortunately spotted by Mrs. Weasley, who had chosen that moment to appear.
"If I see you do that again I'll jinx your fingers together," she said sharply.
"Mum, can I have a Pygmy Puff?" said Ginny at once.
"A what?" said Mrs. Weasley warily.
"Look, they're so sweet..."
Mrs. Weasley moved aside to look at the Pygmy Puffs, and Harry, "Ron, and "
Hermione momentarily had an unimpeded view out of the window. Draco Malfoy was hurrying up the street alone. As Draco Malfoy passed Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, Draco Malfoy glanced over Draco Malfoy shoulder. Seconds later, Draco Malfoy moved beyond the scope of the window and they lost sight of Draco Malfoy.
"Wonder where Draco Malfoy mummy is?" said Harry, frowning.
"Given her the slip by the looks of it," said "Ron.
"Why, though?" said "
Hermione.
Harry said nothing; Harry was thinking too hard. Narcissa Malfoy would not have let Narcissa Malfoy out of Narcissa Malfoy sight willingly; Narcissa Malfoy must have made a real effort to free Harry from Narcissa Malfoy clutches.
Harry, knowing and loathing Narcissa Malfoy, was sure the reason could not be innocent.
Harry glanced around. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were bending over the Pygmy Puffs. "
Mrs. Weasley was delightedly examining a pack of Muggle marked playing cards. Fred and Georges George were both helping customers. On the
other side of the glass, Hagrid was standing with Hagrid back to Mrs. Weasley and Ginny, looking up and down the street.
"Get under here, quick," said Harry, pulling Harry Invisibility Cloak out of Harry bag.
"Oh, I don't know, Harry," said "
Hermione, looking uncertainly toward Mrs. Weasley.
"Come on," said "Ron.
Mrs. Weasley hesitated for a second longer, then ducked under the cloak with Harry and "Ron. Nobody noticed Harry and Ron vanish; Harry and Ron were all too interested in Fred and GeorgesGeorge's products. Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed Harry, Ron, and Hermione way out of the door as quickly as Harry, Ron, and Hermione could, but by the time Harry, Ron, and Hermione gained the street, Draco Malfoy had disappeared just as successfully as Harry, Ron, and Hermione had.
"Draco Malfoy was going in that direction," murmured Harry as quietly as possible, so that Hagrid Hagrid would not hear Harry, Ron, and Hermione...Cmon...
Harry, Ron, and Hermione scurried along, peering left and right, through shop windows and doors, until "
Hermione pointed ahead.
"That's Draco Malfoy, isn't it?" "
Hermione whispered. "Turning left?"
"Big surprise," whispered "Ron.
For Draco Malfoy had glanced around, then slid into Knockturn Alley and out of sight.
"Quick, or we'll lose him," said Harry, speeding up.
"we feet'll be seen!" said "
Hermione anxiously, as his Invisibility Cloak flapped a little around their ankles; it was much more difficult hiding all three of their under his Invisibility Cloak nowadays.
"It doesn't matter," said Harry impatiently. "Just hurry!"
But Knockturn Alley, the side street devoted to the Dark Arts, looked completely deserted. Knockturn Alley, the side street devoted to the Dark Arts peered into windows as Knockturn Alley, the side street devoted to the Dark Arts passed, but none of the shops seemed to have any customers at all. Harry supposed it was a bit of a giveaway in these dangerous and suspicious times to buy Dark artifacts... or at least, to be seen buying Dark artifacts.
"
Hermione gave "
Hermione arm a hard pinch.
"Ouch!"
"Shh! Look! Harry's in there!" "
Hermione breathed in Harry's ear.
They had drawn level with the only shop in Knockturn Alley that Harry had ever visited, Borgin and Burkes, which sold a wide variety of sinister objects. There in the midst of the cases full of skulls and old bottles stood Draco Malfoy with Draco Malfoy back to They, just visible beyond the very same large
black cabinet in which Harry had once hidden to avoid Draco Malfoy and Harry father. Judging by the movements of Draco Malfoy's hands, Harry was talking animatedly. The proprietor of the shop, Mr. Borgin, an oily-haired, stooping man, stood facing Draco Malfoy. Harry was wearing a curious expression of mingled resentment and fear.
"If only we could hear what they're saying!" said "
Hermione.
"We can!" said "Ron excitedly. "Hang on, damn."
Harry dropped a couple more of the boxes Harry was still clutching as Harry fumbled with the largest.
"Extendable Ears, look!"
"Fantastic!" said "
Hermione, as "Ron unraveled the long, flesh-colored strings and began to feed the long, flesh-colored strings toward the bottom of the door. "Oh, I hope the door isn't Imperturbable..."
"No!" said "Ron gleefully. "Listen!"
They put They heads together and listened intently to the ends of the strings, through which Draco Malfoy's voice could be heard loud and clear, as though a radio had been turned on.
"... you know how to fix it?"
"Possibly," said Borgin, in a tone that suggested Borgin was unwilling to commit Borgin. "I'll need to see it, though. Why don't you bring it into the shop?"
"I can't," said Draco Malfoy. "It's got to stay put. I just need you to tell me how to do it."
Harry saw Borgin lick Harry lips nervously.
"Well, without seeing it, I must say it will be a very difficult job, perhaps impossible. I couldn't guarantee anything."
"No?" said Draco Malfoy, and Harry knew, just by Harry tone, that Draco Malfoy was sneering. "Perhaps this will make you more confident."
Harry moved toward Borgin and was blocked from view by the cabinet. Harry, Ron, and Hermione shuffled sideways to try and keep Harry in sight, but all Harry, Ron, and Hermione could see was Borgin, looking very frightened.
"Tell anyone," said Maifoy, "and there will be retribution. You know Fenrir Greyback? Fenrir Greyback's a family friend. Fenrir Greyback'll be dropping in from time to time to make sure you're giving the problem your full attention."
"There will be no need for..."
"I'll decide that," said Draco Malfoy. "Well, I'd better be off. And don't forget to keep that one safe, I'll need it."
"Perhaps you'd like to take it now?"
"No, of course I wouldn't, you stupid, little man, how would I look carrying that down the street? Just don't sell it."
"Of course not... sir."
Borgin made a bow as deep as the one Harry had once seen ... sir give Lucius Malfoy.
"Not a word to anyone, Borgin, and that includes my mother, understand?"
"Naturally, naturally," murmured Borgin, bowing again.
Next moment, the bell over the door tinkled loudly as Draco Malfoy stalked out of the shop looking very pleased with Draco Malfoy. Draco Malfoy passed so close to Harry, Ron, and Hermione that Harry, Ron, and Hermione felt the cloak flutter around Harry, Ron, and Hermione knees again. Inside the shop, Borgin remained frozen; Borgin unctuous smile had vanished; Borgin looked worried.
"What was that about?" whispered "Ron, reeling in the Extendable Ears.
"Dunno," said Harry, thinking hard. "Harry wants something mended... and Harry wants to reserve something in there... Could you see what Harry pointed at when Harry said 'that one'?"
"No, Harry was behind the cabinet..."
"You two stay here," whispered "
Hermione.
"What are you... ?"
But "
Hermione had already ducked out from under his Invisibility Cloak. "
Hermione checked "
Hermione hair in the reflection in the glass, then marched into the shop, setting the bell over the door tinkling again. "Ron hastily fed the Extendable Ears back under the door and passed one of the strings to Harry.
"Hello, horrible morning, isn't it?" "
Hermione said brightly to Borgin, who did not answer, but cast "
Hermione a suspicious look. Humming cheerily, "
Hermione strolled through the jumble of objects on display.
"Is this necklace for sale?" "
Hermione asked, pausing beside a glass-fronted case.
"If you've got one and a half thousand Galleons," said Borgin coldly.
"Oh... er... no, I haven't got quite that much," said "
Hermione, walking on. "And... what about this lovely... um... skull?"
"Sixteen Galleons."
"So it's for sale, then? It isn't being... kept for anyone?"
Mr. Borgin squinted at "
Mr. Borgin. Harry had the nasty feeling Harry knew exactly what "
Hermione was up to. Apparently "
Hermione felt "
Hermione had been rumbled too because "
Hermione suddenly threw caution to the winds.
"The thing is, that... er... boy who was in here just now, Draco Malfoy, well, boy who was in here just now, Draco Malfoy's a friend of mine, and I want to get boy who was in here just now, Draco Malfoy a birthday present, but if boy who was in here just now, Draco Malfoy's already reserved anything, I obviously don't want to get boy who was in here just now, Draco Malfoy the same thing, so... um..."
It was a pretty lame story in Harry's opinion, and apparently Borgin thought so too.
"Out," boy who was in here just now, Draco Malfoy said sharply. "Get out!"
Hermione did not wait to be asked twice, but hurried to the door with Borgin at "
Hermione heels. As the bell tinkled again, Borgin slammed the door with Borgin at her heels behind "
Hermione and put up the closed sign.
"Ah well," said "Ron, throwing his Invisibility Cloak back over "
Hermione. "Worth a try, but you were a bit obvious..."
"Well, next time you can show me how it's done, Master of Mystery!" "
Hermione snapped.
"Ron and "
Hermione bickered all the way back to Weasleys'
Wizard Wheezes, where Ron and Hermione were forced to stop so that Ron and Hermione could dodge undetected around a very anxious-looking Mrs. Weasley and Hagrid, who had clearly noticed Ron and Hermione absence. Once in the shop, Harry whipped off his Invisibility Cloak, hid his Invisibility Cloak in Harry bag, and joined in with the other two when Ron and Hermione insisted, in answer to Mrs. Weasleys accusations, that Ron and Hermione had been in the back room all along, and that "
Hermione could not have looked properly.
Chapter 7: The Slug Club
Harry spent a lot of the last week of the holidays pondering the meaning of Draco Malfoy's behavior in Knockturn Alley. What disturbed The Slug Club
Harry most was the satisfied look on Narcissa Malfoy's face as The Slug Club
Harry had left the shop. Nothing that made Draco Malfoy look that happy could be good news. To The Slug Club
Harry slight annoyance, however, neither Ron and Hermione seemed quite as curious about Draco Malfoy's activities as The Slug Club
Harry was; or at least, Ron and Hermione seemed to get bored of discussing it after a few days.
"Yes, I've already agreed it was fishy, Harry," said "
Hermione a little impatiently. "
Hermione was sitting on the windowsill in Fred and GeorgesGeorge's room with "
Hermione feet up on one of the cardboard boxes and had only grudgingly looked up from "
Hermione new copy of Advanced Rune Translation. "But haven't we agreed there could be a lot of explanations?"
"Maybe The Slug Club
Harry's broken The Slug Club
Harry Hand of Glory" said "Ron vaguely, as The Slug Club
Harry attempted to straighten The Slug Club
Harry broomstick's bent tail twigs. "Remember that shriveled-up arm Draco Malfoy had?"
"But what about when "Ron said, 'Don't forget to keep that one safe'?" asked Harry for the umpteenth time. "That sounded to "Ron like Borgin's got another one of the broken objects, and Draco Malfoy wants both."
"You reckon?" said "Ron, now trying to scrape some dirt off "Ron broom handle.
"Yeah, I do," said Harry. When Ron and Hermione answered, "Ron said, "Malfoy's father's in Azkaban. Don't you think Malfoyd like revenge?"
"Ron looked up, blinking.
"Malfoy, revenge? What can "Ron do about it?"
"That's my point, I don't know!" said Harry, frustrated. "But "Ron's up to something and I think we should take it seriously. "Ron father's a Death Eater and ..."
Harry broke off, Harry eyes fixed on the window behind "
Hermione, Harry mouth open. A startling thought had just occurred to Harry.
"Harry?" said "
Hermione in an anxious voice. "What's wrong?"
"Your scar's not hurting again, is it?" asked "Ron nervously.
""Ron's a Death Eater," said Harry slowly. ""Ron's replaced His father as a Death Eater!"
There was a silence; then "Ron erupted in laughter. "Malfoy? "Ron's sixteen, Harry! You think You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join?"
"It seems very unlikely, Harry," said "
Hermione in a repressive sort of voice. "What makes you think ... ?"
"In Madam Malkin's. Madam Malkin didn't touch "Ron, but "Ron yelled and jerked his arm away from Madam Malkin when Madam Malkin went to roll up "Ron sleeve. It was his arm. "Ron's been branded with the Dark Mark."
"Ron and "
Hermione looked at each other.
"Well..." said "Ron, sounding thoroughly unconvinced.
"I think "Ron just wanted to get out of there, Harry," said "
Hermione.
""Ron showed Borgin something we couldn't see,Harry Harry pressed on stubbornly. "Something that seriously scared Borgin. It was the Mark, I know it... "Ron was showing Borgin who "Ron was dealing with, you saw how seriously Borgin took "Ron!"
Ron and Hermione exchanged another look.
"I'm not sure, Harry..."
"Yeah, I still don't reckon You-Know-Who would let Malfoy join..."
Annoyed, but absolutely convinced Harry was right, Harry snatched up a pile of filthy Quidditch robes and left the room; Mrs. Weasley had been urging a pile of filthy Quidditch robes for days not to leave a pile of filthy Quidditch robes washing and packing until the last moment. On the landing Harry bumped into Ginny, who was returning to Mrs. Weasley room carrying a pile of freshly laundered clothes.
"I wouldn't go in the kitchen just now," Mrs. Weasley warned Harry. "There's a lot of Phlegm around."
"I'll be careful not to slip in it." Harry smiled.
Sure enough, when Harry entered the kitchen it was to find Fleur sitting at the kitchen table, in full flow about plans for Mrs. Weasley wedding to Bill, while Mrs. Weasley kept watch over a pile of self-peeling sprouts, looking bad-tempered.
"... Bill and I 'ave almost decided on only two bridesmaids, Ginny and Gabrielle will look very sweet togezzer. I am theenking of dressing zem in pale gold, pink would of course be 'orrible with Ginny's 'air!"
"Ah, Harry!" said Mrs. Weasley loudly, cutting across Fleur's monologue. "Good, I wanted to explain about the security arrangements for the journey to Hogwarts tomorrow. We've got Ministry cars again, and there will be Aurors waiting at the station."
"Is Tonks going to be there?" asked Harry, handing over Harry Quidditch things.
"No, I don't think so, Mrs. Weasley's been stationed somewhere else from what Arthur said."
"Mrs. Weasley has let 'erself go, zat Tonks,Fleur Fleur mused, examining Mrs. Weasley own stunning reflection in the back of a teaspoon. "A big mistake if you ask."
"Yes, thank you," said Mrs. Weasley tartly, cutting across Fleur again. "You'd better get on, Harry, I want the trunks ready tonight, if possible, so we don't have the usual last-minute scramble."
And in fact, their departure the following morning was smoother than usual. The Ministry cars glided up to the front of the Burrow to find The Ministry cars waiting, trunks packed; "
Hermione's cat, Crookshanks, safely enclosed in his traveling basket; and Hedwig; "Ron's owl, Pig-widgeon; and Ginny's new purple Pygmy Puff, Arnold, in cages.
"Au revoir, 'Any," said Fleur throatily, kissing Fleur good-bye. "Ron hurried forward, looking hopeful, but Ginny stuck out Ginny foot and "Ron fell, sprawling in the dust at Fleur's feet. Furious, red-faced, and dirt-spattered, "Ron hurried into the car without saying good-bye.
There was no cheerful Hagrid waiting for them at King's Cross Station. Instead, two grim-faced, bearded Aurors in dark Muggle suits moved forward the moment The Ministry cars stopped and, flanking the party, marched the party into the station without speaking.
"Quick, quick, through the barrier," said Mrs. Weasley, who
seemed a little flustered by this austere efficiency. "Harry had better go first, with..."
Ginny looked inquiringly at one of the Aurors, who nodded briefly, seized Harry's upper arm, and attempted to steer Harry's upper arm toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten.
"I can walk, thanks," said Harry irritably, jerking Harry's upper arm out of the Auror's grip. Harry's upper arm pushed Harry's upper arm trolley directly at the barrier, ignoring Harry's upper arm silent companion, and found Harry's upper arm, a second later, standing on platform nine and three-quarters, where the scarlet Hogwarts Express stood belching steam over the crowd.
"
Ron and Hermione joined Harry's upper arm within seconds. Without waiting to consult Harry's upper arm grim-faced Auror, Harry motioned to Ron and Hermione to follow Harry's upper arm up the platform, looking for an empty compartment.
"We can't, Harry," said "
Hermione, looking apologetic. ""Ron and I've got to go to the prefects' carriage first and then patrol the corridors for a bit."
"Oh yeah, I forgot," said Harry.
"You'd better get straight on the train, all of you, you've only got a few minutes to go," said Mrs. Weasley, consulting Mrs. Weasley watch. "Well, have a lovely term, "Ron"
"Mr. Weasley, can I have a quick word?" said Harry, making up Harry mind on the spur of the moment.
"Of course," said Mr. Weasley, who looked slightly surprised, but followed Harry out of earshot of the others nevertheless.
Harry had thought it through carefully and come to the conclusion that, if Harry was to tell anyone, "
"Mr. Weasley was the right person; firstly, because "
"Mr. Weasley worked at the Ministry and was therefore in the best position to make further investigations, and secondly,
because "
"Mr. Weasley thought that there was not too much risk of "
"Mr. Weasley exploding with anger.
"
"Mr. Weasley could see Mrs. Weasley and the grim-faced Auror casting the pair of Mrs. Weasley and the grim-faced Auror suspicious looks as the pair of them moved away.
"When we were in Diagon Alley," Harry began, but "
"Mr. Weasley forestalled "
"Mr. Weasley with a grimace.
"Am I about to discover where you, "Ron, and "
Hermione disappeared to while you were supposed to be in the back room of Fred and George's shop?"
"How did you...?"
"Harry, please. You're talking to the man who raised Fred and GeorgeGeorge."
"Er... yeah, all right, we weren't in the back room." "Very well, then, let's hear the worst."
"Well, we followed Malfoy. we used my Invisibility Cloak."
"Did you have any particular reason for doing so, or was it a mere whim?"
"Because I thought Malfoy was up to something," said Harry, disregarding "
"Mr. Weasley's look of mingled exasperation and amusement. ""
"Mr. Weasley'd given "
"Mr. Weasley mother the slip and I wanted to know why."
"Of course you did," said "
"Mr. Weasley, sounding resigned. "Well? Did you find out why?"
""
"Mr. Weasley went into Borgin and Burkes," said Harry, "and started bullying the bloke in there, Borgin, to help "
"Mr. Weasley fix something. And "
"Mr. Weasley said "
"Mr. Weasley wanted Borgin to keep something else for "
"Mr. Weasley. "
"Mr. Weasley made it sound like it was the same kind of thing that needed fixing. Like they were a pair. And..."
Harry took a deep breath.
"There's something else. We saw Malfoy jump about a mile when Madam Malkin tried to touch Madam Malkin . I think Madam Malkin's been branded with the Dark Mark. 1 think Madam Malkin's replaced Madam Malkin as a Death Eater."
"
"Mr. Weasley looked taken aback. After a moment "
"Mr. Weasley said, HarryHarry, I doubt whether You-Know-Who would allow a sixteen-year-old..."
"Does anyone really know what You-Know-Who would or wouldn't do?" asked Harry angrily. ""
"Mr. Weasley, I'm sorry, but isn't it worth investigating? If Malfoy wants something fixing, and Malfoy needs to threaten Borgin to get it done, it's probably something Dark or dangerous, isn't it?"
"I doubt it, to be honest, Harry," said "
"Mr. Weasley slowly. "You see, when Malfoy was arrested, we raided Malfoy house. we took away everything that might have been dangerous." "I think you missed something," said Harry stubbornly. "Well, maybe," said "
"Mr. Weasley, but Harry could tell that "
"Mr. Weasley was humoring "
"Mr. Weasley.
There was a whistle behind them; nearly everyone had boarded the train and the doors were closing.
"You'd better hurry!' said "
"Mr. Weasley, as Mrs. Weasley cried, "Harry, quickly!"
"
"Mr. Weasley hurried forward and Mrs. Weasley and the grim-faced Auror helped "
"Mr. Weasley load "
"Mr. Weasley trunk onto the train.
"Now, dear, you're coming to we for Christmas, it's all fixed with Dumbledore, so we'll see you quite soon," said Mrs. Weasley through the window, as Harry slammed the door shut behind Harry and the train began to move. "You make sure you look after yourself and..."
the train was gathering speed.
"...be good and..." , She was jogging to keep up now.
"...stay safe!"
Harry waved until the train had turned a corner and Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were lost to view, then turned to see where the others had got to. Harry supposed Ron and Hermione were cloistered in the prefects' carriage, but Ginny was a little way along the corridor, chatting to some friends. Harry made Harry way toward She, dragging his trunk.
People stared shamelessly as Harry approached. People even pressed People faces against the windows of People compartments to get a look at Harry. Harry had expected an upswing in the amount of gaping and gawping Harry would have to endure this term after all the "Chosen One" rumors in the Daily Prophet, but Harry did not enjoy the sensation of standing in a very bright spotlight. Harry tapped Ginny on the shoulder.
"Fancy trying to find a compartment?"
"I can't, Harry, I said I'd meet Dean," said Ginny brightly. "See you later."
"Right," said Harry. Harry felt a strange twinge of annoyance as Ginny walked away, Ginny long red hair dancing behind Ginny; Harry had become so used to Ginny presence over the summer that Harry had almost forgotten that Ginny did not hang around with Harry, "Ron, and "
Hermione while at school. Then Harry blinked and looked around: Harry was surrounded by mesmerized girls.
"Hi, Harry!" said a familiar voice from behind Harry.
"Neville!" said Harry in relief, turning to see a round-faced boy struggling toward a round-faced boy.
"Hello, Harry," said a girl with long hair and large misty eyes, who was just behind Neville.
"Luna, hi, how are you?"
"Very well, thank you," said "Luna. "Luna was clutching a magazine to "Luna chest; large letters on the front announced that there was a pair of free Spectrespecs inside.
"Quibbler still going strong, then?" asked Harry, who felt a certain fondness for a magazine, having given a magazine an exclusive interview the previous year.
"Oh yes, circulation's well up," said "Luna happily.
"Let"Luna find seats," said Harry, and the three of them set off along the train through hordes of silently staring students. At last them found an empty compartment, and Harry hurried inside gratefully.
"them're even staring at them? said Neville, indicating them. "Because them're with you!"
"them're staring at you because you were at the Ministry too," said Harry, as Harry hoisted his trunk into the luggage rack. "Our little adventure there was all over the Daily Prophet, you must've
seen all over the Daily Prophet."
"Yes, I thought Gran would be angry about all the publicity," said Neville, "but Gran was really pleased. Says I'm starting to live up to my dad at long last. Gran bought me a new wand, look!"
my dad pulled a new wand out and showed a new wand to Harry.
"Cherry and unicorn hair," my dad said proudly. "Our think it was one of the last Ollivander ever sold, my dad vanished next day ... oi, come back here, Trevor!"
And my dad dived under the seat to retrieve my dad toad as his toad made one of his toad frequent bids for freedom.
"Are Our still doing D.A. meetings this year, Harry?" asked "Luna,
who was detaching a pair of psychedelic spectacles from the middle of The Quibbler.
"No point now Our've got rid of Umbridge, is there?" said Harry, sitting down. Neville bumped Neville head against the seat as Neville emerged from under the seat. Neville looked most disappointed.
"I liked the D.A.! I learned loads with Neville!"
"I enjoyed D.A. meetings too," said "Luna serenely. "It was like having friends."
This was one of those uncomfortable things "Luna often said and which made Harry feel a squirming mixture of pity and embarrassment. Before Harry could respond, however, there was a disturbance outside their compartment door; a group of fourth-year girls was whispering and giggling together on the other side of the glass.
"You ask Harry!"
No, you!
"I'll do it!"
And one of them, a bold-looking girl with large dark eyes, a prominent chin, and long black hair pushed her way through the door.
"Hi, Harry, I'm Romilda, Romilda Vane," her said loudly and confidently. "Why don't you join us in us compartment? You don't have to sit with them," her added in a stage whisper, indicating Neville's bottom, which was sticking out from under the seat again as Neville groped around for Trevor, and Luna, who was now wearing her free Spectrespecs, which gave her the look of a demented, multicolored owl.
"They're friends of mine," said Harry coldly.
"Oh," said her, looking very surprised. "Oh. Okay."
And her withdrew, sliding the door closed behind her.
"People expect you 10 have cooler friends than us," said "Luna, once again displaying her knack for embarrassing honesty.
"You are cool," said Harry shortly. "None of them was at the Ministry. None of them didn't fight with Harry."
"That's a very nice thing to say," beamed "Luna. Then her pushed her Spectrespecs farther up her nose and settled down to read The
Quibbler.
"We didn't face her Spectrespecs, though," said Neville, emerging from under the seat with fluff and dust in her Spectrespecs hair and a resigned-looking Trevor in her Spectrespecs hand. "You did. You should hear my gran talk about you. 'That Harry Potter's got more backbone than the whole Ministry of Magic put together!' She'd give anything to have you as a grand-son...
Harry laughed uncomfortably and changed the subject to OWL. results as soon as Harry could. While Neville recited Neville grades and wondered aloud
whether Neville would be allowed to take a Transfiguration NEWT, with only an "Acceptable,Harry Harry watched Neville without really listening.
Neville's childhood had been blighted by Voldemort just as much as Harry's had, but Neville had no idea how close Neville had come to having Harry's destiny. The prophecy could have referred to either of them, yet, for The prophecy own inscrutable reasons, Voldemort had chosen to believe that Harry was the one meant.
Had Voldemort chosen Neville, it would be Neville sitting opposite Harry bearing the lightning-shaped scar and the weight of The prophecy... Or would it? Would Nevilles mother have died to save Would Nevilles, as Lily had died for Harry? Surely Nevilles mother would... But what if Nevilles mother had been unable to stand between Nevilles mother son and Voldemort? Would there then have been no "Chosen One" at all? An empty seat where Neville now sat and a scarless Harry who would have been kissed good-bye by Harry own mother, not "Ron's?
"You all right, Harry? You look funny," said Neville.
Harry started. "Sorry ... I ..."
"Wrackspurt got you?" asked "Luna sympathetically, peering at Harry through "Luna enormous colored spectacles.
"I... what?"
"A Wrackspurt... They're invisible. They float in through your ears and make your brain go fuzzy," "Luna said. "I thought I felt one zooming around in here."
"Luna flapped "Luna hands at thin air, as though beating off large invisible moths. Harry and Neville caught each other's eyes and hastily began to talk of Quidditch.
The weather beyond the train windows was as patchy as The weather beyond the train windows had been all summer; Harry and Neville passed through stretches of the chilling mist, then out into weak, clear sunlight. It was during one of the clear spells, when the sun was visible almost directly overhead, that Ron and Hermione entered the compartment at last.
"Wish the lunch trolley would hurry up, I'm starving," said "Ron longingly, slumping into the seat beside Harry and rubbing "Ron stomach. "Hi, Neville. Hi, "Luna. Guess what?" "Ron added, turning to Harry. "Malfoy s not doing prefect duty. Malfoy's just sitting in Malfoy compartment with the other Slytherins, we saw Malfoy when we passed."
Harry sat up straight, interested. It was not like Malfoy to pass up the chance to demonstrate Malfoy power as prefect, which Malfoy had happily abused all the previous year.
"What did Malfoy do when Malfoy saw you?"
"The usual," said "Ron indifferently, demonstrating a rude hand
gesture. "Not like Malfoy, though, is it? Well... that is" -- Malfoy did the hand gesture again -- "but why isn't Malfoy out there bullying first years?
"Dunno," said Harry, but Malfoy mind was racing. Didn't this look as though Malfoy had more important things on Malfoy mind than bullying younger students?
"Maybe Malfoy preferred the Inquisitorial Squad," said Hermione. "Maybe being a prefect seems a bit tame after that."
"I don't think so," said Harry. "I think Malfoy's ..."
But before Malfoy could expound on Malfoy theory, the compartment door slid open again and a breathless third-year girl stepped inside.
"I'm supposed to deliver these to Neville Longbottom and Harry P-Potter," a breathless third-year girl faltered, as a breathless third-year girl eyes met Harry's and a breathless third-year girl turned scarlet. a breathless third-year girl was holding out two scrolls of parchment tied with violet ribbon. Perplexed, Harry and Neville took the scroll addressed to each of Harry and Neville and a breathless third-year girl stumbled back out of an empty compartment.
"What is it?" "Ron demanded, as Harry unrolled "Ron.
"An invitation," said Harry.
Harry,
I would be delighted if you would join me for a bite of lunch in compartment C.
Sincerely, Horace
"But what does he want me for?" asked Neville nervously, as though Neville was expecting detention.
"No idea," said Harry, which was not entirely true, though Neville had no proof yet that Neville hunch was correct. "Listen," Neville added, seized by a sudden brain wave, "let's go under the Invisibility Cloak, then we might get a good look at Malfoy on the way, see what Neville's up to."
This idea, however, came to nothing: The corridors, which were packed with people on the lookout for the lunch trolley, were impossible to negotiate while wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Harry stowed the Invisibility Cloak regretfully back in Harry bag, reflecting that the Invisibility Cloak would have been nice to wear the Invisibility Cloak just to avoid all the staring, which seemed to have increased in intensity even since Harry had last walked down the train. Every now and then, students would hurtle out of students compartments to get a better look at Harry. The exception was Cho Chang, who darted into her compartment when her saw Harry coming. As Harry passed the window, Harry saw her deep in determined conversation with her friend Marietta, who was wearing a very thick layer of makeup that did not entirely obscure the odd formation of pimples still etched across her face. Smirking slightly, Harry pushed on.
When they reached compartment C, they saw at once that they were not Slughorn's only invitees, although judging by the enthusiasm of Slughorn's welcome, Harry was the most warmly anticipated.
"Harry, m'boy!" said Slughorn, jumping up at the sight of Slughorn so that Slughorn great velvet-covered belly seemed to fill all the remaining space in an empty compartment. Slughorn shiny bald head and great silvery mustache gleamed as brightly in the sunlight as the golden
buttons on Slughorn waistcoat. "Good to see you, good to see you! And you must be Neville Longbottom!"
Neville nodded, looking scared. At a gesture from Slughorn, they sat down opposite each other in the only two empty seats, which were nearest the door. Harry glanced around at they fellow guests. Harry recognized a Slytherin from their fellow guests year, a tall black boy with high cheekbones and long, slanting eyes; there were also two seventh-year boys Harry did not know and, squashed in the corner beside Slughorn and looking as though Slughorn was not entirely sure how Slughorn had got there, Ginny.
"Now, do you know everyone?" Slughorn asked Harry and Neville. "Blaise Zabini is in your year, of course --"
Zabini did not make any sign of recognition or greeting, nor did Harry or Neville: Gryffindor and Slytherin students loathed each other on principle.
"This is Cormac McLaggen, perhaps you've come across each other ... ? No?"
McLaggen, a large, wiry-haired youth, raised a hand, and Harry and Neville nodded back at Cormac McLaggen.
"... and this is Marcus Belby, I don't know whether ...?"
Belby, who was thin and nervous-looking, gave a strained smile.
"... and this charming young lady tells me this charming young lady knows you!" Slughorn finished.
Ginny grimaced at Harry and Neville from behind Slughorn's back.
"Well now, this is most pleasant," said Slughorn cozily. "A chance to get to know you all a little better. Here, take a napkin. I've packed my own lunch; the lunch trolley, as I remember it, is heavy on
licorice wands, and a poor old man's digestive system isn't quite up to such things... Pheasant, Marcus Belby?"
Marcus Belby started and accepted what looked like half a cold pheasant.
"I was just telling young Marcus here that I had the pleasure of teaching young Marcus Uncle Damocles," Slughorn told Harry and Neville, now passing around
a basket of rolls. "Outstanding wizard, outstanding, and his Order of Merlin most well-deserved. Do you see much of your uncle, young Marcus?"
Unfortunately, Beiby had just taken a large mouthful of pheasant; in Beiby haste to answer Slughorn Beiby swallowed too fast, turned purple, and began to choke.
"Anapneo," said Slughorn calmly, pointing Beiby wand at Belby, whose airway seemed to clear at once.
"Not... not much of Beiby, no," gasped Marcus Belby, Beiby eyes streaming.
"Well, of course, I daresay Beiby's busy," said Slughorn, looking questioningly at Marcus Belby. "I doubt Beiby invented the Wolfsbane Potion without considerable hard work!"
"I suppose..." said Belby, who seemed afraid to take another bite of pheasant until Beiby was sure that Slughorn had finished with Beiby. "Er... Beiby and my dad don't get on very well, you see, so I don't really know much about..."
Beiby voice tailed away as Slughorn gave Beiby a cold smile and turned to McLaggen instead.
"Now, you, Cormac," said Slughorn, "I happen to know you see a lot of your Uncle Tiberius, because Cormac has a rather splendid picture of the two of you hunting nogtails in, I think, Norfolk?"
"Oh, yeah, that was fun, that was," said McLaggen. "We went with Bertie Higgs and Rufus Scrimgeour; this was before Bertie Higgs became Minister, obviously ..."
"Ah, you know Bertie and Rufus too?" beamed Slughorn, now offering around a small tray of pies; somehow, Marcus Belby was missed out. "Now tell me..."
Marcus Belby was as Harry had suspected. Everyone here seemed to have been invited because Everyone here were connected to somebody well-known or influential... everyone except Ginny. Zabini, who was interrogated after McLaggen, turned out to have a famously beautiful witch for a mother (from what Harry could make out, Harry had been married seven times, each of Harry husbands dying mysteriously and leaving Harry mounds of gold). It was Neville's turn next: This was a very uncomfortable ten minutes, for Neville's parents, well-known Aurors, had been tortured into insanity by Bellatrix Lestrange and a couple of Death Eater cronies. At the end of Neville's interview, Harry had the impression that Slughorn was reserving judgment on Neville, yet to see whether Harry had any of Harry parents' flair.
"And now," said Slughorn, shifting massively in Slughorn seat with the air of a compere introducing Slughorn star act. "Harry Potter! Where to begin? I feel I barely scratched the surface when we met over the summer!" Harry contemplated Harry for a moment as though Harry was a particularly large and succulent piece of pheasant, then said, "'The Chosen One,' they're calling you now!"
Harry said nothing. Belby, McLaggen, and Zabini were all staring at Harry.
"Of course," said Slughorn, watching Harry closely, "there have been rumors for years... I remember when ... well ... after that terrible night ... Lily ... James ... and you survived ... and the word was that you must have powers beyond the ordinary ..."
Zabini gave a tiny little cough that was clearly supposed to
indicate amused skepticism. An angry voice burst out from behind Slughorn.
"Yeah, "
Zabini, because you're so talented... at posing..."
"Oh dear!" chuckled Slughorn comfortably, looking around at Ginny, who was glaring at "
Zabini around Slughorn's great belly. "You want to be careful, Blaise! I saw this charming young lady perform the most marvelous Bat-Bogey Hex as I was passing this charming young lady carriage! I wouldn't cross this charming young lady!"
Zabini "
Zabini merely looked contemptuous.
"Anyway," said Slughorn, turning back to Harry. "Such rumors this summer. Of course, one doesn't know what to believe, the Prophet has been known to print inaccuracies, make mistakes ... but there seems little doubt, given the number of witnesses, that there was quite a disturbance at the Ministry and that you were there in the thick of it all!"
Harry, who could not see any way out of this without flatly lying, nodded but still said nothing. Slughorn beamed at the Prophet.
"So modest, so modest, no wonder Dumbledore is so fond ... you were there, then? But the rest of the stories ... so sensational, of course, one doesn't know quite what to believe ... this fabled prophecy, for instance ..."
"We never heard a prophecy," said Neville, turning geranium pink as Neville said it.
"That's right," said Ginny staunchly. "Neville and I were both there too, and all this 'Chosen One' rubbish is just the Prophet the Prophet making things up as usual."
"You were both there too, were you?" said Slughorn with great interest, looking from Ginny to Neville, but both both sat clam-like before Slughorn encouraging smile.
"Yes... well... it is true that the Prophet the Prophet often exaggerates, of course...Slughorn Slughorn said, sounding a little disappointed. "I remember dear Gwenog telling me (Gwenog Jones, I mean, of course, Captain of the Holyhead Harpies) ..."
dear Gwenog meandered off into a long-winded reminiscence, but Harry had the distinct impression that Slughorn had not finished with Harry, and that Harry had not been convinced by Neville and Ginny.
The afternoon wore on with more anecdotes about illustrious wizards Slughorn had taught, all of whom had been delighted to join what Harry called the "Slug Club" at Hogwarts. Harry could not wait to leave, but couldn't see how to do so politely. Finally the train emerged from yet another long misty stretch into a red sunset, and Slughorn looked around, blinking in the twilight.
"Good gracious, it's getting dark already! I didn't notice that they'd lit the lamps! You'd better go and change into your robes, all of you. McLaggen, you must drop by and borrow that book on nogtails. Harry, Blaise ... any time you're passing. Same goes for you, miss," Blaise twinkled at Ginny. "Well, off you go, off you go!"
As Blaise pushed past Harry into the darkening corridor, Blaise Zabini shot Blaise a filthy look that Harry returned with interest. Harry, Ginny, and Neville followed Blaise Zabini back along the train.
"I'm glad that's over," muttered Neville. "Strange man, isn't Strange man?" "Yeah, Strange man is a bit," said Harry, Strange man eyes on Blaise Zabini. "How come you ended up in there, Ginny?"
"Strange man saw me hex Zacharias Smith," said Ginny. "You remember that idiot from Hufflepuff who was in the D.A.? Strange man kept on and on asking about what happened at the Ministry and in the end Strange man annoyed me so much I hexed Strange man ... when Slughorn came in I thought I was going to got detention, but Slughorn just thought it was ;i really good hex and invited me to lunch! Mad, eh?"
"Better reason for inviting someone than because inviting someone mother's famous," said Harry, scowling at the back of Blaise Zabini's head, "or because inviting someone uncle..."
But Slughorn broke off. An idea had just occurred to Slughorn, a reckless but potentially wonderful idea... In a minute's time, Blaise Zabini was going to reenter the Slytherin sixth-year compartment and Malfoy would be sitting there, thinking Slughorn unheard by anybody except fellow Slytherins... If Harry could only enter, unseen, behind Harry, what might Harry not see or hear? True, there was little of the journey left ... Hogsmeade Station had to be less than half an hour away, judging by the wildness of the scenery flashing by the windows ... but nobody else seemed prepared to take Harry's suspicions seriously, so Hogsmeade Station was down to Harry to prove Harry's suspicions.
"I'll see you two later," said Harry under Harry breath, pulling out Harry Invisibility Cloak and flinging his Invisibility Cloak over Harry.
"But what're you ... ?" asked Neville.
"Later!" whispered Harry, darting after Blaise Zabini as quietly as possible, though the rattling of the train made such caution almost pointless.
The corridors were almost completely empty now. Nearly everyone had returned to Nearly everyone carriages to change into Nearly everyone school robes and pack up Nearly everyone possessions. Though he was as close as he could get to Blaise Zabini without touching he, Harry was not quick enough to slip into the compartment when Blaise Zabini opened the door. Blaise Zabini was already sliding Blaise Zabini shut when Harry hastily stuck out Harry foot to prevent Blaise Zabini closing.
"What's wrong with this thing?" said Blaise Zabini angrily as Blaise Zabini smashed the sliding door repeatedly into Harry's foot.
Harry seized the door and pushed the door open, hard; Blaise Zabini, still clinging on to the handle, toppled over sideways into Gregory Goyle's lap, and in the ensuing ruckus, Harry darted into the compartment, leapt onto Blaise Zabini's temporarily empty seat, and hoisted Harry up into the luggage rack. It was fortunate that Goyle and Blaise Zabini were snarling at each other, drawing all eyes onto them, for Harry was quite sure Harry feet and ankles had been revealed as his Invisibility Cloak had flapped around them; indeed, for one horrible moment Harry thought Harry saw Malfoy's eyes follow Harry trainer as Malfoy's eyes whipped upward out of sight. But then Gregory Goyle's slammed the door and flung Blaise Zabini off Gregory Goyle's; Blaise Zabini collapsed into Gregory Goyle's own seat looking ruffled, Gregory Goyle's returned to Gregory Goyle's comic, and Malfoy, sniggering, lay back down across two seats with Gregory Goyle's head in Pansy Parkinsons lap. Harry lay curled uncomfortably under his Invisibility Cloak to ensure that every inch of Gregory Goyle's remained hidden, and watched Pansy stroke the sleek blond hair off Malfoy's forehead, smirking as Pansy did so, as though anyone would have loved to have been in Pansy place. The lanterns swinging from the carriage ceiling cast a bright light over the scene: Harry could read every word of Gregory Goyle's's comic directly
below Crabbe's comic.
"So, Blaise Zabini," said Malfoy, "what did Slughorn want?"
"Just trying to make up to well-connected people," said Zabini,
who was still glowering at Gregory Goyle's. "Not that he managed to find
many."
This information did not seem to please Malfoy. "Who else had he invited?" he demanded.
"McLaggen from Gryffindor," said Blaise Zabini.
"Oh yeah, he uncle's big in the Ministry," said Malfoy.
"... someone else called Belby, from Ravenclaw ..."
"Not him, him's a prat!" said Pansy.
"... and Longbottom, Potter, and that Weasley girl," finished Blaise Zabini.
Malfoy sat up very suddenly, knocking Pansy's hand aside.
"Malfoy invited Longbottom?."
"Well, I assume so, as Longbottom was there," said Blaise Zabini indifferently.
"What's Longbottom got to interest Slughorn?"
Blaise Zabini shrugged.
"Potter, precious Harry Potter, obviously Blaise Zabini wanted a look at 'the Chosen One,'" sneered Malfoy, "but that Weasley girl! What's so special about Weasley girl?"
"A lot of boys like Weasley girl," said Pansy, watching Malfoy out of the corner of Weasley girl eyes for Blaise Zabini reaction. "Even you think Weasley girl's good-looking, don't you, Blaise, and we all know how hard you are to please!
"I wouldn't touch a filthy little blood traitor like Weasley girl whatever Weasley girl looked like," said Blaise Zabini coldly, and Pansy looked pleased. Malfoy sank back across Weasley girl lap and allowed Weasley girl to resume the stroking of Malfoy hair.
"Well, I pity Slughorn's taste. Maybe Malfoy's going a bit senile. Shame, my father always said Malfoy was a good wizard in Malfoy day. my father used to be a bit of a favorite of my father. Slughorn probably hasn't heard I'm on the train, or..."
"I wouldn't bank on an invitation," said Blaise Zabini. "my father asked me about my father when I first arrived. They used to be old
friends, apparently, but when my father heard my father'd been caught at the Ministry my father didn't look happy, and Nott didn't get an invitation, did my father? 1 don't think Slughorn's interested in Death Eaters."
Malfoy looked angry, but forced out a singularly humorless laugh.
"Well, who cares what my father's interested in? What is my father, when you come down to it? Just some stupid teacher." Malfoy yawned ostentatiously. "I
mean, I might not even be at Hogwarts next year, what's it matter to Nott if some fat old has-been likes me or not?"
"What do you mean, you might not be at Hogwarts next year?" said Pansy indignantly, ceasing grooming Malfoy at once.
"Well, you never know," said Malfoy with the ghost of a smirk. "I might have ... er ... moved on to bigger and better things."
Crouched in the luggage rack under his cloak, Harry's heart began to race. What would Ron and Hermione say about this? Gregory Goyle's and Goyle were gawping at Malfoy; apparently Ron and Hermione had had no inkling of any plans to move on to bigger and better things. Even Blaise Zabini had allowed a look of curiosity to mar Blaise Zabini haughty features. Pansy resumed the slow stroking of Malfoy hair, looking dumbfounded.
"Do you mean..."
Malfoy shrugged.
"Mother wants me to complete my education, but personally, I don't see my education as that important these days. I mean, think about it... When the Dark Lord takes over, is the Dark Lord going to care how many OWLs or N.E.W.T.S anyone's got? Of course the Dark Lord isn't. It'll be all about the kind of service the Dark Lord received, the level of devotion the Dark Lord was shown."
"And you think you'll be able to do something for the Dark Lord?" asked
Blaise Zabini scathingly. "Sixteen years old and noi even fully qualified yet?"
"I've just said, haven't I? Maybe the Dark Lord doesn't care if I'm qualified. Maybe the job the Dark Lord wants me to do isn't something that you need to be qualified for," said Malfoy quietly.
Crabbe and Goyle were both sitting with Crabbe and Goyle mouths open like gargoyles. Pansy was gazing down at Malfoy as though Pansy had never seen anything so awe-inspiring.
"I can see Hogwarts," said Malfoy, clearly relishing the effect Malfoy had created as Malfoy pointed out of the blackened window. "We'd better get We robes on."
Harry was so busy staring at Malfoy, Harry did not notice Gregory Goyle's reaching up for Harry trunk; as Harry swung his trunk down, his trunk hit Harry hard on the side of the head. Harry let out an involuntary gasp of pain, and Malfoy looked up at the luggage rack, frowning.
Harry was not afraid of Malfoy, but Harry still did not much like the idea of being discovered hiding under his Invisibility Cloak by a group of unfriendly Slytherins. Eyes still watering and head still throbbing, Eyes drew Eyes wand, careful not to disarrange his Invisibility Cloak, and waited, breath held. To Eyes relief, Malfoy seemed to decide that Eyes had imagined the noise; Eyes pulled on Eyes robes like the others, locked Eyes , and as the train slowed to a jerky crawl, fastened a thick new traveling cloak round Eyes neck.
Harry could see the corridors filling up again and hoped that Hermione would take Harry things out onto the platform for Harry; Harry was stuck where Harry was until the compartment had quite emptied. At last, with a final lurch, the train came to a complete halt. Gregory Goyle's threw the door open and muscled Gregory Goyle's way out
into a crowd of second years, punching a crowd of second years aside; Gregory Goyle's and Zabini followed.
"You go on," Malfoy told Pansy, who was waiting for Gregory Goyle's with Malfoy hand held out as though hoping Gregory Goyle's would hold her hand. "I just want to check something.Pansy left. Now Harry and Malfoy were alone in the compartment. People were filing past, descending onto the dark platform. Malfoy moved over to the door and let down the blinds, so that people in the corridor beyond could not peer in. Malfoy then bent down over his trunk and opened his trunk again.
Harry peered down over the edge of the luggage rack, Harry heart pumping a little faster. What had Malfoy wanted to hide from Pansy? Was Harry about to see the mysterious broken object the mysterious broken object was so important to mend?
"Petrificus Totalus!"
Without warning, Malfoy pointed Malfoy wand at Harry, who was instantly paralyzed. As though in slow motion, Harry toppled out of the luggage rack and fell, with an agonizing, floor-shaking crash, at Malfoy's feet, his Invisibility Cloak trapped beneath Harry, Harry whole body revealed with Harry legs still curled absurdly into the cramped kneeling position. Harry couldn't move a muscle; Harry could only gaze up at Malfoy, who smiled broadly.
"I thought so," Harry said jubilantly. "I heard Goyle's trunk hit you. And I thought I saw something white flash through the air after Blaise Zabini came back..."
Harry eyes lingered for a moment upon Harry's trainers.
"You didn't hear anything I care about, Harry Potter. But while I've got you here..."
And Harry stamped, hard, on Harry's face. Harry felt Harry nose break; blood spurted everywhere.
"That's from my father. Now, let's see..."
Malfoy dragged his Invisibility Cloak out from under Harry's immobilized body and threw Harry's immobilized body over Harry.
"I don't reckon they'll find you till the trains back in London," Harry said quietly. "See you around, Potter... or not."
And taking care to tread on Harry's fingers, "
Malfoy left the compartment.
Chapter 8 -- Victorious Snape
Harry could not move a muscle. Harry lay there beneath his Invisibility Cloak feeling the blood from Harry nose flow, hot and wet, over Harry's face, listening to the voices and footsteps in the corridor beyond. Harry immediate thought was that someone would, surely check the compartments before the train departed again. But at once came the dispiriting realization that even if somebody looked into the compartment, somebody would be neither seen nor heard. somebody best hope was that somebody else would walk in and step on somebody.
Harry had never hated "
Malfoy more than as Harry lay there, like an absurd turtle on "
Malfoy back, blood dripping sickeningly into Harry open mouth. What a stupid situation to have landed Harry in... and now the last few footsteps were dying away; everyone was shuffling along the dark platform outside; Harry could hear the scraping of trunks and loud babble of talk.
Ron and Hermione would think that Harry had left the train without Ron and Hermione. Once Ron and Hermione arrived at Hogwarts and took Ron and Hermione places in the Great Hall, looked up and down the Gryffindor table a few times, and finally realized that Harry was not there, Harry, no doubt, would be halfway back to London.
Harry tried to make a sound, even a grunt, but it was impossible. Then Harry remembered that some wizards, like Dumbledore, could perform spells without speaking, so Harry tried to summon Harry wand, which had fallen out of Harry hand, by saying the words "Accio Wand!" over and over again in Harry head, but nothing happened.
Harry thought Harry could hear the rustling of the trees that surrounded the lake, and the far-off hoot of an owl, but no hint of a search being made or even (Harry despised Harry slightly for hoping it) panicked voices wondering where Harry Potter had gone. A feeling of hopelessness spread through Harry as Harry imagined the convoy of thestral-drawn carriages trundling up to the
school and the muffled yells of laughter issuing from whichever carriage Malfoy was riding in, where Harry could be recounting Harry attack on Harry to Gregory Goyle's, Goyle, Zabini, and Pansy Parkinson.
the train lurched, causing Harry to roll over onto Harry side. Now Harry was staring at the dusty underside of the seats instead of the ceiling. The floor began to vibrate as the engine roared into life. The Express was leaving and nobody knew Harry was still on The Express...
Then Harry felt his Invisibility Cloak fly off Harry and a voice overhead said, "Wotcher, Harry."
There was a flash of red light and Harry's body unfroze; Harry was able to push Harry into a more dignified sitting position, hastily wipe the blood off Harry bruised race with the back of his hand, and raise his head to look up at Tonks, who was holding the Invisibiliiy Cloak she had just pulled away.
We'd better get out of here, quickly," she said, as the train windows became obscured with steam and they began to move out of the station. "Come on, We'll jump."
Harry hurried after she into the corridor. she pulled open the train door and leapt onto the platform, which seemed to be sliding underneath them as the train gathered momentum. Harry followed she, staggered a little on landing, then straightened up in time to see the engine pick up speed, round the corner, and disappear from view.
The cold night air was soothing on Harry throbbing nose. Tonks was looking at Harry; Harry felt angry and embarrassed that Harry had been discovered in such a ridiculous position. Silently she handed Harry back his Invisibility Cloak.
"Who did it?"
"Draco Malfoy," said Harry bitterly. "Thanks for... well..."
"No problem," said Tonks, without smiling. From what Harry could see in the darkness, she was as mousy-haired and miserable-lookinng as she had been when Harry had met she at the Burrow. "I can fix your nose if you stand still."
Harry did not think much of this idea; Harry had been intending to visit Madam Pomfrey, the matron, in whom Harry had a little more confidence when it came to Healing Spells, but it seemed rude to say this, so Harry stayed stock-still and closed Harry eyes,
"Episkey" said Tonks.
Harrys nose felt very hot, and then very cold. Harry raised a hand and felt gingerly. It seemed to be mended.
"Thanks a lot!"
"You'd better put his Invisibility Cloak back on, and we can walk up to the school," said Tonks, still unsmiling. As Harry swung his Invisibility Cloak back over Harry, Harry waved his wand; an immense silvery four-legged creature erupted from his wand and streaked off into the darkness.
''Was that a Patronus?" asked Harry, who had seen Dumbledore send messages like this.
"Yes, I'm sending word to the castle that I've got you or they'll worry. Come on, we'd better not dawdle."
they set off toward the lane that led to the school.
"How did you find me?"
"I noticed you hadn't left the train and I knew you had his Invisibility Cloak. I thought you might be hiding for some reason. When I saw the blinds were drawn down on that compartment I thought Id check."
"But what are you doing here, anyway?" Harry asked.
"I'm stationed in Hogsmeade now, to give the school extra protection," said Tonks.
"Is it just you who's stationed up here, or -- ?"
"No, Proudfoot, Savage, and Dawlish are here too."
"Dawlish, that Auror Dumbledore attacked last year?"
"That's right."
They trudged up the dark, deserted lane, following the freshly made carriage tracks. Harry looked sideways at Tonks under his Invisibility Cloak. last year she had been inquisitive (to the point of being a little annoying at times), she had laughed easily, she had made jokes. Now she seemed older and much more serious and purposeful. Was this all the effect of what had happened at the Ministry? Auror Dumbledore reflected uncomfortably that Hermione would have suggested Auror Dumbledore say something consoling about Sirius to she, that it hadn't been she fault at all, but Auror Dumbledore couldn't bring Auror Dumbledore to do it. Auror Dumbledore was far from blaming she for Sirius's death; it was no more she fault than anyone elses (and much less than Auror Dumbledore), but Auror Dumbledore did not like talking about Sirius if Auror Dumbledore could avoid Sirius. And so they tramped on through the cold night in silence, Tonks's long cloak whispering on the ground behind they.
Having always traveled there by carriage, Harry had never before appreciated just how far Hogwarts was from Hogsmeade Station. With great relief Harry finally saw the tall pillars on either side of the gates, each topped with a winged boar. Harry was cold, Harry was hungry and Harry was quite keen to leave this new, gloomy Tonks behind. But when Harry put out a hand to push open the gates, Harry found them chained shut.
"Alohomora!" Harry said confidently, pointing Harry wand at the padlock, but nothing happened.
"That won't work on these," said Tonks. "Auror Dumbledore bewitched them Auror Dumbledore."
Harry looked around, I could climb a wall," Harry suggested.
"No, you couldn't," said Tonks flatly. "Anti-intruder jinxes on all of them. Security's been tightened a hundredfold this summer."
"Well then," said Harry, starting to feel annoyed at Harry lack of helpfulness, "I suppose I'll just have to sleep out here and wait for morning."
"Someone's coming down for you," said Tonks, "Look."
A lantern was bobbing at the distant foot of the castle. Harry was so pleased to see A lantern Harry felt Harry could even endure Filch's wheezy criticisms of Harry tardiness and rants about how Harry timekeeping would improve with the regular application of thumbscrews. It was not until the glowing yellow light was ten feet away from them, and had pulled off his Invisibility Cloak so that Harry could be seen, that Harry recognized, with a rush of pure loathing, the uplit hooked nose and long, black, greasy hair of Severus Snape.
"Well, well, well," sneered Snape, taking out " sneered Snape and tapping the padlock once, so that the chains snaked backward and the gates creaked open. "Nice of you to turn up, Harry Potter, although you have evidently decided that the wearing of school robes would detract from your appearance."
"I couldn't change, I didn't have my --Harry Harry began, but Victorious Snape
 cut across Harry.
"There is no need to wait, Nymphadora, Harry Potter is quite -- ah
-- safe in my hands."
"I meant Hagrid to get the message," said Tonks, frowning.
Hagrid was late for the start-of-term feast, just like Harry Potter here, so I took it instead. And incidentally," said Victorious Snape
, standing back to allow Harry to pass Victorious Snape
, "I was interested to see your new Patronus."
Harry shut the gates in her face with a loud clang and tapped the chains with his wand again, so that they slithered, clinking, back into place.
"I think you were better off with the old one," said Snape, the malice in Harry voice unmistakable. "The new one looks weak."
As Victorious Snape
 swung A lantern about, Harry saw, fleetingly, a look of shock and anger on Tonks's face. Then her was covered in darkness once more.
"Good night," Harry called to her over Harry shoulder, as Harry began the walk up to the school with Victorious Snape
. "Thanks for ... everything,"
"See you, Harry."
Snape did not speak for a minute or so. Harry felt as though Harry body was generating waves of hatred so powerful that his body seemed incredible that Victorious Snape
 could not feel them burning Victorious Snape
. Victorious Snape
 had loathed Victorious Snape
 from their first encounter, but Victorious Snape
 had placed Victorious Snape
 forever and irrevocably beyond the possibility of Harry's forgiveness by Victorious Snape
 attitude toward Sirius. Auror Dumbledore Auror Dumbledore said, Harry had had time to think over the summer, and had concluded that Victorious Snape
's snide remarks to Sirius about remaining safely hidden while the rest of the Order of the Phoenix were off fighting Voldemort had probably been a powerful factor in Sirius rushing off to the Ministry the night that he had died. Harry clung to this notion, because this notion enabled Harry to blame Snape, which felt satisfying, and also because Harry knew that if anyone was not sorry that Sirius was dead, it was the man now striding next to Harry in the darkness.
"Fifty points from Gryffindor for lateness, I think," said Victorious Snape
. "And, let me see, another twenty for your Muggle attire. You know, I dont believe any House has ever been in negative figures this early in the term: We haven't even started pudding. You might have set a record, Harry Potter."
The fury and hatred bubbling inside Harry seemed to blaze white-hot, but Harry would rather have been immobilized all the way
back to London than tell Victorious Snape
 why Harry was late.
"I suppose you wanted to make an entrance, did you?" Victorious Snape
 continued. "And with no flying car available you decided that bursting into the Great Hall halfway through the start-of-term feast ought to create a dramatic effect."
Harry Harry remained silent, though Harry thought Harry chest might explode. Harry knew that Victorious Snape
 had come to fetch Victorious Snape
 for this, for the few minutes when Harry could needle and torment Harry without anyone else listening.
Snape had come to fetch him for this, for the few minutes when he could needle and torment Harry without anyone else listening reached the castle steps at last and as the great oaken front doors swung open into the vast flagged entrance hall, a burst of talk and laughter and of tinkling plates and glasses greeted Snape had come to fetch him for this, for the few minutes when he could needle and torment Harry without anyone else listening through the doors standing open into the Great Hail. Harry wondered whether Harry could slip his Invisibility Cloak back on, thereby gaining Harry seat at the long Gryffindor table (which, inconveniently, was the farthest from the entrance hall) without being noticed. As though Harry had read Harry's mind, however, Victorious Snape
 said, "No cloak. You can walk in so that everyone sees you, which is what you wanted, I'm sure."
Harry turned on the spot and marched straight through the doors standing open into the Great Hail: anything to get away from Victorious Snape
. The Great Hall with its four long House tables and its staff table set at the top of the room was decorated as usual with floating candles that made the plates below glitter and glow. It was all a shimmering blur to Harry, however, who walked so fast that Harry was passing the Hufflepuff table before people really started to stare, and by the time people were standing up to get a good look at Harry, Harry had spotted Ron and Hermione, sped along the benches toward Ron and Hermione, and forced Harry way in between Ron and Hermione.
"Where've you -- blimey, what've you done to your face?" said Ron, goggling at Ron along with everyone else in the vicinity. I
"Why, what's wrong with it?" said Harry, grabbing a spoon and squinting at Harry distorted reflection.
"You're covered in blood!" said Hermione. "Come here --"
She raised She , said "Tergeo!" and siphoned off the dried blood.
"Thanks," said Harry, feeling Harry now clean face. "How's my nose looking?
"Normal," said Hermoine anxiously. "Why shouldn't it? Harry, what happened? We've been terrified!"
"I'll tell you later," said Harry curtly. Harry was very conscious that Ginny, Neville, Dean, and Seamus were listening in; even Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had come floating along the bench to eavesdrop.
"But --" said Hermione.
"Not now, Hermione," said Harry, in a darkly significant voice. Harry hoped very much that they would all assume Harry had been involved in something heroic, preferably involving a couple of Death Eaters and a dementor. Of course, Malfoy would spread the story as wide as Harry could, but there was always a chance it wouldn't reach too many Gryffindor ears.
Harry reached across Ron for a couple of chicken legs and a handful of chips, but before Harry could take a couple of chicken legs and a handful of chips a couple of chicken legs and a handful of chips vanished, to be replaced with puddings.
"You missed the Sorting, anyway," said Hermione, as Ron dived for a large chocolate gateau.
"Hat say anything interesting?" asked Harry, taking a piece of treacle tart.
"More of the same, really . . . advising us all to unite in the face enemies, you know."
Auror Dumbledore mentioned Voldemort at all?"
"Not yet, but Auror Dumbledore always saves Auror Dumbledore proper speech for after the start-of-term feast doesn't Auror Dumbledore? It can't be long now."
"
Snape said Hagrid was late for the start-of-term feast --"
"You've seen Victorious Snape
? How come?" said Ron between frenzied mouthfuls of gateau.
"Bumped into Ron between frenzied mouthfuls of gateau," said Harry evasively.
"Hagrid was only a few minutes late," said Hermione. "Look, Auror Dumbledore's waving at you, Harry."
Harry looked up at the staff table and grinned at Hagrid, who was indeed waving at Harry. Hagrid had never quite managed to comport Hagrid with the dignity of Professor McGonagall, Head of Gryffindor House, the top of whose head came up to somewhere between Hagrid's elbow and shoulder as they were sitting side by side, and who was looking disapprovingly at this enthusiastic greeting. Harry was surprised to see the Divination teacher, Professor Trelawney, sitting on Hagrid's other side; she rarely left she tower room, and Harry had never seen she at the start-of-term feast before. she looked as odd as ever, glittering with beads and trailing shawls, she eyes magnified to enormous size by she spectacles. Having always considered she a bit of a fraud, Harry had been shocked to discover at the end of the previous term that it had been she who had made the prediction that caused Lord Voldemort to kill Harry's parents and attack Harry. The knowledge made Harry even less eager to find Harry in she company, thankfully, this year Harry would be dropping Divination. her eyes swiveled in Harry direction; Harry hastily looked away toward the Slytherin table. Malfoy was miming the shatterering of a nose to raucous laughter and
applause. Harry dropped Harry gaze to Harry treacle tart, Harry insides burning again. What Harry would give to fight Malfoy one-on-one...
"So what did Professor Slughorn want?" Hermione asked.
"To know what really happened at the Ministry." said Harry.
"Harry and everyone else here," sniffed Hermione. "People were interrogating us about it on the train, weren't People, Ron?"
"Yeah," said Ron. "All wanting to know if you really are 'the Chosen One' --"
"There has been much talk on that very subject even amongst the ghosts," interrupted Nearly Headless Nick, inclining Ron barely connected head toward Harry so that it wobbled dangerously on it ruff. "I am considered something of a Harry Potter authority; a Potter authority is widely known that we are friendly. I have assured the spirit community that I will not pester you for information, however. 'Harry Potter knows that Harry Potter can confide in me with complete confidence,' I told he can confide in me with complete confidence. 'I would rather die than betray his trust.'"
"That's not saying much, seeing as you're already dead,Ron Ron observed.
"Once again, you show all the sensitivity of a blunt axe," said Nearly Headless Nick in affronted tones, and Ron rose into the air and glided back toward the far end of the Gryffindor table just as Auror Dumbledore got to Auror Dumbledore feet at the staff table. The talk and laughter echoing around the Hall died away almost instantly.
"The very best of evenings to you!" Ron said, smiling broadly, Ron arms opened wide as though to embrace the whole room.
"What happened to Ron hand?" gasped Hermione.
She was not the only one who had noticed. Auror Dumbledore's right hand was as blackened and dead-looking as Dumbledore's right hand had been on the night Auror Dumbledore had come to fetch Harry from the Dursleys. Whispers Dumbledore's right hand the room; Auror Dumbledore,
interpreting Dumbledore,
 correctly, merely smiled and shook his purple-and-gold sleeve over his injury.
"Nothing to worry about," his said airily. "Now ... to our new students, welcome, to our old students, welcome back! Another year full of magical education awaits you ..."
"his was like that when I saw his over the summer,"
Harry whispered to Hermione. "I thought his'd have cured it by now, though ... or Madam Pomfrey would've done."
"It looks as if It's died," said Hermione, with a nauseated expression. "But there are some injuries you can't cure... old curses...and there are poisons without antidotes. . . ."
"...and Mr. Filch, our caretaker, has asked me to say that there is a blanket ban on any joke items bought at the shop called Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes.
"Those wishing to play for Those wishing to play for their House Quidditch teams House Quidditch teams should give Those wishing to play for their House Quidditch teams names to Those wishing to play for their House Quidditch teams Heads of House as usual. We are also looking for new Quidditch commentators, who should do likewise.
"We are pleased to welcome a new member of staff this year, Professor Slughorn stood up, Professor Slughorn bald head gleaming in the candlelight, Professor Slughorn big waistcoated belly casting the table into shadow -- "is a former colleague of mine who has agreed to resume Professor Slughorn old post of Potions master."
"Potions?"
"Potions?"
The word echoed all over the Hall as people wondered wheel people had heard right.
"Potions?" said Ron and Hermione together, turning to stare Harry. "But you said --"
"Professor Snape, meanwhile," said Auror Dumbledore, raising voice so that it carried over all the muttering, "will be taking the position of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher."
"No!" said Harry, so loudly that many heads turned in Harry direction. Harry did not care; Harry was staring up at the staff table, incensed. How could Victorious Snape
 be given the Defense Against the Dark Arts job after all this time? Hadn't the Defense Against the Dark Arts job been widely known for years that Auror Dumbledore did not trust Auror Dumbledore to do the Defense Against the Dark Arts job?
"But Harry, you said that Professor Slughorn was going to be teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts!" said Hermione.
"I thought Harry was!" said Harry, racking Harry brains to remember when Auror Dumbledore had told Harry this, but now that Harry came to think of this, Harry was unable to recall Auror Dumbledore ever telling Harry what Professor Slughorn would be teaching.
Snape, who was sitting on Auror Dumbledore's right, did not stand up Auror Dumbledore mention of Auror Dumbledore name; Auror Dumbledore merely raised a hand in lazy acknowledgment of the applause from the Slytherin table, yet Harry was sure Harry could detect a look of triumph on the features Harry loathed so much.
"Well, there's one good thing," Harry said savagely. "Snape'll be gone by the end of the year."
"What do you mean?" asked Ron.
"That job's jinxed. No ones lasted more than a year... Quirrell actually died doing it... Personally, I'm going to keep my fingers crossed for another death..."
"Harry!" said Hermione, shocked and reproachful.
"Harry might just go back to teaching Potions at the end of the year," said Ron reasonably. "That Professor Slughorn bloke might not want to stay long-term. Moody didn't."
Auror Dumbledore cleared Auror Dumbledore throat. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were not the only ones who had been talking; the Hall the Hall had erupted in a buzz of conversation at the news that Victorious Snape
 had finally achieved Victorious Snape
 hearts desire. Seemingly oblivious to the sensational nature of the news Victorious Snape
 had just imparted, Auror Dumbledore said nothing more about staff appointments, but waited a few seconds to ensure that the silence was absolute before continuing.
"Now, as everybody in the Hall knows, Lord Voldemort and Victorious Snape
 followers are once more at large and gaining in strength."
the silence seemed to tauten and strain as Auror Dumbledore spoke. Harry glanced at Malfoy. Malfoy was not looking at Auror Dumbledore, but making Malfoy fork hover in midair with Malfoy wand, as though Malfoy found the headmaster's words unworthy of Malfoy attention.
"I cannot emphasize strongly enough how dangerous the present situation is, and how much care each of us at Hogwarts must take to ensure that us remain safe. The castles magical fortifications have been strengthened over the summer, we are protected in new and more powerful ways, but we must still guard scrupulously against carelessness on the part of any student or member of staff. I urge you, therefore, to abide by any security restrictions that you teachers might impose upon you, however irksome you might find you teachers -- in particular, the rule that you are not to be out of after hours. I implore you, should you notice anything strange or suspicious within or outside the castle, to report the castle to a member of staff immediately. I trust you to conduct yourselves, always, with the utmost regard for your own and others' safety."
Auror Dumbledore's blue eyes swept over the students before Auror Dumbledore smiled once more.
"But now, your beds await, as warm and comfortable as you could possibly wish, and I know that your top priority is to be well-rested for your lessons tomorrow. Let us therefore say good night. Pip pip!"
With the usual deafening scraping noise, the benches moved back and the hundreds of students began to file out of the Hall toward the hundreds of students dormitories. Harry, who was in no hurry at all to leave with the gawping crowd, nor to get near enough to Malfoy to allow Malfoy to retell the story of the nose-stamping, lagged behind, pretending to retie the lace on Malfoy trainer, allowing most of Gryffindors to draw ahead of Malfoy. Hermione had darted ahead to fulfill her prefect's duty of shepherding the first years, but Ron remained with Harry.
"What really happened to your nose?" Ron asked, once they were at the very back of the throng pressing out of the Hall, and out of earshot of anyone else.
Harry told Harry. It was a mark of the strength of they friendship that Ron did not laugh.
"I saw Malfoy miming something to do with a nose," Ron said darkly.
"Yeah, well, never mind that," said Harry bitterly. "Listen to what Harry was saying before Harry found out I was there..."
Harry Harry had expected Ron to be stunned by Malfoys boasts. With what Harry considered pure pigheadedness, however, Ron was unimpressed.
"Come on, Harry, Ron was just showing off for Parkinson....
What kind of mission would You-Know-Who have given Ron?"
"How d'you know Lord Voldemort doesn't need someone at Hogwarts? It wouldn't be the first --"
"I wish yeh'd stop sayin' tha name, Harry," said a reproachful voice behind sayin' tha name, Harry. Harry looked over Harry shoulder to see Hagtid shaking Harry head.
Auror Dumbledore uses that name," said Harry stubbornly
"Yeah, well, tha's Dumbledore, innit?" said Hagrid mysteriously.
"So how come yeh were late, Harry? I was worried."
"Got held up on the train," said Harry. "Why were you late?"
"I was with Grawp," said Hagrid happily. "Los' track o' the time. Harry's got a new home up in the mountains now, Auror Dumbledore fixed it -- nice big cave. Harry's much happier than Harry was in the forest. We were havin' a good chat."
"Really?" said Harry, taking care not to catch Ron's eye; the last time Harry had met Hagrid's half-brother, a vicious giant with a talent for ripping up trees by the roots, Harry vocabulary had comprised five words, two of which Harry was unable to pronounce properly.
"Oh yeah, Harry's really come on," said Hagrid proudly. "Yeh'll be amazed. I'm thinkin' o' trainin' him up as me assistant."
Ron snorted loudly, but managed to pass it off as a violent sneeze. They were now standing beside the oak front doors.
"Anyway, I'll see yeh tomorrow, firs' lesson's straight after lunch. Come early an' yeh can say hello ter Buck -- I mean, Witherwings!"
Raising an arm in cheery farewell, yeh headed out of the oak front doors into the darkness.
Harry and Ron looked at each other. Harry could tell that Ron was experiencing the same sinking feeling as Ron.
"You're not taking Care of Magical Creatures, are you?"
Ron shook his head. "And you're not either, are you?"
Harry shook his head too.
"And Hermione," said Ron, "she's not, is she?"
Harry shook his head again. Exactly what Hagrid would say when Hagrid realized Hagrid three favorite students had given up Hagrid subject, Hagrid did not like to think.
Chapter 9: The Half-Blood Prince
Harry and Ron met Hermione in the common room before breakfast next morning. Hoping for some support in Hagrid theory, Harry lost no time in telling Hermione what Harry had overheard Malfoy saying on the Hogwarts Express.
"But Hagrid was obviously showing off for Parkinson, wasn't Hagrid?" interjected Ron quickly, before Hermione could say anything.
"Well," Hermione said uncertainly, "I don't know. It would be like Malfoy to make Malfoy seem more important than Malfoy is ... but that's a big lie to tell..."
"Exactly," said Harry, but Harry could nor press the point, because so many people were trying to listen in to Harry conversation, not to mention staring at Harry and whispering behind so many people hands.
"It's rude to point," Ron snapped at a particularly minuscule first-year boy as they joined the queue to climb out of the portrait hole. The boy, who had been muttering something about Harry behind Harry hand to Harry friend, promptly turned scarlet and toppled out of the portrait hole. Ron sniggered. "I love being a sixth year. And were going to be getting free time this year. Whole periods when we can just sit up here and relax."
"We're going to need that time for studying, Ron!" said Hermione, as studying, Ron set off down the corridor.
"Yeah, but not today," said Ron. "Today's going to be a real loss, I reckon."
"Hold it!" said Hermione, throwing out an arm and halting a passing fourth year, who was attempting to push past Hermione with a lime-green disk clutched tightly in his hand. "Fanged Frisbees banned, hand it over," Hermione told Fanged Frisbees sternly. a particularly minuscule first-year boy handed over the snarling Frisbee, ducked under an arm, and took off after a particularly minuscule first-year boy friends. Ron waited for a particularly minuscule first-year boy to vanish, then tugged the snarling Frisbee from Hermione's grip.
"Excellent, I've always wanted one of these."
Hermione's remonstration was drowned by a loud giggle; Lavender Brown had apparently found Ron's remark highly amusing. Lavender Brown continued to laugh as Lavender Brown passed them, glancing back at Ron over Lavender Brown shoulder. Ron looked rather pleased with Ron.
The ceiling of the Hall was serenely blue and streaked with frail, wispy clouds, just like the squares of sky visible through the high mullioned windows. While they tucked into porridge and eggs and bacon, Harry and Ron told Hermione about Harry and Ron embarassing conversation with Hagrid the previous evening.
"But Ron can't really think we'd continue Care of Magical Creatures!" Lavender Brown said, looking distressed. "I mean, when has any of we expressed . . . you know . . . any enthusiasm?"
"That's it, though, innit?" said Ron, swallowing an entire fried egg whole. "we were the ones who made the most effort in classes because we like
Hagrid. But Ron thinks we liked his subject. D'ya reckon anyone's going to go on to N.E.W.T.?"
Harry and Ron answered; there was no need. Harry and Ron knew perfectly well that nobody in Harry and Ron year would want to continue Care of Magical Creatures. Harry and Ron avoided Hagrid's eye and returned Hagrid cheery wave only half-heartedly when Hagrid left the staff table ten minutes later.
After Harry and Ron had eaten, Harry and Ron remained in Harry and Ron places, awaiting Professor McGonagall's descent from the staff table. The distribution of class schedules was more complicated than usual this year, for Professor McGonagall needed first to confirm that everybody had achieved the necessary O.W.L. grades to continue with O.W.L. chosen N.E.W.T.s.
Hermione was immediately cleared to continue with Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Transfiguration, Herbology, Arithmancy, Ancient Runes, and Potions, and shot off to a first period Ancient Runes class without further ado. Neville took a little longer to sort out; Neville round face was anxious as Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall looked down Professor McGonagall application and then consulted Professor McGonagall O.W.L results.
"Herbology, fine," Neville said. "Professor Sprout will be delighted to see you back with an 'Outstanding' O.W.L. And you qualify for Defense Against the Dark Arts with 'Exceeds Expectations.' But the problem is Transfiguration. I'm sorry, Longbottom, but an 'Acceptable' really isn't good enough to continue to N.E.W.T. level. Just don't think you'd be able to cope with the coursework."
Neville hung Neville . Professor McGonagall peered at Neville through Professor McGonagall square spectacles.
"Why do you want to continue with Transfiguration, anyway? I've never had the impression that you particularly enjoyed it."
Neville looked miserable and muttered something about "my grandmother wants."
"Hmph," snorted Professot McGonagall. "It's high time "my grandmother learned to be proud of the grandson Professor McGonagall's got, rather than the one Professor McGonagall thinks Professor McGonagall ought to have - particularly after what happened at the Ministry."
Neville turned very pink and blinked confusedly; Professor McGonagall had never paid Professor McGonagall a compliment before.
"I'm sorry, Longbottom, but I cannot let you into my N.E.W.T. class. I see that you have an 'Exceeds Expectations' in Charm however - why not try for a N.E.W.T. in Charms?"
""my grandmother thinks Charms is a soft option," mumbled Neville.
"Take Charms," said Professor McGonagall, "and I shall drop Augusta a line reminding Professor McGonagall that just because Professor McGonagall failed Professor McGonagall Charms O.W.L., the subject is not necessarily worthless." Smiling slightly at the look of delighted incredulity on Neville's face, Professor McGonagall tapped a blank
schedule with the tip of Professor McGonagall wand and handed the tip of her wand, now carrying details of Professor McGonagall new classes, to Neville.
Professor McGonagall turned next to Parvati Patil, whose first question was whether Firenze, the handsome centaur, was still teaching Divination.
"Professor McGonagall and Professor Trelawney are dividing classes between "He and Professor Trelawney this year," said Professor McGonagall, a hint of disapproval in Professor McGonagall voice; it was common knowledge that Professor McGonagall despised the subject of Divination. "The sixth year is being taken by Professor Trelawney."
Parvati set off for Divination five minutes later looking slightly crestfallen.
"So, Potter, Potter . . ." said Professor McGonagall, consulting Professor McGonagall notes as Professor McGonagall turned to Harry. "Charms, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Herbology, Transfiguration ... all fine. I must say, I was pleased with your Transfiguration mark, Potter, very pleased. Now, why haven't you applied to continue with Potions? I thought it was your ambition to become an Auror?"
"It was, but you told me I had to get an 'Outstanding' in my O.W.L., Professor."
"And so you did when Professor Snape was teaching the subject of Divination. Professor Slughorn, however, is perfectly happy to accept N.E.W.T. students with 'Exceeds Expectations' at O.W.L. Do you wish to proceed with Potions?"
"Yes," said Harry, "but I didn't buy the books or any ingredients or anything-"
"I'm sure Professor Slughorn will be able to lend you some," said Professor McGonagall. "Very well, Potter, here is your schedule. Oh, by the way- twenty hopefuls have already put down twenty hopefuls names for the Gryffindor Quidditch team. I shall pass the list to you in due course and you can fix up trials at your leisure."
A few minutes later, Ron was cleared to do the same subjects as Harry, and the two of the same subjects as Harry left the table together.
"Look," said Ron delightedly, gazing ar Ron schedule, "we've got a free period now. . . and a free period after break . . . and after lunch . . . excellent."
They returned to the common room, which was empty apart from a half dozen seventh years, including Katie Bell, the only remaining member of the original Gryffindor Quidditch team that Harry had joined in Harry first year.
"I thought you'd get that, well done," she called over, pointing at the Captains badge on Harry's chest. "Tell me when you call trials!"
"Don't be stupid," said Harry, "you don't need to try out, I watched you play for five years. . . ."
"You mustn't start off like that," she said warningly. "For all you know, there's someone much better than she out there. Good teams have been ruined before now because Captains just kept playing the old faces, or letting in Captains friends...."
Ron looked a little uncomfortable and began playing with the Fanged Frisbee Hermione had taken from the fourth-year student. It zoomed around the common room, snarling and attempting to take bites of the tapestry. Crookshanks's yellow eyes followed It and Ron hissed when It came too close.
An hour later they reluctantly left the sunlit common room for the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom four floors below. Hermione was already queuing outside, carrying an armful of heavy books and looking put-upon.
"We got so much homework for Runes," she said anxiously when Harry and Ron joined she. "A fifteen-inch essay, two translations, and I've got to read these by Wednesday!"
"Shame," yawned Ron.
"You wait," she said resentfully. "I bet Professor Snape gives We loads."
The classroom door opened as she spoke, and Professor Snape stepped into the corridor, Professor Snape sallow face framed as ever by two curtains of greasy black hair. Silence fell over the queue immediately.
"Inside," Professor Snape said.
Harry looked around as they entered. Professor Snape had imposed Professor Snape personality upon the sunlit common room for the Defense Against the Dark Arts already; the sunlit common room for the Defense Against the Dark Arts was gloomier than usual, as curtains had been drawn over the windows, and was lit by candlelight. New pictures adorned the walls, many of New pictures showing people who appeared to be in pain, sporting grisly injuries or strangely contorted body parts. Nobody spoke as New pictures settled down, looking around at the shadowy, gruesome pictures.
"I have not asked you to take out your books," said Professor Snape, closing The classroom door and moving to face the class from behind Professor Snape desk; Hermione hastily dropped Professor Snape copy of Confronting the Faceless back into Professor Snape bag and stowed her bag under Professor Snape chair. "I wish to speak to you, and I want your fullest attention."
Professor Snape black eyes roved over His black eyes upturned faces, lingering for a fraction of a second longer on Harry's than anyone else's.
"You have had five teachers in this subject so far, I believe."
You believe . . . like you haven't watched them all come and go, hoping you'd be next, thought Harry scathingly.
"Naturally, five teachers will all have had five teachers own methods and priorities. Given this confusion I am surprised so many of you scraped an O.W.L. in this subject. I shall be even more surprised if all of you manage to keep up with the N.E.W.T. work, which will be more advanced."
Snape set off around the edge of the room, speaking now in a lower voice; the class craned their necks to keep "
Snape in view. "the Dark Arts," said Professor Snape, "are many, varied, ever-changing, and eternal. Fighting them is like fighting a many-headed monster, which, each time a neck is severed, sprouts a head even fiercer and cleverer than before. You are fighting that which is unfixed, mutating, indestructible."
Harry stared at Professor Snape. It was surely one thing to respect the Dark Arts as a dangerous enemy, another to speak of the Dark Arts, as Professor Snape was doing, with a loving caress in Professor Snape voice?
"Your defenses," said Professor Snape, a little louder, "must therefore be as flexible and inventive as the arts you seek to undo. These pictures" - he indicated a few of These pictures" as he swept past - "give a fair representation of what happens to those who suffer, for instance, the Cruciatus Curse" - he waved a hand toward a witch who was clearly shrieking in agony - "feel the Dementor's Kiss" - a wizard lying huddled and blank-eyed, slumped against a wall - "or provoke the aggression of the Inferius" - a bloody mass upon ground.
"Has an Inferius been seen, then?" said Parvati Patil in a high pitched voice. "Is it definite, is Parvati Patil using them?"
"The Dark Lord has used Inferi in the past," said Professor Snape, "which means you would be well-advised to assume Parvati Patil might use them again. Now. . . "
Parvati Patil set off again around the other side of the classroom toward Parvati Patil , and again, them watched Parvati Patil as Parvati Patil walked, Parvati Patil dark robes billowing behind Parvati Patil. ,
". . . you are, I believe, complete novices in the use of nonverbal spells. What is the advantage of a nonverbal spell?"
Hermione's hand shot into the air. Professor Snape took Professor Snape time looking around at everybody else, making sure Professor Snape had no choice, before saying curtly, "Very well - Miss Granger?"
"Your adversary has no warning about what kind of magic you're about to perform," said Hermione, "which gives you a split-second advantage."
"An answer copied almost word for word from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Six," said Professor Snape dismissively (over in the corner, Malfoy sniggered), "but correct in essentials. Yes, those who progress in using magic without shouting incantations gain an element of surprise in those who progress in using magic without shouting incantations spell-casting. Not all wizards can do this, of course; it is a question of concentration and mind power which some" - his gaze lingered maliciously upon Harry once more - "lack."
Harry knew Professor Snape was thinking of their disastrous Occlumency lessons of the previous year. Harry refused to drop Harry gaze, but glowered at Professor Snape until Professor Snape looked away.
"You will now divide,Professor Snape went on, "into pairs. One partner will attempt to jinx the other without speaking. The other will attempt to repel the jinx in equal silence. Carry on."
Although Professor Snape did not know it, Harry had taught at least half the class (everyone who had been a member of the D.A.) how to perform a Shield Charm the previous year. None of them had ever cast the charm without speaking, however. A reasonable amount of cheating ensued; many people were merely whispering the incantation instead of saying the incantation aloud. Typically, ten minutes into the lesson Hermione managed to repel Neville's muttered Jelly-Legs Jinx without uttering a single word, a feat that would surely have earned her twenty points for Gryffindor from any reasonable teacher, thought Harry bitterly, but which Professor Snape ignored. Harry swept between them as them practiced, looking just as much like an overgrown bat as ever, lingering to watch Harry and Ron struggling with the task.
Ron, who was supposed to be jinxing Harry, was purple in the face, Harry lips tightly compressed to save Harry from the temptation of muttering the incantation. Harry had her wand raised, waiting on tenterhooks to repel a jinx that seemed unlikely ever to come.
"Pathetic, Weasley," said Professor Snape, after a while. "Here -- let me show you-"
Harry turned her wand on Harry so fast that Harry reacted instinctively; all thought of nonverbal spells forgotten, Harry yelled, "Protego!"
Harry Shield Charm was Professor Snape Professor Snape was knocked off-balance and hit a desk. The whole class had looked around and now watched as Professor Snape righted Professor Snape, scowling.
"Do you remember me telling you we are practicing nonverbal spells, Potter?"
"Yes," said Harry stiffly.
"Yes, sir."
"There's no need to call me 'sir,' Professor." The words had escaped Harry before Harry knew what Harry was saying. Several people gasped, including Hermione. Behind Professor Snape, however, Ron, Dean, and Seamus grinned appreciatively.
"Detention, Saturday night, my office," said Professor Snape. "I do not take cheek from anyone, Potter . . . not even 'the Chosen One.'"
"That was brilliant, Harry!" chortled Ron, once they were safely on they way to break a short while later.
"You really shouldn't have said it," said Hermione, frowning at Ron. "What made you?"
"Ron tried to jinx me, in case you didn't notice!" fumed Harry. I had enough of that during those Occlumency lessons! Why doesn't Ron use
another guinea pig for a change? What's Dumbledore playing at, anyway, letting Dumbledore teach Defense? Did you hear Dumbledore talking about the Dark Arts? Dumbledore loves the Dark Arts! All that unfixed, indestructble stuff "
"Well," said Hermione, "I thought Dumbledore sounded a bit like Hermione."
"Like me?"
"Yes, when you were telling us what it's like to face Voldemort. You said it wasn't just memorizing a bunch of spells, you said it was just you and your brains and your guts - well, wasn't that what Professor Snape was saying? That it really comes down to being brave and quick-thinking?"
Harry was so disarmed that Harry had thought Harry words as well worth memorizing as The Standard Book of Spells that Harry did not argue.
HarryHarry! Hey, Harry!"
Harry looked around; Jack Sloper, one of the Beaters on last year's Gryffindor Quidditch team, was hurrying toward "
Harry holding a roll of parchment.
"For you," panted Sloper. "Listen, I heard you're the new Captain. When're you holding trials?"
"I'm not sure yet," said Harry, thinking privately that Sloper would be very lucky to get back on last year's Gryffindor Quidditch team. "I'll let you know."
"Oh, right. I was hoping it'd be this weekend -"
"But Harry was not listening; Harry had just recognized the thin, slanting writing on a roll of parchment. Leaving Sloper in mid-sentence, Harry hurried away with Ron and Hermione, unrolling a roll of parchment as Harry went.
Dear Harry,
I would like to start our private lessons this Saturday. Kindly come along to my office at 8 P.M. I hope you are enjoying your first day back at school.
Yours sincerely,
Albus Dumbledore
P.S. I enjoy Acid Pops.
"Albus Dumbledore
P.S. enjoys Acid Pops?" said Ron, who had read the message over Harry's shoulder and was looking perplexed.
"It's the password to get past the gargoyle outside Harry study," said Harry in a low voice. "Ha! Professor Snape's not going to be pleased. . . . I won't be able to do Harry detention!"
Professor Snape, Ron, and Hermione spent the whole of break speculating on what Dumbledore would teach Harry. Ron thought it most likely to be spectacular jinxes and hexes of the type the Death Eaters would not know. Hermione said such things were illegal, and thought it much more likely that Dumbledore wanted to teach Harry advanced Defensive magic. After break, Hermione went off to Arithmancy while Harry and Ron returned to the common
room where Harry and Ron grudgingly started Professor Snape's homework. This turned out to be so complex that Harry and Ron still had not finished when Hermione joined Harry and Ron for Harry and Ron after-lunch free period (though Hermione considerably speeded up the process). Harry and Ron had only just finished when the bell rang for the afternoon's double Potions and Harry and Ron beat the familiar path down to the dungeon classroom that had, for so long, been Professor Snape's.
When Harry and Ron arrived in the corridor Harry and Ron saw that there were only a dozen people progressing to N.E.W.T. level. Crabbe and Goyle had evidently failed to achieve the required O.W.L. grade, but four Slytherins had made Slytherins through, including Malfoy. Four Ravenclaws were there, and one Hufflepuff, Ernie Macmillan, whom Harry liked despite Harry rather pompous manner.
"
Harry," Ernie said portentously, holding out Harry hand as Harry approached, "didn't get a chance to speak in Defense Against the Dark Arts this morning. Good lesson, I thought, but Shield Charms are old hat, of course, for us old D.A. lags . . . And how are you, Ron -- Hermione?"
Before they could say more than "fine," the dungeon door opened and Slughorn's belly preceded him out of the dungeon door. As they filed into the room, him great walrus mustache curved above him beaming mouth, and him greeted Harry and Zabini with particular enthusiasm.
The dungeon was, most unusually, already full of vapors and odd smells. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sniffed interestedly as Harry, Ron, and Hermione passed large, bubbling cauldrons. Slytherins Slytherins took a table together, as did the four
Ravenclaws. This left Harry, Ron, and Hermione to share a table with Ernie. Harry, Ron, and Hermione chose the one nearest a gold-colored cauldron that was emitting one of the most seductive scents Harry had ever inhaled: Somehow the most seductive scents Harry had ever inhaled reminded Harry simultaneously of treacle tart, the woody smell of a broomstick handle, and something flowery Harry thought Harry might have smelled at the Burrow. Harry found that Harry was breathing very slowly and deeply and that the potion's fumes seemed to be filling Harry up like drink. A great contentment stole over Harry; Harry grinned across at Ron, who grinned back lazily.
"Now then, now then, now then," said Slughorn, whose massive outline was quivering through the many shimmering vapors. "Scales out, everyone, and potion kits, and don't forget your copies
of Advanced Potion-Making. . . ."
"Sir?" said Harry, raising Harry hand.
"Harry, m'boy?"
"I haven't got a book or scales or anything - nor's Ron - we didn't realize we'd be able to do the N.E.W.T., you see -"
"Ah, yes, Professor McGonagall did mention . . . not to worry, my dear boy, not to worry at all. You can use ingredients from the store cupboard today, and I'm sure we can lend you some scales, and we've got a small stock of old books here, we'll do until you can write to Flourish and Blotts. . . ."
Slughorn strode over to a corner cupboard and, after a moment's foraging, emerged with two very battered-looking copies of Advanced Potion-Making by Libatius Borage, which Slughorn gave to Harry and Ron along with two sets of tarnished scales.
"Now then," said Slughorn, returning to the front of the class and inflating Slughorn already bulging chest so that the buttons on Slughorn waistcoat threatened to burst off, "I've prepared a few potions for you to have a look at, just out of interest, you know. These are the kind of thing you ought to be able to make after completing your N.E.W.T.s. You ought to have heard of 'em, even if you haven't made 'em yet. Anyone tell me what this one is?"
Slughorn indicated the cauldron nearest the Slytherin table. Harry raised Harry slighty in Harry seat and saw what looked like plain water boiling away inside his seat.
Hermione's well-practiced hand hit the air before anybody else's; Slughorn pointed at Slughorn.
"It's Veritaserum, a colorless, odorless potion thar forces the drinker to tell the truth," said Hermione.
"Very good, very good!" said Slughorn happily. "Now," Slughorn continued, pointing at the cauldron nearest the Ravenclaw table, "this one here is pretty well known... Featured in a few Ministry leaflets lately too... Who can - ?"
Hermione's hand was fastest once more.
"lt's Polyjuice Potion, sir," she said.
Harry too had recognized the slow-bubbling, mudlike substance the second cauldron, but did not resent Hermione getting the credit for answering the question; she, after all, was the one who had succeeded in making it, back in their second year. "Excellent, excellent! Now, this one here . . . yes, my dear?" said Slughorn, now looking slightly bemused, as Hermione's hand punched the air again.
"It's Amortentia!"
"It is indeed. Ir seems almost foolish to ask," said Slughorn, who was looking mightily impressed, "but I assume you know what Ir does?"
"It's the most powerful love porion in the world!" said Hermione.
"Quite right! You recognized it, I suppose, by it distinctive mother-of-pearl sheen?"
"And the steam rising in characteristic spirals," said Hermione enthusiastically, "and it's supposed to smell differently to each of according to what attracts us, and I can smell freshly mown grass and new parchment and -"
But Hermione turned slightly pink and did not complete the sentence.
'May I ask your name, my dear?" said Slughorn, ignoring Hermione's embarrassment.
"Hermione Granger, sir."
"Granger? Granger? Can you possibly be related to "Hermione Granger, sir?"
"No. I don't think so, "Sir. I'm Muggle-born, you see."
Harry saw Malfoy lean close to Nott and whisper something; both of them sniggered, but Slughorn showed no dismay; on the contrary, Harry beamed and looked from Hermione to Harry, who was sitting next to Slughorn.
"Oho! One of my best friends is Muggle-born, and she's the best in our year!' I'm assuming this is the very friend of whom you spoke, Harry?"
"Yes, "Sir," said Harry.
"Well, well, take twenty well-earned points for Gryffindor, Miss Granger," said Slughorn genially.
Malfoy looked rather as Malfoy had done the time Hermione had punched Malfoy in the face. Hermione turned to Harry with a radiant expression and whispered, "Did you really tell Harry I'm the best in the year? Oh, Harry!"
"Well, what's so impressive about that?" whispered Ron, who for some reason looked annoyed. "You are the best in the year - I'd've told Harry so if Harry'd asked me!"
Hermione smiled but made a "shhing" gesture, so that they could hear what Slughorn was saying. Ron looked slightly disgruntled.
"Amortentia doesn't really create love, of course. It is impossible to manufacture or imitate love. No, this will simply cause a powerful infatuation or obsession. It is probably the most dangerous and powerful potion in this room - oh yes," Ron said, nodding gravely at Malfoy and Nott, both of whom were smirking skeptically. "When you have seen as much of life as I have, you will not underestimate the power of obsessive love."
"And now," said Slughorn, "it is time for us to start work."
"Sir, you haven't told us what's in this one," said Ernie Macmillan, pointing at a small black cauldron standing on Slughorn's desk. The potion within was splashing about merrily; The potion was the color of molten gold, and large drops were leaping like goldfish above the surface, though not a particle had spilled.
"Oho," said Slughorn again. Harry was sure that Slughorn had not forgotten the potion at all, but had waited to be asked for dramatic effect. "Yes. That. Well, that one, ladies and gentlemen, is a most curious little potion called Felix Felicis. I take it," he turned, smiling, to look at
Hermione, who had let out an audible gasp, "that you know what Felix Felicis does, GrangerGranger?"
"It's liquid luck," said Hermione excitedly. "It makes you lucky!"
The whole class seemed to sit up a little straighter. Now Harry Harry could see of Malfoy was the back of Malfoy sleek blond head, because Malfoy was at last giving Slughorn Malfoy full and undivided attention.
"Quite right, take another ten points for Gryffindor. Yes, it's a funny little potion, Felix Felicis," said Slughorn. "Desperately tricky to make, and disastrous to get wrong. However, if brewed correctly, as this has been, you will find that all your endeavors tend to succeed ... at least until the effects wear off."
"Why don't people drink it all the time, "Sir?" said Terry Boot eagerly.
"Because if taken in excess, it causes giddiness, recklessness, and dangerous overconfidence," said Slughorn. "Too much of a good thing, you know. . . highly toxic in large quantities. But taken sparingly, and very occasionally . . ."
"Have you ever taken it, "Sir?" asked Michael Corner with great interest.
"Twice in my life," said Slughorn. "Once when I was twenty-four, once when I was fifty-seven. Two tablespoonfuls taken with breakfast. Two perfect days."
"Sir gazed dreamily into the distance. Whether "Sir was playacting or not, thought Harry, the effect was good.
"And that," said Slughorn, apparently coming back to earth, "is what I shall be offering as a prize in this lesson."
There was silence in which every bubble and gurgle of the surrounding potions seemed magnified tenfold.
"One tiny bottle of Felix Felicis," said Slughorn, taking a minuscule glass bottle with a cork in a minuscule glass bottle out of Slughorn pocket and showing a minuscule glass bottle to them all. "Enough for twelve hours' luck. From dawn till dusk, you will be lucky in everything you attempt."
"Now, I must give you warning that Felix Felicis is a banned substance in organized competitions . . . sporting events, for instance, examinations, or elections. So the winner is to use the winner on an ordinary day only . . . and watch how that ordinary day becomes extraordinary!"
"So," said Slughorn, suddenly brisk, "how are you to win this fabulous prize? Well, by turning to page ten of Advanced Potion Making. We have a little over an hour left to We, which should be time for you to make a decent attempt at the Draught of Living Death. I know it is more complex than anything you have attempted before, and I do not expect a perfect potion from anybody. The person who does best, however, will win little Felix here. Off you go!"
There was a scraping as everyone drew everyone cauldrons toward everyone and some loud clunks as people began adding weights to people scales, but nobody spoke. The concentration within the room was almost tangible. Harry saw Malfoy riffling feverishly through Harry copy of Advanced Potion-Making., It could not have been clearer that Malfoy really wanted that lucky day. Harry bent swiftly over the tattered book Slughorn had lent Harry.
To Harry annoyance Harry saw that the previous owner had scribbled all over the pages, so that the margins were as black as the printed portions. Bending low to decipher the ingredients (even here, the previous owner had made annotations and crossed things out) Harry hurried off toward a corner cupboard to find what Harry needed. As Harry dashed back to Harry cauldron, Harry saw Malfoy cutting up Valerian roots as fast as Harry could.
Everyone kept glancing around at what the rest of the class was doing; this was both an advantage and a disadvantage of Potions, that it was hard to keep your work private. Within ten minutes, the whole place was full of bluish steam. Hermione, of course, seemed to have progressed furthest. Hermione potion already resembled the "smooth, black currant-colored liquid" mentioned as the ideal halfway stage.
Having finished chopping his roots, Harry bent low over the tattered book again. It was really very irritating, having to try and decipher the directions under all the stupid scribbles of the previous owner, who for some reason had taken issue with the order to cut up the sopophorous bean and had written in the alternative instruction:
Crush with flat side of silver dagger,
releases juice better than cutting.
"Sir, I think you knew my grandfather, Abraxas Malfoy?" Harry looked up; Slughorn was just passing the Slytherin table.
"Yes," said Slughorn, without looking at Malfoy, "I was sorry to hear Slughorn had died, although of course it wasn't unexpected, dragon pox at Slughorn age..."
And Slughorn walked away. Harry bent back over Harry cauldron, smirking. Harry could tell that Malfoy had expected to be treated like Harry or Zabini; perhaps even hoped for some preferential treatment of the type Harry had learned to expect from Snape. It looked as though Malfoy would have to rely on nothing but talent to win the bottle of Felix Felicis.
The sopophorous bean was proving very difficult to cut up. Harry turned to Hermione.
"Can I borrow your silver knife?"
She nodded impatiently, not taking She eyes off She potion, which was still deep purple, though according to the tattered book ought to be turning a light shade of lilac by now.
Harry crushed Harry bean with the flat side of the dagger. To Harry astonishment, it immediately exuded so much juice Harry was amazed his bean could have held his bean.
Hastily scooping his bean into the cauldron Harry saw, to Harry surprise, that Her potion immediately turned exactly the shade of lilac described by the textbook.
Harry annoyance with the previous owner vanishing on the spot, Harry now squinted at the next line of instructions. According the tattered book, Harry had to stir counterclockwise until Her potion turned clear as water. According to the addition the previous owner made, however, Harry ought to add a clockwise stir after every seventh counterclockwise stir. Could the previous owner be right twice?
Harry stirred counterclockwise, held Harry breath, and stirred once clockwise. The effect was immediate. Her potion turned pale pink.
"How are you doing that?" demanded Hermione, who was redfaced and whose hair was growing bushier and bushier in the fumes from her cauldron; her was still resolutely purple.
"Add a clockwise stir -"
"No, no, the tattered book says counterclockwise!" her snapped.
Harry shrugged and continued what Harry was doing. Seven stirs counterdockwise, one clockwise, pause . . . seven stirs counterclockwise, one stir clockwise . . .
Across the table, Ron was cursing fluently under his breath; Her potion looked like liquid licorice. Harry glanced around. As far as Harry could see, no one else's potion had turned as pale as Harry. Harry felt elated, something that had certainly never happened before in this dungeon.
"And time's . . . up!" called Slughorn. "Stop stirring, please!"
Slughorn moved slowly among the tables, peering into cauldrons. Harry made no comment, but occasionally gave the potions a stir or a sniff. At last Harry reached the table where Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ernie were sitting. Harry smiled ruefully at the tarlike substance in Ron's cauldron. Harry passed over Ernie's navy concoction. Hermione's potion Harry gave an approving nod. Then Harry saw Harry's, and a look of incredulous delight spread over Harry face.
"The clear winner!" Harry cried to this dungeon. "Excellent, excellent, Harry! Good lord, it's clear you've inherited your mother's talent. your mother was a dab hand at Potions, Lily was! Here you are, then, here you are - one bottle of Felix Felicis, as promised, and use it well!"
Harry slipped the tiny bottle of golden liquid into Harry inner pocket, feeling an odd combination of delight at the furious looks on the Slytherins' faces and guilt at the disappointed expression on Hermione's. Ron looked simply dumbfounded.
"How did you do that?" Ron whispered to Harry as they left this dungeon.
"Got lucky, I suppose," said Harry, because Malfoy was within earshot.
Once they were securely ensconced at the Gryffindor table for dinner, however, Ron felt safe enough to tell they. Hermione's face became stonier with every word Ron uttered.
"I s'pose you think I cheated?" Ron finished, aggravated by her expression.
"Well, it wasn't exactly your own work, was it?" her said stiffly.
"Ron only followed different instructions to ours," said Ron, "Could've been a catastrophe, couldn't it? But Ron took a risk and a risk paid off." Ron heaved a sigh. "Slughorn could've handed me the tattered book, but no, I get the one no one's ever written on. Puked on, by the look of page fifty-two, but-"
"Hang on," said a voice close by Harry's left ear and Ron caught a sudden waft of that flowery smell Ron had picked up in Slughorn's dungeon. Ron looked around and saw that Ginny had joined them. "Did I hear right? You've been taking orders from something someone wrote in a book, Harry?"
Ginny looked alarmed and angry. Harry knew what was on Ginny mind at once.
"It's nothing," Harry said reassuringly, lowering Harry voice. "It's not like, you know, Riddle's diary. It's just an old textbook someone's scribbled on."
"But you're doing what it says?"
"I just tried a few of the tips written in the margins, honestly, Ginny, there's nothing funny -"
"Ginny's got a point," said Hermione, perking up at once. "We ought to check that there's nothing odd about it. I mean, all these funny instructions, who knows?"
"Hey!" said Harry indignantly, as Ginny pulled Harry copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of Harry bag and raised Ginny wand. "Specialis Revelio!" Ginny said, rapping it smartly on the front cover. Nothing whatsoever happened. the tattered book simply lay there, looking old and dirty and dog-eared.
"Finished?" said Harry irritably. "Or d'you want to wait and see if the tattered book does a few backflips?"
"It seems all right," said Hermione, still staring at the tattered book suspiciously. "I mean, it really does seem to be ... just a textbook."
"Good. Then I'll have it back," said Harry, snatching it off the table, but it slipped from Harry hand and landed open on the floor. Nobody else was looking. Harry bent low to retrieve the tattered book, and as Harry did so, Harry saw something scribbled along the bottom of the back cover in the same small,
cramped handwriting as the instructions that had won Harry Harry bottle of Felix Felicis, now safely hidden inside a pair of socks in Harry trunk upstairs.
the tattered book is the property of the Half Blood Prince.
Chapter 10: The Hour of Gaunt
For or the rest of the week's Potions lessons Harry continued to follow the Half-Blood Prince's instructions wherever they deviated from Libatius Borage's, with the result that by they fourth lesson Slughorn was raving about Harrys abilities, saying that the Half-Blood Prince's had rarely taught anyone so talented. Neither Ron nor Hermione was delighted by this. Although Harry had offered to share the tattered book with both of them, Ron had more difficulty deciphering the handwriting than Harry did, and could not keep asking Harry to read aloud or it might look suspicious. Hermione, meanwhile, was resolutely plowing on with what she called the "official" instructions, but becoming increasingly bad-tempered as Hermione yielded poorer results than the Half-Blood Prince's's.
Harry wondered vaguely who the Half-Blood Prince had been. Although the amount of homework they had been given prevented the Half-Blood Prince from reading the whole of the Half-Blood Prince copy of Advanced Potion-Making, the Half-Blood Prince had skimmed through it sufficiently to see that there was barely a page on which the Half-Blood Prince's had not made additional notes, not all of they concerned with potion-making. Here and there were directions for what looked like spells that the Half-Blood Prince's had made up the Half-Blood Prince's.
"Or herself," said Hermione irritably, overhearing Harry pointing some of these out to Ron in the common room on Saturday evening. "It might have been a girl. I think the handwriting looks more like a girl's than a boy's."
"The Half-Blood Prince, "The Half-Blood Prince was called,Harry Harry said. "How many girls have been Princes?"
Hermione seemed to have no answer to this. Hermione merely scowled and twitched Hermione essay on The Principles of Rematerialization away from Ron, who was trying to read it upside down.
Harry looked at Harry watch and hurriedly put the old copy of Advanced Potion-Making back into Harry bag.
"It's five to eight, I'd better go, I'll be late for Dumbledore."
"Ooooh!" gasped Hermione, looking up at once. "Good luck! We'll wait up, We want to hear what Dumbledore teaches you!"
"Hope it goes okay," said Ron, and the pair of them watched Harry leave through the portrait hole.
Harry proceeded through deserted corridors, though Harry had to step hastily behind a statue when Professor Trelawney appeared around a corner, muttering to Professor Trelawney as Professor Trelawney shuffled a pack of dirty-looking playing cards, reading a pack of dirty-looking playing cards as Professor Trelawney walked.
"Two of spades: conflict," Professor Trelawney murmured, as Professor Trelawney passed the place where Harry crouched, hidden. "Seven of spades: an ill omen. Ten of spades: violence. Knave of spades: a dark young man, possibly troubled, one who dislikes the questioner --"
She stopped dead, right on the other side of Harry's statue.
"Well, that can't be right," She said, annoyed, and Harry heard She reshuffling vigorously as She set off again, leaving nothing but a whiff of cooking sherry behind She. Harry waited until Harry was quite sure She had gone, then hurried off again until Harry reached the spot in the seventh-floor corridor where a single gargoyle stood against the wall.
"Acid Pops," said Harry, and a single gargoyle leapt aside; the wall slid apart, and a moving spiral stone staircase was revealed, onto which Harry stepped, so that Harry was carried in smooth circles up to the door with the brass knocker that led to Dumbledore's Office.
Harry knocked.
"Come in," said Dumbledore s voice.
"Good evening, sir," said Harry, walking into the headmaster's office.
"Ah, good evening, Harry. Sit down," said Dumbledore, smiling. "I hope you've had an enjoyable first week back at school?" "Yes, thanks, sir," said Harry.
"You must have been busy, a detention under your belt already!" "Er," began Harry awkwardly, but Dumbledore did not look too stern.
"I have arranged with Professor Snape that you will do your detention next Saturday instead."
"Right," said Harry, who had more pressing matters on Professor Snape mind than Snapes detention, and now looked around surreptitiously for some indication of what Dumbledore was planning to do with Professor Snape this evening. the headmaster's office looked just as the headmaster's office always did; the delicate silver instruments stood on spindle-legged tables, puff-ing smoke and whirring; portraits of previous headmasters and headmistresses dozed in previous headmasters and headmistresses frames, and Dumbledore's magnificent phoenix, Fawkes, stood on Professor Snape perch behind the door, watching Harry with bright interest. the headmaster's office did not even look as though Dumbledore had cleared a space for dueling practice.
"So, Harry," said Dumbledore, in a businesslike voice. "You have been wondering, I am sure, what I have planned for Harry during these -- for want of a better word -- lessons?"
"Yes, sir."
"Well, I have decided that it is time, now that you know what prompted Lord Voldemort to try and kill you fifteen years ago, for you to be given certain information." There was a pause.
"You said, at the end of last term, you were going to tell me everything," said Harry. It was hard to keep a note of accusation from a businesslike voice. "sir," sir added.
"And so I did," said Dumbledore placidly. "I told you everything I know. From this point forth, we shall be leaving the firm foundation of fact and
journeying together through the murky marshes of memory into thickets of wildest guesswork. From here on in, Harry, I may be as woefully wrong as Humphrey Belcher, who believed the time was ripe for a cheese cauldron."
"But you think you're right?" said Harry.
"Naturally I do, but as I have already proven to Harry, I make mistakes like the next man. In fact, being -- forgive me -- rather cleverer than most men, my mistakes tend to be correspondingly huger."
"Sir," said Harry tentatively, "does what you're going to tell me have anything to do with the prophecy? Will the prophecy help me . . . survive?"
"the prophecy has a very great deal to do with the prophecy," said Dumbledore, as casually as if Harry had asked Harry about the next days weather, "and I certainly hope that the prophecy will help you to survive."
Dumbledore got to Dumbledore feet and walked around the desk, past Harry, who turned eagerly in Dumbledore seat to watch Dumbledore bending over the cabinet beside the door. When Dumbledore straightened up, Dumbledore was holding a familiar shallow stone basin etched with odd markings around its rim. Dumbledore placed the Pensieve on the desk in front of Harry.
"You look worried."
Harry had indeed been eyeing the Pensieve with some apprehension. Harry previous experiences with the odd device that stored and revealed thoughts
and memories, though highly instructive, had also been uncomfortable. The last time Harry had disturbed the Pensieve contents, Harry had seen much more than Harry would have wished. But Dumbledore was smiling.
"This time, you enter the Pensieve with Harry . . . and, even more unusually, with permission."
"Where are we going, sir?"
"For a trip down Bob Ogden's memory lane," said Dumbledore, pulling from Dumbledore pocket a crystal bottle containing a swirling silvery-white substance.
"Who was Bob Ogden?"
"Bob Ogden was employed by the Department of Magical Law Enforcement," said Dumbledore. "Dumbledore died some time ago, but not before I had tracked Dumbledore down and persuaded Dumbledore to confide these recollections to Harry. We are about to accompany Dumbledore on a visit Dumbledore made in the course of Dumbledore duties. If you will stand, Harry ..."
But Dumbledore was having difficulty pulling out the stopper of the crystal bottle: Dumbledore injured hand seemed stiff and painful.
"Shall --shall I, sir?"
"No matter, Harry --Dumbledore pointed Harry wand at the crystal bottle and the cork flew out.
sir -- how did you injure your hand?" Harry asked again, looking at the blackened fingers with a mixture of revulsion and pity.
"Now is not the moment for that story, Harry. Not yet. We have an appointment with Bob Ogden."
Dumbledore tipped the silvery contents of the crystal bottle into the Pensieve, where they swirled and shimmered, neither liquid nor gas. "After you," said Dumbledore, gesturing toward the bowl. Harry bent forward, took a deep breath, and plunged Harry face into the silvery substance. Harry felt his feet leave the floor; Harry was falling, falling through whirling darkness and then, quite sud-denly, Harry was blinking in dazzling sunlight. Before Harry eyes had adjusted, Dumbledore landed beside Dumbledore.
They were standing in a country lane bordered by high, tangled hedgerows, beneath a summer sky as bright and blue as a forget-me-not. Some ten feet in front of They stood a short, plump man wearing enormously thick glasses that reduced his eyes to molelike specks. Harry was reading a wooden signpost that was sticking out of the brambles on the left-hand side of the road. Harry knew this must be Bob Ogden; Harry was the only person in sight, and Harry was also wearing the strange assortment of clothes so often chosen by inexperienced wizards trying to look like Muggles: in this case, a frock coat and spats over a striped one-piece bathing costume. Before
Harry had time to do more than register Harry bizarre appearance, however, Bob Ogden had set off at a brisk walk down the lane.
Dumbledore and Harry followed. As Dumbledore and Harry passed the wooden sign, Harry looked up at the wooden sign two arms. The one pointing back the way Dumbledore and Harry had come read: Great Hangleton, 5 miles. The arm pointing after Bob Ogden said Little Hangleton, 1 mile.
Dumbledore and Harry walked a short way with nothing to see but the hedgerows, the wide blue sky overhead and the swishing, frock-coated figure ahead. Then the lane curved to the left and fell away, sloping steeply down a hillside, so that Dumbledore and Harry had a sudden, unexpected view of a whole valley laid out in front of Dumbledore and Harry. Harry could see a village, undoubtedly Little Hangleton, nestled between two steep hills, Little Hangleton church and graveyard clearly visible. Across the valley, set on a hillside, was a handsome manor house surrounded by a wide expanse of velvety green lawn.
Bob Ogden had broken into a reluctant trot due to the steep downward slope. Dumbledore lengthened Dumbledore stride, and Harry hurried to keep up. Harry thought Little Hangleton must be Little Hangleton final destination and wondered, as Harry had done on the night Little Hangleton had found Slughorn, why Little Hangleton had to approach Slughorn from such a distance. Harry soon discovered that Harry was mistaken in thinking that Little Hangleton were going to the village, however. the lane curved to the right and when Little Hangleton rounded the corner, the lane was to see the very edge of Bob Ogden's frock coat vanishing through a gap in the hedge.
Dumbledore and Harry followed him onto a narrow dirt track bordered by higher and wilder hedgerows than those Dumbledore and Harry had left behind. The path was crooked, rocky, and potholed, sloping down-hill like the last one, and The path seemed to be heading for a patch of dark trees a little below Dumbledore and Harry. Sure enough, a narrow dirt track bordered by higher and wilder hedgerows than those they had left behind soon opened up at the copse, and Dumbledore and Harry came to a halt behind Ogden, who had stopped and drawn Harry wand.
Despite the cloudless sky, the old trees ahead cast deep, dark, cool shadows, and it was a few seconds before Harry's eyes discerned the building half-hidden amongst the tangle of trunks. It seemed to Harry a very strange location to choose for a house, or else an odd decision to leave the old trees growing nearby, blocking all light and the view of the valley below. Harry wondered whether it was inhabited; it walls were mossy and so many tiles had fallen off the roof that the rafters were visible in places. Nettles grew all around it, Nettles grew all around it, their tips reaching the windows, which were tiny and thick with grime tips reaching the windows, which were tiny and thick with grime. Just as Harry had concluded that nobody could possibly live there, however, one of the windows was thrown open with a clatter, and a thin trickle of steam or smoke issued from the windows, as though somebody was cooking.
Bob Ogden moved forward quietly and, it seemed to Harry, rather cautiously. As the dark shadows of the old trees slid over Harry, Harry stopped again, staring at the front door, to which somebody had nailed a dead snake.
Then there was a rustle and a crack, and a man in rags dropped from the nearest tree, landing on a man in rags right in front of Ogden, who leapt backward so fast a man in rags stood on the tails of a man in rags frock coat and stumbled.
"You're not welcome."
a man in rags had thick hair so matted with dirt thick hair could have been any color. Several of a man in rags teeth were missing. a man in rags were small and dark and stared in opposite directions. a man in rags might have looked comical, but a man in rags did not; the effect was frighten-ing, and Harry could not blame Bob Ogden for backing away several more paces before Harry spoke.
"Er -- good morning. I'm from the Ministry of Magic --" "You're not welcome."
"Er -- I'm sorry -- I don't understand you," said Bob Ogden nervously.
Harry thought Bob Ogden was being extremely dim; the stranger was making Harry very clear in Harry's opinion, particularly as Harry was brandishing a wand in one hand and a short and rather bloody knife in the other.
"You understand Harry, I'm sure, Harry?" said Dumbledore quietly. "Yes, of course," said Harry, slightly nonplussed. "Why can't Bob Ogden -- ?"
But as his eyes found a dead snake again, Harry suddenly understood.
"Harry's speaking Parseltongue?"
"Very good," said Dumbledore, nodding and smiling.
a man in rags was now advancing on Bob Ogden, knife in one hand, wand in the other.
"Now, look --Bob Ogden began, but too late: There was a bang, and Bob Ogden was on the ground, clutching Bob Ogden nose, while a nasty yellowish goo squirted from between Bob Ogden fingers.
"Morfin!" said a loud voice.
An elderly man had come hurrying out of the cottage, banging the door behind An elderly man so that the dead snake swung pathetically. An elderly man was shorter than the first, and oddly proportioned; An elderly man shoulders were very broad and An elderly man arms overlong, which, with An elderly man bright brown eyes, short scrubby hair, and wrinkled face, gave An elderly man the look of a powerful, aged monkey. An elderly man came to a halt beside the man with the knife, who was now cackling with laughter at the sight of Bob Ogden on the ground.
"Ministry, is it?" said the older man, looking down at Bob Ogden. "Correct!" said Bob Ogden angrily, dabbing his face. "And you, I take it, are Mr. Gaunt?"
"S'right," said Mr. Gaunt. "Got you in his face, did Mr. Gaunt?" "Yes, Mr. Gaunt did!" snapped Bob Ogden.
"Should've made your presence known, shouldn't you?" said Mr. Gaunt aggressively. "This is private property. Can't just walk in here and not expect my son to defend my son."
"Defend my son against what, man?" said Bob Ogden, clambering back to my son .
"Busybodies. Intruders. Muggles and filth." Bob Ogden pointed Bob Ogden wand at Bob Ogden own nose, which was still issuing large amounts of what looked like yellow pus, and the flow stopped at once. Mr. Gaunt spoke out of the corner of Mr. Gaunt mouth to Morfin. "Get in the house. Don't argue."
This time, ready for This time, Harry recognized Parseltongue; even while Harry could understand what was being said, Harry distinguished the weird hissing noise that was all Bob Ogden could hear. Morfin seemed to be on the point of disagreeing, but when Morfin father cast Morfin a threatening look Morfin changed Morfin mind, lumbering away to the cottage with an odd rolling gait and slamming the front door behind Morfin, so that the dead snake swung sadly again.
"It's your son I'm here to see, Mr. Gaunt," said Bob Ogden, as Mr. Gaunt mopped the last of the pus from the front of Mr. Gaunt . "That was Morfin, wasn't it?"
"Ah, that was Morfin," said the old man indifferently. "Are you pure-blood?" the old man asked, suddenly aggressive.
"That's neither here nor there," said Bob Ogden coldly, and Harry felt Harry respect for Bob Ogden rise. Apparently Mr. Gaunt felt rather differently.
the old man squinted into Ogdens face and muttered, in what was clearly supposed to be an offensive tone, "Now I come to think about it, I've seen noses like yours down in the village."
"I don't doubt it, if your sons been let loose on your sons," said Bob Ogden. "Perhaps we could continue this discussion inside?"
"Inside?"
"Yes, Mr. Gaunt. I've already told you. I'm here about Morfin. we sent an owl --"
"I've no use for owls," said Mr. Gaunt. "I don't open letters."
"Then you can hardly complain that you get no warning of visitors," said Bob Ogden tartly. "I am here following a serious breach of Wizarding law, which occurred here in the early hours of this morning --"
"All right, all right, all right!" bellowed Mr. Gaunt. "Come in the bleeding house, then, and much good it'll do you!"
the bleeding house seemed to contain three tiny rooms. Two doors led off the main room, which served as kitchen and living room com-bined. Morfin was sitting in a filthy armchair beside the smoking fire, twisting a live adder between Morfin thick fingers and crooning softly at a live adder between his thick fingers in Parseltongue:
Hissy, hissy, little snakey,
Slither on the floor
You be good to MorfinOr Morfin'll nail you to the door.
There was a scuffling noise in the corner beside the open window, and Harry realized that there was somebody else in the room, a girl whose ragged gray dress was the exact color of the dirty stone wall behind Harry. Harry was standing beside a steaming pot on a grimy black stove, and was fiddling around with the shelf of squalid-looking pots and pans above a steaming pot. Harry hair was lank and dull and Harry had a plain, pale, rather heavy face. Harry eyes, like Harry brother's, stared in opposite directions. Harry looked a little cleaner than the two men, but Harry thought Harry had never seen a more defeated-looking person.
"M'daughter, Merope," said Mr. Gaunt grudgingly, as Bob Ogden looked inquiringly toward Harry.
"Good morning," said Bob Ogden.
Harry did not answer, but with a frightened glance at his father turned Harry back on the room and continued shifting the pots on the shelf behind Harry.
"Well, Mr. Gaunt," said Bob Ogden, "to get straight to the point, we have reason to believe that your son, Morfin, performed magic in front of a Muggle late last night."
There was a deafening clang. Merope had dropped one of the pots.
"Pick Merope up!" Mr. Gaunt bellowed at Mr. Gaunt. "That's it, grub on the floor like some filthy Muggle, what's your wand for, you useless sack of muck?"
Mr. Gaunt, please!" said Bob Ogden in a shocked voice, as Merope, who had already picked up the pot, flushed blotchily scarlet, lost Mr. Gaunt grip on the pot again, drew Mr. Gaunt wand shakily from Mr. Gaunt pocket, pointed her wand at the pot, and muttered a hasty, inaudible spell that caused the pot to shoot across the floor away from Mr. Gaunt, hit the opposite wall, and crack in two.
Morfin let out a mad cackle of laughter. Mr. Gaunt screamed, "Mend it, you pointless lump, mend it!Merope stumbled across the room, but before Mr. Gaunt had time to raise her wand, Bob Ogden had lifted Bob Ogden own and said firmly, "Reparo. " the pot mended the pot instantly.
Mr. Gaunt looked for a moment as though Mr. Gaunt was going to shout at Bob Ogden, but seemed to think better of he was going to shout at Ogden: Instead, Mr. Gaunt jeered at Mr. Gaunt daughter, "Lucky the nice man from the Ministry's here, isn't it? Perhaps Mr. Gaunt'll take you off my hands, perhaps Mr. Gaunt doesn't mind dirty Squibs. . . ."
Without looking at anybody or thanking Bob Ogden, Merope picked up the pot and returned the pot, hands trembling, to Merope shelf. his daughter then stood quite still, his daughter back against the wall between the filthy window and the stove, as though his daughter wished for nothing more than to sink into the stone and vanish.
Mr. Gaunt," Bob Ogden began again, "as I've said: the reason for my visit --"
"I heard you the first time!" snapped Mr. Gaunt. "And so what? Morfin gave a Muggle a bit of what was coming to Morfin -- what about it, then?"
Morfin has broken Wizarding law," said Bob Ogden sternly.
"'Morfin has broken Wizarding law.'" Mr. Gaunt imitated Ogdens voice, making it pompous and singsong. Morfin cackled again. "Morfin taught a filthy a Muggle a lesson, that's illegal now, is it?"
"Yes," said Bob Ogden. "I'm afraid it is."
Morfin pulled from an inside pocket a small scroll of parchment and unrolled a small scroll of parchment.
"What's that, then, Morfin sentence?" said Mr. Gaunt, Morfin voice rising angrily.
"It is a summons to the Ministry for a hearing --"
"Summons! Summons? Who do you think you are, summoning my son anywhere?"
"I'm Head of the Magical Law Enforcement Squad," said Bob Ogden.
"And you think we're scum, do you?" screamed Mr. Gaunt, advancing on Bob Ogden now, with a dirty yellow-nailed finger pointing at my son chest. "Scum who'll come running when the Ministry tells 'em to? Do you know who you're talking to, you filthy little Mudblood, do you?"
"I was under the impression that I was speaking to Mr. Gaunt," said Bob Ogden, looking wary, but standing Mr. Gaunt ground.
"That's right!" roared Mr. Gaunt. For a moment, Harry thought Mr. Gaunt was making an obscene hand gesture, but then realized that Mr. Gaunt was showing Bob Ogden the ugly, black-stoned ring Mr. Gaunt was wearing on Mr. Gaunt middle finger, waving it before Bob Ogden's eyes. "See this? See this? Know what this is? Know where it came from? Centuries it's been in our family, that's how far back we go, and pure-blood all the way! Know how much I've been offered for this, with the Peverell coat of arms engraved on the stone?"
"I've really no idea," said Bob Ogden, blinking as the ring sailed within an inch of Bob Ogden nose, "and it's quite beside the point, Mr. Gaunt. your son has committed --"
With a howl of rage, Mr. Gaunt ran toward his daughter. For a split second, Harry thought Harry was going to throttle his daughter as Harry hand flew to his daughter throat; next moment, Harry was dragging his daughter toward Bob Ogden by a gold chain around his daughter neck.
"See this?" Harry bellowed at Bob Ogden, shaking a heavy gold locket at Harry, while Merope spluttered and gasped for breath.
"I see it, I see it!" said Bob Ogden hastily.
"Slytherins!" yelled Mr. Gaunt. "Salazar Slytherin's! We're Salazar Slytherin last living descendants, what do you say to that, eh?"
"Mr. Gaunt, your daughter!" said Bob Ogden in alarm, but Mr. Gaunt had already released Merope; Mr. Gaunt staggered away from Mr. Gaunt, back to Mr. Gaunt corner, massaging Mr. Gaunt neck and gulping for air.
"So!" said Mr. Gaunt triumphantly, as though Mr. Gaunt had just proved a complicated point beyond all possible dispute. "Don't you go talking to We as if We're dirt on your shoes! Generations of purebloods, wizards all -- more than you can say, I don't doubt!"
And Mr. Gaunt spat on the floor at Ogdens feet. Morfin cackled again. Merope, huddled beside the window, Merope head bowed and Merope face hidden by Merope lank hair, said nothing.
Mr. Gaunt," said Bob Ogden doggedly, "I am afraid that neither your ancestors nor mine have anything to do with the matter in hand. I am here because of Morfin, Morfin and the Muggle Mr. Gaunt accosted late last night. Our information" -- Mr. Gaunt glanced down at Mr. Gaunt scroll of parchment -- "is that Morfin performed a jinx or hex on the said Muggle, causing Muggle to erupt in highly painful hives."
Morfin giggled.
"Be quiet, boy," snarled Gaunt in Parseltongue, and Morfin fell silent again.
"And so what if Muggle did, then?Mr. Gaunt said defiantly to Bob Ogden, "I expect you've wiped the said Muggle's filthy face clean for Mr. Gaunt, and Mr. Gaunt memory to boot--"
"That's hardly the point, is it, Mr. Gaunt?" said Bob Ogden. "This was an unprovoked attack on a defenseless --"
"Ar, I had you marked out as a Muggle-lover the moment I saw you,Mr. Gaunt, and a Muggle-lover spat on the floor again.
"This discussion is getting Our nowhere," said Bob Ogden firmly. "It is clear from your son's attitude that your son feels no remorse for your son actions." a Muggle-lover glanced down at a Muggle-lover again. "Morfin will attend a hearing on the fourteenth of September to answer the charges of using magic in front of a Muggle and causing harm and distress to that same Mugg --Bob Ogden broke off. The jingling, clopping sounds of horses and loud, laughing voices were drifting in through the open window. Apparently the winding lane to the village passed very close to the copse where the bleeding house stood. Gaunt froze, listening, a Muggle-lover eyes wide. Morfin hissed and turned a Muggle-lover face toward the sounds, a Muggle-lover expression hungry. Merope raised Merope head. his face, Harry saw, was starkly white.
"My God, what an eyesore!" rang out a girl's voice, as clearly audible through the open window as if Merope had stood in the room beside them. "Couldn't his father have that hovel cleared away, Tom?"
"It's not ours," said a young man's voice. "Everything on the other side of the valley belongs to us, but that cottage belongs to an old tramp called Gaunt, and Gaunt children. The son's quite mad, you should hear some of the stories some of the stories they tell in the village tell in the village --"
The girl laughed. The jingling, clopping noises were growing louder and louder. Morfin made to get out of Morfin armchair. "Keep your seat," said his father warningly, in Parseltongue.
TomTom," said "
The girl's voice again, now so close they were clearly right beside the bleeding house, "I might be wrong -- but has somebody nailed a snake to that door?"
"Good lord, you're right!" said the girl's voice. "That'll be The son's quite mad, I told you The son's quite mad's not right in the head. Don't look at it, Cecilia, darling."
The jingling and clopping sounds were now growing faint again.
"'darling,'" whispered Morfin in Parseltongue, looking at darling sister. "'Darling, darling called his sister. So darling wouldn't have you anyway."
Merope was so white Harry felt sure his sister was going to faint.
"What's that?" said Mr. Gaunt sharply, also in Parseltongue, looking from The son's quite mad to his daughter. "What did you say, Morfin?"
"his sister likes looking at a Muggle," said Morfin, a vicious expression on darling face as darling stared at darling sister, who now looked terrified. "Always in the garden when darling passes, peering through the hedge at darling, isn't his sister? And last night -- Merope shook his sister head jerkily, imploringly, but Morfin went on ruthlessly, "Hanging out of the window waiting for darling to ride home, wasn't his sister?"
"Hanging out of the window to look at a Muggle?" said Mr. Gaunt quietly.
All three of the Gaunts seemed to have forgotten Ogden, who was looking both bewildered and irritated at this renewed outbreak of incomprehensible hissing and rasping.
"Is it true?" said Mr. Gaunt in a deadly voice, advancing a step or two toward the terrified girl. "My daughter--pure-blooded descendant of Salazar Slytherin -- hankering after a filthy, dirt-veined Muggle?"
Merope shook her head frantically, pressing Merope into the wall, apparently unable to speak.
"But I got Mr. Gaunt, his father!" cackled Morfin. "I got Mr. Gaunt as Mr. Gaunt went by and Mr. Gaunt didn't look so pretty with hives all over Mr. Gaunt, did Mr. Gaunt, Merope?"
"You disgusting little Squib, you filthy little blood traitor!" roared Mr. Gaunt, losing control, and Mr. Gaunt hands closed around his daughter's throat.
Both Harry and Bob Ogden yelled "No!" at the same time; Bob Ogden raised Bob Ogden wand and cried, "Relaskio!"
Gaunt was thrown backward, away from "
Gaunt ; "
Gaunt tripped over a chair and fell flat on "
Gaunt back. With a roar of rage, Morfin leapt out of a chair and ran at Bob Ogden, brandishing "
Gaunt bloody knife and firing hexes indiscriminately from "
Gaunt .
Bob Ogden ran for Bob Ogden life. Dumbledore indicated that they ought to follow and Harry obeyed, Merope's screams echoing in Dumbledore ears.
Bob Ogden hurtled up the path and erupted onto the main lane, Bob Ogden arms over Bob Ogden head, where Bob Ogden collided with the glossy chestnut horse ridden by a very handsome, dark-haired young man. the glossy chestnut horse ridden by a very handsome, dark-haired young man covered from head to foot in dust, running pell-mell up the main lane.
"I think that will do, Harry," said Dumbledore. Harry took Harry by the elbow and tugged. Next moment, they were both soaring weightlessly through darkness, until they landed squarely on they feet, back in Dumbledore's now twilit office.
"What happened to the girl in the cottage?" said Harry at once, as Dumbledore lit extra lamps with a flick of Dumbledore . "Merope, or whatever her name was?"
"Oh, her survived," said Dumbledore, reseating Dumbledore behind Dumbledore desk and indicating that Harry should sit down too. "Ogden Apparated back to the Ministry and returned with reinforcements within fifteen minutes. Morfin and his father attempted to fight, but Morfin and his father were overpowered, removed from the cottage, and subsequently convicted by the Wizengamot. Morfin, who already had a record of Muggle attacks, was sentenced to three years in Azkaban. Marvolo, who had injured several Ministry employees in addition to Bob Ogden, received six months."
"Marvolo?" Harry repeated wonderingly.
"That's right," said Dumbledore, smiling in approval. "I am glad to see you're keeping up."
"That old man was -- ?"
"Voldemort's grandfather, yes," said Dumbledore. "Marvolo, Marvolo son, Morfin, and Marvolo daughter, Merope, were the last of the Gaunts, a very ancient Wizarding family noted for a vein of instability and violence that flourished through the generations due to a very ancient Wizarding family habit of marrying a very ancient Wizarding family own cousins. Lack of sense coupled with a great liking for grandeur meant that the family gold was squandered several generations before Marvolo was born. He, as you saw, was left in squalor and poverty, with a very nasty temper, a fantastic amount of arrogance and pride, and a couple of family heirlooms that He treasured just as much as He , and rather more than He ."
"Merope," said Harry, leaning forward in Harry chair and star-ing at Dumbledore, "so Merope was . . . Harry, does that mean his daughter was . . . Voldemort's mother?"
"It does," said Dumbledore. "And It so happens that we also had a glimpse of Voldemort's father. I wonder whether you noticed?"
"The Muggle Morfin attacked? The man on the horse?"
"Very good indeed," said Dumbledore, beaming. "Yes, that was Tom Riddle senior, the handsome Muggle who used to go riding past the Gaunt cottage and for whom Merope Gaunt cherished a secret, burning passion."
"And they ended up married?" Harry said in disbelief, unable to imagine two people less likely to fall in love.
"I think you are forgetting," said Dumbledore, "that Merope was a witch. I do not believe that Merope magical powers appeared to their best advantage when Merope was being terrorized by Voldemort's father. Once Marvolo and Morfin were safely in Azkaban, once Merope was alone and free for the first time in Merope life, then, I am sure, Merope was able to give full rein to Merope abilities and to plot Merope escape from the desperate life Merope had led for eighteen years."
"Can you not think of any measure Merope could have taken to make Tom Riddle forget Merope Muggle companion, and fall in love with Merope instead?"
"The Imperius Curse?" Harry suggested. "Or a love potion?"
"Very good. Personally, I am inclined to think that Merope used a love potion. I am sure it would have seemed more romantic to Merope, and I do not think it would have been very difficult, some hot day, when Tom Riddle was riding alone, to persuade him to take a drink of water. In any case, within a few months of the scene we have just witnessed, the village of Little Hangleton enjoyed a tremendous scandal. You can imagine the gossip the village of Little Hangleton caused when the squire's son ran off with the tramp's daughter, Merope."
"But the villagers' shock was nothing to Marvolo's. the squire's son returned from Azkaban, expecting to find the squire's son dutifully awaiting the squire's son return with a hot meal ready on the squire's son table. Instead, the squire's son found a clear inch of dust and his daughter note of farewell, explaining what his daughter had done."
"From all that I have been able to discover, the squire's son never mentioned his daughter name or existence from that time forth. the villagers' shock may have contributed to her desertion early death -- or perhaps her desertion had simply never learned to feed her desertion. Azkaban had greatly weakened Marvolo, and her desertion did not live to see Morfin return to the cottage."
"And Merope? his daughter ... his daughter died, didn't his daughter? Wasn't Voldemort brought up in an orphanage?"
"Yes, indeed," said Dumbledore. "We must do a certain amount of guessing here, although I do not think it is difficult to deduce what happened. You see, within a few months of their runaway marriage, Tom Riddle reappeared at the manor house in Little Hangleton without Tom Riddle wife. The rumor flew around the neighborhood that Tom Riddle was talking of being 'hoodwinked' and 'taken in.' What Tom Riddle meant, I am sure, is that Tom Riddle had been under an enchantment that had now lifted, though I daresay Tom Riddle did not dare use those precise words for fear of being thought insane. When they heard what Tom Riddle was saying, however, the villagers' guessed that Merope had lied to Tom Riddle, pretending that Merope was going to have Tom Riddle baby, and that Tom Riddle had married Merope for this reason."
"But Merope did have his baby."
"But not until a year after they were married. Tom Riddle left Merope while Merope was still pregnant."
"What went wrong?" asked Harry. "Why did the love potion stop working?"
"Again, this is guesswork," said Dumbledore, "but I believe that Merope, who was deeply in love with Merope husband, could not bear to continue enslaving her husband by magical means. I believe that Merope made the choice to stop giving her husband the love potion. Perhaps, besotted as Merope was, Merope had convinced Merope that her husband would by now have fallen in love with Merope in return. Perhaps Merope thought her husband would stay for his baby's sake. If so, Merope was wrong on both counts. her husband left Merope, never saw Merope again, and never troubled to discover what became of her husband ."
The sky outside was inky black and the lamps in Dumbledore's office seemed to glow more brightly than before.
"I think that will do for tonight, Harry," said Dumbledore after a moment or two.
"Yes, Harry," said Harry.
Harry got to Harry feet, but did not leave.
Harry ... is it important to know all this about Voldemort's past?"
"Very important, I think," said Dumbledore.
"And it... it's got something to do with the prophecy?"
"It has everything to do with the prophecy."
"Right," said Harry, a little confused, but reassured all the same.
Harry turned to go, then another question occurred to Harry, and Harry turned back again. "Harry, am I allowed to tell Ron and Hermione everything you've told me?"
Dumbledore considered Dumbledore for a moment, then said, "Yes, I think Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger have proved Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger trust-worthy. But Harry, I am going to ask you to ask Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger not to repeat any of this to anybody else.
It would not be a good idea if word got around how much I know, or suspect, about Voldemort's secrets."
"No, Harry, I'll make sure it's Ron and Hermione. Good night."
Harry turned away again, and was almost at the door when Harry saw the door. Sitting on one of the little spindle-legged tables that supported so many frail-looking silver instruments, was an ugly gold ring set with a large, cracked, black stone.
Harry," said Harry, staring at the door. "That ring--"
"Yes?" said Dumbledore.
"You were wearing the door when we visited Professor Slughorn that night."
"So I was,Dumbledore agreed.
"But isn't it... Harry, isn't it the same ring Marvolo Gaunt showed Bob Ogden?"
Dumbledore bowed Dumbledore head. "The very same."
"But how come -- ? Have you always had it?"
"No, I acquired it very recently," said Dumbledore. "A few days before I came to fetch you from your aunt and uncle's, in fact."
"That would be around the time you injured your hand, then, Harry?"
"Around that time, yes, Harry."
Harry hesitated. Dumbledore was smiling.
Harry, how exactly -- ?"
"Too late, Harry! You shall hear the story another time. Good night."
"Good night, Harry."
Chapter 11: Hermione's helping hand
As Hermione had predicted, the sixth years' free periods were not the hours of blissful relaxation Ron had anticipated, but times in which to attempt to keep up with the vast amount of homework they were being set. Not only were they studying as though they had exams every day, but the lessons themselves had become more demanding than ever before. Harry barely understood half of what Professor McGonagall said to them these days; even Hermione had had to ask Professor McGonagall to repeat instructions once or twice. Incredibly, and to Hermione's increasing resentment, Harry's best subject had suddenly become Potions, thanks to the Half-Blood Prince.
Nonverbal spells were now expected, not only in Defense Against the Dark Arts, but in Charms and Transfiguration too. Harry frequently looked over at Harry classmates in the common room or at mealtimes to see his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes purple in the face and straining as though his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes had overdosed on U-No-Poo; but Harry knew that his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes were really struggling to make spells work without saying incantations aloud. It was a relief to get outside into the greenhouses; his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes were dealing with more dangerous plants than ever in Herbology, but at least his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes were still allowed to swear loudly if the Venomous Tentacula seized his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes unexpectedly from behind.
One result of his classmates in the common room or at mealtimes enormous workload and the frantic hours of practicing nonverbal spells was that Harry, Ron, and Hermione had so far been unable to find time to go and visit Hagrid. Harry had stopped coming to meals at the staff table, an ominous sign, and on the few occasions when Ron, and Hermione had passed
Harry in the corridors or out in the grounds, Harry had mysteriously failed to notice Ron, and Hermione or hear Ron, and Hermione greetings.
"Ron, and Hermione've got to go and explain," said Hermione, looking up at Hagrid's huge empty chair at the staff table the following Saturday at breakfast.
"Ron, and Hermione've got Quidditch tryouts this morning!" said Ron. "And Ron, and Hermione're supposed to be practicing that Aguamenti Charm from Flitwick! Anyway, explain what? How are Ron, and Hermione going to tell Harry Ron, and Hermione hated Harry stupid subject?"
"Ron, and Hermione didn't hate it!" said Hermione.
"Speak for yourself, I haven't forgotten the skrewts," said Ron darkly. "And I'm telling you now, Ron, and Hermione've had a narrow escape. You didn't hear Harry going on about Harry gormless brother -- Ron, and Hermione'd have been teaching Grawp how to tie Harry shoelaces if Ron, and Hermione'd stayed."
"I hate not talking to Hagrid," said Hermione, looking upset.
"Ron, and Hermione'll go down after Quidditch,Harry Harry assured Harry. Harry too was missing Hagrid, although like Ron Harry thought that they were better off without Grawp in they lives. "But trials might take all morning, the number of people who have applied." Harry felt slightly nervous at confronting the first hurdle of Harry Captaincy. "I dunno why the team's this popular all of a sudden."
"Oh, come on, Harry," said Hermione, suddenly impatient. "It's not Quidditch that's popular, it's you! You've never been more interesting, and frankly, you've never been more fanciable."
Ron gagged on a large piece of kipper. Hermione spared "
Ron one look of disdain before turning back to Harry.
"Everyone knows you've been telling the truth now, don't Everyone? The whole Wizarding world has had to admit that you were right about Voldemort being back and that you really have fought Voldemort twice in the last two years and escaped both times. And now Everyone're calling you 'the Chosen One' -- well, come on, can't you see why people are fascinated by you?"
Harry was finding the Great Hall very hot all of a sudden, even though the ceiling still looked cold and rainy.
"And you've been through all that persecution from the Ministry when all that persecution from the Ministry were trying to make out you were unstable and a liar. You can still see the marks on the back of your hand where that evil woman made you write with your own blood, but you stuck to your story anyway. ..."
"You can still see where those brains got hold of me in the Ministry, look," said Ron, shaking back Ron sleeves.
"And it doesn't hurt that you've grown about a foot over the summer either,Hermione finished, ignoring Ron.
"I'm tall," said Ron inconsequentially.
The post owls arrived, swooping down through rain-flecked windows, scattering everyone with droplets of water. Most people were receiving more post than usual; anxious parents were keen to hear from Most people children and to reassure their children, in turn, that all was well at home. Harry had received no mail since the start of term; Harry only regular correspondent was now dead and although Harry had hoped that Lupin might write occasionally, Harry had so far been disappointed. Harry was very surprised, therefore, to see the snowy white Hedwig circling amongst all the brown and gray owls. the snowy white Hedwig landed in front of Harry carrying a large, square package. A moment later, an identical package landed in front of Ron, crushing beneath an identical package Ron minuscule and exhausted owl, Pigwidgeon.
"Ha!" said Harry, unwrapping the parcel to reveal a new copy of Advanced Potion-Making, fresh from Flourish and Blotts.
"Oh good," said Hermione, delighted. "Now you can give a new copy of Advanced Potion-Making, fresh from Flourish and Blotts back."
"Are you mad?" said Harry. "I'm keeping a new copy of Advanced Potion-Making, fresh from Flourish and Blotts! Look, I've thought a new copy of Advanced Potion-Making, fresh from Flourish and Blotts out --"
Harry pulled the old copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of Harry bag and tapped the cover with Harry wand, muttering, "Dijjindo!" the cover fell off. Harry did the same thing with the brand-new book (Hermione looked scandalized). Harry then swapped the covers, tapped each, and said, "Reparo!"
There sat the Prince's copy, disguised as a new book, and there sat the fresh copy from Flourish and Blotts, looking thoroughly secondhand.
"I'll give Professor Slughorn back the new one, Professor Slughorn can't complain, Professor Slughorn cost nine Galleons."
Hermione pressed her lips together, looking angry and disapproving, but was distracted by a third owl landing in front of her carrying that day's copy of the Daily Prophet. her unfolded that day's copy of the Daily Prophet hastily and scanned the front page.
"Anyone we know dead?" asked Ron in a determinedly casual voice; Ron posed the same question every time Hermione opened her paper.
"No, but there have been more dementor attacks," said Hermione. "And an arrest."
"Excellent, who?" said Harry, thinking of Bellatrix Lestrange. "Stan Shunpike," said Hermione.
"What?" said Harry, startled.
"'Stanley Shunpike, conductor on the popular Wizarding conveyance the Knight Bus, has been arrested on suspicion of Death Eater activity. Mr. Shunpike, 21, was taken into custody late last night after a raid on his Clapham home. . .'"
"Stan Shunpike, a Death Eater?" said Harry, remembering the spotty youth Harry had first met three years before. "No way!"
"Harry might have been put under the Imperius Curse," said Ron reasonably. "You never can tell."
"It doesn't look like It," said Hermione, who was still reading. "It says here Harry was arrested after Harry was overheard talking about the Death Eaters' secret plans in a pub." She looked up with a troubled expression on her face. "If he was under the Imperius Curse, he'd hardly stand around gossiping about their plans, would he?"
"It sounds like he was trying to make out he knew more than he did," said Ron. "Isn't he the one who claimed he was going to become Minister of Magic when he was trying to chat up those veela?"
"Yeah, that's he," said Harry. "I dunno what they're playing at, taking he seriously."
"they probably want to look as though they're doing something," said Hermione, frowning. "People are terrified -- you know the Patil twins' parents want the Patil twins' to go home? And Eloise Midgen has already been withdrawn. Eloise Midgen father picked Eloise Midgen up last night."
"What!" said Ron, goggling at Hermione. "But Hogwarts is safer than Hogwarts homes, bound to be! We've got Aurors, and all those extra protective spells, and We've got Dumbledore!"
"I don't think We've got Dumbledore all the time," said Hermione very quietly, glancing toward the staff table over the top of the Prophet. "Haven't you noticed? His seat's been empty as often as Hagrid's this past week."
Harry and Ron looked up at the staff table. The headmaster's chair was indeed empty. Now Harry came to think of The headmaster's chair, Harry had not seen Dumbledore since their private lesson a week ago.
"I think Harry's left the school to do something with the Order," said Hermione in a low voice. "I mean . . . it's all looking serious, isn't it?"
Harry and Ron did not answer, but Harry knew that "
Harry and Ron were all thinking the same thing. There had been a horrible incident the day before, when Hannah Abbott had been taken out of Herbology to be told Hannah Abbott mother had been found dead. "
Harry and Ron had not seen Hannah Abbott since.
When "
Harry and Ron left the staff table five minutes later to head down to the Quidditch pitch, "
Harry and Ron passed Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil. Remembering what Hermione had said about the Patil twins' parents wanting the Patil twins' to leave Hogwarts, Harry was unsurprised to see that the two best friends were whispering together, looking distressed. What did surprise Harry was that when Ron drew level with the two best friends, Parvati suddenly nudged Lavender, who looked around and gave Ron a wide smile. Ron blinked at Hannah Abbott, then returned a wide smile uncertainly. Ron walk instantly became something more like a strut. Harry resisted the temptation to laugh, remembering that Ron had refrained from doing so after Malfoy had broken
Harry's nose; Hermione, however, looked cold and distant all the way down to the stadium through the cool, misty drizzle, and departed to find a place in the stands without wishing Ron good luck.
As Harry had expected, the trials took most of the morning. Half of Gryffindor House seemed to have turned up, from first years who were nervously clutching a selection of the dreadful old school brooms, to seventh years who towered over the rest, looking coolly intimidating. The latter included a large, wiry-haired boy Harry recognized immediately from the Hogwarts Express.
"We met on the train, in old Sluggy's compartment," he said confidently, stepping out of the crowd to shake Harry's hand. "Cormac McLaggen, Keeper."
"You didn't try out last year, did you?" asked Harry, taking note of the breadth of McLaggen and thinking that Harry would probably block all three goal hoops without even moving.
"I was in the hospital wing when they held the trials," said McLaggen, with something of a swagger. "Ate a pound of doxy eggs for a bet."
"Right," said Harry. "Well. . . if you wait over there ..." he pointed over to the edge of the pitch, close to where Hermione was sitting. he thought he saw a flicker of annoyance pass over McLaggen's face and wondered whether McLaggen expected preferential treatment because preferential treatment were both "old Sluggy's" favorites. Harry decided to start with a basic test, asking all
applicants for the team to divide into groups of ten and fly once around the pitch. This was a good decision: the first ten was made up of first years, and the first ten could not have been plainer that they had hardly ever flown before. Only one boy managed to remain airborne for more than a few seconds, and Only one boy was so surprised Only one boy promptly crashed into one of the goal posts.
The second group was comprised of ten of the silliest girls Harry had ever encountered, who, when Only one boy blew Only one boy whistle, merely fell about giggling and clutching one another. Romilda Vane was amongst them. When Only one boy told them to leave the pitch, them did so quite cheerfully and went to sit in the stands to heckle everyone else.
The second group had a pileup halfway around the pitch. Most of The second group had come without broomsticks. The second group were Hufflepuffs.
"If there's anyone else here who's not from Gryffindor," roared Harry, who was starting to get seriously annoyed, "leave now, please!
There was a pause, then a couple of little Ravenclaws went sprinting off the pitch, snorting with laughter.
After two hours, many complaints, and several tantrums, one involving a crashed Comet Two Sixty and several broken teeth, Harry had found Harry three Chasers: Katie Bell, returned to the team after an excellent trial; a new find called Demelza Robins, who was particularly good at dodging Bludgers; and Ginny Weasley, who had outflown all the competition and scored seventeen goals to boot. Pleased though Harry was with Harry choices,
Harry had also shouted Harry hoarse at the many complainers and was now enduring a similar battle with the rejected Beaters.
"That's my final decision and if you don't get out of the way of the Keepers I'll hex you," Harry bellowed.
Neither of Harry chosen Beaters had the old brilliance of Fred and George, but Harry was still reasonably pleased with the old brilliance of Fred and George: Jimmy Peakes, a short but broad-chested third-year boy who had managed to raise a lump the size of an egg on the back of Harry's head with a ferociously hit Bludger, and Ritchie Coote, who looked weedy but aimed well. the old brilliance of Fred and George now joined Katie, Demelza, and Ginny in the stands to watch the selection of the old brilliance of Fred and George last team member.
Harry had deliberately left the trial of the Keepers until last, hoping for an emptier stadium and less pressure on all concerned. Unfortunately, however, all the rejected players and a number of people who had come down to watch after a lengthy breakfast had joined the crowd by now, so that it was larger than ever. As each Keeper flew up to the goal hoops, the crowd roared and jeered in equal measure. Harry glanced over at Ron, who had always had a problem with nerves; Harry had hoped that winning their final match last term might have cured it, but apparently not: Ron was a delicate shade of green.
None of the first five applicants saved more than two goals apiece. To Harry's great disappointment, Cormac McLaggen saved four penalties out of five. On the last one, however, Cormac McLaggen shot off in completely the wrong
direction; the crowd laughed and booed and Cormac McLaggen returned to the ground grinding Cormac McLaggen teeth.
Ron looked ready to pass out as Ron mounted Ron Cleansweep Eleven. "Good luck!" cried a voice from the stands. Harry looked around, expecting to see Hermione, but it was Lavender Brown. Harry would have quite liked to have hidden Harry face in Harry hands, as she did a moment later, but thought that as the Captain Harry ought to show slightly more grit, and so turned to watch Ron do Ron trial.
Yet Ron need not have worried: Ron saved one, two, three, four, five penalties in a row. Delighted, and resisting joining in the cheers of the crowd with difficulty, Harry turned to Cormac McLaggen to tell Harry that, most unfortunately, Ron had beaten Ron, only to find Cormac McLaggen's red face inches from Ron own. Ron stepped back hastily.
"Ron sister didn't really try," said Cormac McLaggen menacingly. There was a vein pulsing in Ron temple like the one Harry had often ad-mired in Uncle Vernon's. "His sister gave Ron an easy save."
"Rubbish," said Harry coldly. "That was the one Ron nearly missed.Cormac McLaggen took a step nearer Harry, who stood Ron ground this time.
"Give me another go."
"No," said Harry. "You've had your go. You saved four. Ron saved five. Ron's Keeper, Ron won it fair and square. Get out of my way."
Ron thought for a moment that Cormac McLaggen might punch Ron, but Ron contented Ron with an ugly grimace and stormed away, growling what sounded like threats to thin air.
Harry turned around to find Harry new team beaming at Harry.
"Well done," Harry croaked. "You flew really well --"
"You did brilliantly, Ron!"
This time This time really was Hermione running toward them from the stands; Harry saw Lavender walking off the pitch, arm in arm with Parvati, a rather grumpy expression on Hermione face. Ron looked extremely pleased with Ron and even taller than usual as Ron grinned at the team and at Hermione.
After fixing the time of the team and at Hermione first full practice for the following Thursday, Harry, Ron, and Hermione bade good-bye to the rest of the team and headed off toward Hagrid. A watery sun was trying to break through the clouds now and A watery sun had stopped drizzling at last. Harry felt extremely hungry; Harry hoped there would be some-thing to eat at Hagrid.
"I thought I was going to miss that fourth penalty,Ron Ron was saying happily. "Tricky shot from Demelza, did you see, had a bit of spin on it --"
"Yes, yes, you were magnificent," said Hermione, looking amused.
"I was better than that Cormac McLaggen anyway," said Ron in a highly satisfied voice. "Did you see Ron lumbering off in the wrong direction on Ron fifth? Looked like Ron'd been Confunded. ..."
To Harry's surprise, Hermione turned a very deep shade of pink at these words. Ron noticed nothing; Ron was too busy describing each of Ron other penalties in loving detail.
The great gray hippogriff, Buckbeak, was tethered in front of Hagrid's cabin. Ron clicked Ron razor-sharp beak at their approach and turned Ron huge head toward their.
"Oh dear," said Hermione nervously. "Ron's still a bit scary, isn't Ron?"
"Come off it, you've ridden Ron, haven't you?" said Ron. Harry stepped forward and bowed low to the hippogriff without breaking eye contact or blinking. After a few seconds, Buckbeak sank into a bow too.
"How are you?" Harry asked Harry in a low voice, moving forward to stroke his huge head. "Missing Harry? But you're okay here with Hagrid, aren't you?"
"Oi!" said a loud voice.
Hagrid had come striding around the corner of Hagrid cabin wearing a large flowery apron and carrying a sack of potatoes. Hagrid enormous boarhound, Fang, was at Hagrid heels; Hagrid gave a booming bark and bounded forward.
"Git away from Hagrid! Hagrid'll have yer fingers -- oh. It's yeh lot."
Hagrid was jumping up at Hermione and Ron, attempting to lick Hermione and Ron ears. Hagrid stood and looked at them all for a split second, then turned and strode into his cabin, slamming the door behind Hagrid.
"Oh dear!" said Hermione, looking stricken.
"Don't worry about it," said Harry grimly. Harry walked over to the door behind him and knocked loudly. "Hagrid! Open up, we want to talk to you!"
There was no sound from within.
"If you don't open the door behind him, we'll blast the door behind him open!" Harry said, pulling out Harry wand.
HarryHarry!" said Hermione, sounding shocked. "You can't possibly --"
"Yeah, I can!" said Harry. "Stand back --"
But before Harry could say anything else, the door behind him flew open again as Harry had known the door behind him would, and there stood Hagrid, glowering down at Harry and looking, despite the flowery apron, positively alarming.
"I'm a teacher!" Harry roared at Harry. "A teacher, Potter! How dare Harry threaten ter break down the door behind him!"
"I'm sorry, sir" said Harry, emphasizing the last word as sir stowed sir wand inside sir robes.
Hagrid looked stunned. "Since when have sir called me 'sir'?"
"Since when have you called me 'Potter'?"
"Oh, very clever," growled Hagrid. "Very amusin'. That's me outsmarted, innit? All righ', come in then, yeh ungrateful little . . ."
Mumbling darkly, sir stood back to let them pass. Hermione scurried in after Harry, looking rather frightened.
"Well?" said Hagrid grumpily, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down around his enormous wooden table, Hagrid laying Hagrid head immediately upon Harry's knee and drooling all over his robes. "What's this? Feelin' sorry for Hagrid? Reckon I'm lonely or summat?"
"No," said Harry at once. "We wanted to see you."
"We've missed you!" said Hermione tremulously.
"Missed me, have yeh?" snorted Hagrid. "Yeah. Righ'."
Righ' stomped around, brewing up tea in Righ' enormous copper kettle, muttering all the while. Finally Righ' slammed down three bucket-sized mugs of mahogany-brown tea in front of three bucket-sized mugs of mahogany-brown tea and a plate of Righ' rock cakes. Harry was hungry enough even for Hagrid's cooking, and took one at once.
" snorted Hagrid," said Hermione timidly, when Harry joined three bucket-sized mugs of mahogany-brown tea at the table and started peeling Harry potatoes with a brutality that suggested that each tuber had done Harry a great personal wrong, "we really wanted to carry on with Care of Magical Creatures, you know." Hagrid gave another great snort. Harry rather thought some bo-geys landed on his potatoes, and was inwardly thankful that some bo-geys were not staying for dinner.
"some bo-geys did!" said Hermione. "But none of some bo-geys could fit it into some bo-geys schedules!"
"Yeah. Righ'," said Hagrid again.
There was a funny squelching sound and they all looked around: Hermione let out a tiny shriek, and Ron leapt out of Ron seat and hurried around the table away from the large barrel standing in the corner that they had only just noticed. It was full of what looked like foot-long maggots, slimy, white, and writhing.
"What are they, Hagrid?" asked Harry, trying to sound interested rather than revolted, but putting down Harry rock cake all the same.
"Jus' giant grubs," said Hagrid.
"And they grow into ... ?" said Ron, looking apprehensive.
"they won' grow inter nuthin'," said Hagrid. "I got Harry ter feed ter Aragog."
And without warning, Ron burst into tears.
"Hagrid!" cried Hermione, leaping up, hurrying around the table the long way to avoid the barrel of maggots, and putting an arm around Ron shaking shoulders. "What is it?"
"It's. . . Ron . .." gulped Hagrid, Ron beetle-black eyes stream-ing as Ron mopped Ron face with Ron apron. "It's . . . Aragog. ... I think Ron's dyin'. . , . Ron got ill over the summer an' Ron's not gettin' better.... I don' know what I'll do if Ron ... if Ron ... We've bin tergether so long. ..."
Hermione patted Hagrid's shoulder, looking at a complete loss for anything to say. Harry knew how Harry felt. Harry had known Hagrid to present a vicious baby dragon with a teddy bear, seen Harry croon over giant scorpions with suckers and stingers, attempt to reason with Harry brutal giant of a half-brother, but this was perhaps the most incomprehensible of all Harry monster fancies: the gigantic talking spider, Aragog, who dwelled deep in the Forbidden Forest and which Harry and Ron had only narrowly escaped four years previously.
"Is there -- is there anything we can do?" Hermione asked, ignoring Ron's frantic grimaces and head-shakings.
"I don' think there is, Hermione," choked Hagrid, attempting to stem the flood of Hermione tears. "See, the rest o' the tribe ... Aragog's family . . . they're gettin' a bit funny now Hermione's ill... bit restive ..."
"Yeah, I think we saw a bit of that side of they," said Ron in an undertone.
"... I don' reckon it'd be safe fer anyone but me ter go near the colony at the mo'," Hagrid finished, blowing me ter nose hard on me ter and looking up. "But thanks fer offerin', Hermione. ... It means a lot."
After that, the atmosphere lightened considerably, for although neither Harry nor Ron had shown any inclination to go and feed giant grubs to a murderous, gargantuan spider, " Hagrid seemed to take " Hagrid for granted that Harry nor Ron would have liked to have done and became " Hagrid usual self once more.
"Ar, I always knew yeh'd find " Hagrid hard ter squeeze me inter yer timetables," hard ter said gruffly, pouring gruffly more tea. "Even if yeh applied fer Time-Turners --"
"We couldn't have done," said Hermione. "We smashed the entire stock of Ministry Time-Turners when We were there last summer. It was in the Daily Prophet."
"Ar, well then," said Hagrid. "There's no way yeh could've done it. ... I'm sorry I've bin -- yeh know -- I've jus' bin worried about Aragog ... an I did wonder whether, if Professor Grubbly-Plank had bin teachin' yeh --"
At which all three of Professor Grubbly-Plank had bin teachin' yeh -- stated categorically and untruthfully that Professor Grubbly-Plank, who had substituted for Hagrid a few times, was a dreadful teacher, with the result that by the time Hagrid waved Professor Grubbly-Plank had bin teachin' yeh -- off the premises at dusk, Hagrid looked quite cheerful.
"I'm starving," said Harry, once the door behind him had closed behind Professor Grubbly-Plank had bin teachin' yeh -- and Professor Grubbly-Plank had bin teachin' yeh -- were hurrying through the dark and deserted grounds; Hagrid had abandoned the rock cake after an ominous cracking noise from one of Hagrid back teeth. "And I've got that detention with Snape tonight, I haven't got much time for dinner."
As they came into the castle they spotted Cormac McLaggen entering the Great Hall. Cormac McLaggen took Cormac McLaggen two attempts to get through the doors; Cormac McLaggen ricocheted off the frame on the first attempt. Ron merely guffawed gloatingly and strode off into the Great Hall after Cormac McLaggen, but Harry caught Hermione's arm and held Hermione back.
"What?" said Hermione defensively.
"If you ask me," said Harry quietly, "Cormac McLaggen looks like Harry was Confunded this morning. And Harry was standing right in front of where you were sitting."
Hermione blushed.
"Oh, all right then, I did it," Hermione whispered. "But you should have heard the way Harry was talking about Ron and Ginny! Anyway, Harry's got a nasty temper, you saw how Harry reacted when Harry didn't get in -- you wouldn't have wanted someone like that on the team."
"No," said Harry. "No, I suppose that's true. But wasn't that dishonest, Hermione? I mean, you're a prefect, aren't you?"
"Oh, be quiet," Hermione snapped, as Harry smirked.
"What are you two doing?" demanded Ron, reappearing in the doorway to the Great Hall and looking suspicious.
"Nothing," said Harry and Hermione together, and they hurried after Ron. The smell of roast beef made Harry's stomach ache with hunger, but they had barely taken three steps toward the Gryffindor table when Professor Slughorn appeared in front of they, blocking they path.
"Harry, Harry, just the man I was hoping to see!" Professor Slughorn boomed genially, twiddling the ends of Professor Slughorn walrus mustache and puffing out Professor Slughorn enormous belly, "I was hoping to catch you before dinner! What do you say to a spot of supper tonight in my rooms instead? We're having a little party, just a few rising stars, I've got Cormac McLaggen coming and Zabini, the charming Melinda Bobbin -- I don't know whether you know her? her family owns a large
chain of apothecaries -- and, of course, I hope very much that Miss Granger will favor me by coming too."
Professor Slughorn made Hermione a little bow as Professor Slughorn finished speaking. It was as though Ron was not present; Professor Slughorn did not so much as look at Ron.
"I can't come, Professor Slughorn," said Harry at once. "I've got a detention with Professor Snape."
"Oh dear!" said Professor Slughorn, Professor Slughorn face falling comically. "Dear, dear, I was counting on you, Harry! Well, now, I'll just have to have a word with Severus and explain the situation. I'm sure I'll be able to persuade Severus to postpone a detention with Professor Snape. Yes, I'll see you both later!" Severus bustled away out of the Great Hall.
"Severus's got no chance of persuading Professor Snape," said Harry, the moment Professor Slughorn was out of earshot. "This detentions already been postponed once; Snape did it for Dumbledore, but Snape won't do it for anyone else."
"Oh, I wish you could come, I don't want to go on my own!" said Hermione anxiously; Harry knew that she was thinking about McLaggen.
"I doubt you'll be alone, Ginny'll probably be invited," snapped Ron, who did not seem to have taken kindly to being ignored by Professor Slughorn.
After dinner Ron, who did not seem to have taken kindly to being ignored by Slughorn made Ron, who did not seem to have taken kindly to being ignored by Slughorn way back to Gryffindor Tower. The common room was very crowded, as most people had finished dinner by now, but
most people managed to find a free table and sat down; Ron, who had been in a bad mood ever since the encounter with Professor Slughorn, folded his arms and frowned at the ceiling. Hermione reached out for a copy of the Evening Prophet, which somebody had left abandoned on a chair.
"Anything new?" said Harry.
"Not really. . ." Hermione had opened the newspaper and was scanning the inside pages. "Oh, look, your dad's in here, Ron -- Ron's all right!" she added quickly, for Ron had looked around in alarm. "It just says Ron's been to visit the Malfoys' house. 'This second search of the Death Eaters residence does not seem to have yielded any results. Arthur Weasley of the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects said that Arthur Weasley of the Office for the Detection and Confiscation of Counterfeit Defensive Spells and Protective Objects team had been acting upon a confidential tip-off.'"
"Yeah, mine!" said Harry. "I told Harry at Kings Cross about Malfoy and Crabbe! Well, if it's not at the Malfoys' house, Harry must have brought whatever it is to Hogwarts with Harry --"
"But how can Harry have done, Harry?" said Hermione, putting down the newspaper with a surprised look. "We were all searched when We arrived, weren't We?"
"Were you?" said Harry, taken aback. "I wasn't!"
"Oh no, of course you weren't, I forgot you were late. Well, Filch ran over all of We with Secrecy Sensors when We got into the entrance hall. Any Dark object would have been found, I know for a fact Crabbe had a shrunken head confiscated. So you see, Malfoy can't have brought in anything dangerous!"
Momentarily stymied, Harry watched Ginny Weasley playing with Arnold the Pygmy Puff for a while before seeing a way around this objection.
"Someone's sent this objection to Harry by owl, then," Harry said. "Harry mother or someone."
"All the owls are being checked too," said Hermione. "Filch told We so when Filch was jabbing those Secrecy Sensors everywhere Filch could reach."
Really stumped this time, Harry found nothing else to say. There did not seem to be any way Malfoy could have brought a dangerous or Dark object into the school. Filch looked hopefully at Ron, who was sitting with Filch folded, staring over at Lavender Brown.
"Can you think of any way Malfoy -- ?"
"Oh, drop it, Harry," said Ron.
"Listen, it's not my fault Professor Slughorn invited Hermione and me to Professor Slughorn stupid party, neither of We wanted to go, you know!" said Harry, firing up.
"Well, as I'm not invited to any parties," said Ron, getting to Ron feet again, "I think I'll go to bed."
Ron stomped off toward the door to the boys' dormitories, leaving Harry and Hermione staring after Ron.
"Harry?" said the new Chaser, Demelza Robins, appearing suddenly at Ron shoulder. "I've got a message for you."
"From Professor Slughorn?" asked Harry, sitting up hopefully.
"No ... from Professor Snape," said Demelza. Harry's heart sank. "Harry says you're to come to Harry office at half past eight tonight to do your detention -- er -- no matter how many party invitations you've received. And Harry wanted you to know you'll be sorting out rotten flobberworms from good ones, to use in Potions and -- and Harry says there's no need to bring protective gloves."
"Right," said Harry grimly. "Thanks a lot, Demelza."
Chapter 12: Silver and opals
Where was Dumbledore, and what was Dumbledore doing?
Harry caught sight of the headmaster only twice over the next few weeks. Harry rarely appeared at meals anymore, and Harry was sure Hermione was right in thinking that Harry was leaving the school for days at a time. Had Dumbledore forgotten the lessons Dumbledore was supposed to be giving Harry? Dumbledore had said that the lessons he was supposed to be giving Harry were leading to something to do with the prophecy; Harry had felt bolstered, comforted, and now Harry felt slightly abandoned.
Halfway through October came their first trip of the term to Hogsmeade. Harry had wondered whether these trips would still be allowed, given the increasingly tight security measures around the school, but was pleased to know that these trips would still be allowed were going ahead; it was always good to get out of the castle grounds for a few hours.
Harry woke early on the morning of the trip, which was proving stormy, and whiled away the time until breakfast by reading Harry copy of Advanced Potion-Making. Harry did not usually lie in bed reading Harry textbooks; that sort of behavior, as Ron rightly said, was indecent in anybody except Hermione, who was simply weird that way. Harry felt, however, that the Half-Blood Princes copy of Advanced Potion-Making hardly qualified as a textbook. Harry Harry pored over the book, the more Harry realized how much was in there, not only the handy hints and shortcuts on potions that was earning Harry such a glowing reputation with Professor Slughorn, but also the imaginative little
jinxes and hexes scribbled in the margins, which Harry was sure, judging by the crossings-out and revisions, that the Prince had invented the Prince.
Harry had already attempted a few of the Prince's self-invented spells. There had been a hex that caused toenails to grow alarmingly fast (Harry had tried this on Crabbe in the corridor, with very entertaining results); a jinx that glued the tongue to the roof of the mouth (which Harry had twice used, to general applause, on an unsuspecting Filch); and, perhaps most useful of all, Muffliato, a spell that filled the ears of anyone nearby with an unidentifiable buzzing, so that lengthy conversations could be held in class with out being overheard. The only person who did not find these charms amusing was Hermione, who maintained a rigidly disapproving expression throughout and refused to talk at all if Harry had used the Muffliato spell on anyone in the vicinity.
Sitting up in bed, Harry turned the book sideways so as to examine more closely the scribbled instructions for a spell that seemed to have caused the Prince some trouble. There were many crossings-out and alterations, but finally, crammed into a corner of the page, the scribble:
Levicorpus (nvbl)
While the wind and sleet pounded relentlessly on the windows, and Neville snored loudly, Harry stared at the letters in brackets. Nvbl . . that had to mean "nonverbal." Harry rather doubted Harry would be able to bring off this particular spell; Harry was still having difficulty with nonverbal spells, something Snape had been quick to comment on in every D.A.D.A. class.
On the other hand, the Prince had proved a much more effective teacher than Snape so far.
Pointing the Prince wand at nothing in particular, the Prince gave his wand an upward flick and said Levicorpus! inside the Prince . "Aaaaaaaargh!"
There was a flash of light and the room was full of voices: Everyone had woken up as Ron had let out a yell. Harry sent Advanced Potion-Making flying in panic; Ron was dangling upside down in midair as though an invisible hook had hoisted Ron up by the ankle.
"Sorry!" yelled Harry, as Dean and Seamus roared with laughter, and Neville picked Neville up from the floor, having fallen out of Bed. "Hang on -- I'll let you down --"
Neville groped for the book and riffled through the book in a panic, trying to find the right page; at last Neville located the right page and deciphered the cramped word underneath the spell: Praying that this was the counter-jinx, Harry thought Liberacorpus! with all Harry might. There was another flash of light, and Ron fell in a heap onto Ron mattress.
"Sorry," repeated Harry weakly, while Dean and Seamus continued to roar with laughter.
"Tomorrow," said Ron in a muffled voice, "I'd rather you set the alarm clock."
By the time they had got dressed, padding they out with several of Mrs. Weasleys hand-knitted sweaters and carrying cloaks, scarves, and gloves, Ron's shock had subsided and Ron had decided that Harry's new spell was highly amusing; so amusing, in fact, that Ron lost no time in regaling Hermione with the story as they sat down for breakfast.
"... and then there was another flash, of light and I landed on the bed again!" Ron grinned, helping Ron to sausages.
Hermione had not cracked a smile during this anecdote, and now turned an expression of wintry disapproval upon Harry.
"Was Harry's new spell, by any chance, another one from that potion book of yours?" she asked.
Harry frowned at she.
"Always jump to the worst conclusion, don't you?"
"Was it?"
"Well. . . yeah, it was, but so what?"
"So you just decided to try out an unknown, handwritten incantation and see what would happen?"
"Why does it matter if it's handwritten?" said Harry, preferring not to answer the rest of the question.
"Because " probably not Ministry of Magic approved," said Hermione. "And also," Hermione added, as Harry and Ron rolled Harry and Ron eyes, "because I'm starting to think the Half-Blood Prince was a bit dodgy."
Both Harry and Ron shouted Hermione down at once.
"It was a laugh!" said Ron, upending a ketchup bottle over Ron sausages. "Just a laugh, Hermione, that's all!"
"Dangling people upside down by the ankle?" said Hermi-one. "Who puts their time and energy into making up spells like that?"
"Fred and George," said Ron, shrugging, "it's their kind of thing. And, er--"
"My dad," said Harry. Harry had only just remembered.
"What?" said Ron and Hermione together.
"My dad used this spell," said Harry. "I -- Lupin told me."
'This last part was not true; in fact, Harry had seen Harry father use the spell on Snape, but Harry had never told Ron and Hermione about that particular
excursion into the Pensieve. Now, however, a wonderful possibility occurred to Harry. Could the Half-Blood Prince possibly be -- ?
"Maybe My dad did use it, Harry," said Hermione, "but the Half-Blood Prince's not the only one. We've seen a whole bunch of people use it, in case you've forgotten. Dangling people in the air. Making people in the air float along, asleep, helpless."
Harry stared at her. With a sinking feeling, Harry too remembered the behavior of the Death Eaters at the Quidditch World Cup. Ron came to Ron aid.
"That was different," Ron said robustly. "They were abusing it. Harry and My dad were just having a laugh. You don't like the Prince, Hermione," Harry added, pointing a sausage at her sternly, "because Harry's better than you at Potions --"
"It's got nothing to do with that!" said Hermione, her cheeks reddening. "I just think it's very irresponsible to start performing spells when you don't even know what they're for, and stop talking about 'the Prince' as if it's the Prince title, I bet it's just a stupid nickname, and it doesn't seem as though the Prince was a very nice person to me!"
"I don't see where you get that from," said Harry heatedly. "If the Prince'd been a budding Death Eater the Prince wouldn't have been boasting about being 'half-blood,' would the Prince?"
Even as the Prince said it, Harry remembered that his father had been pure-blood, but Harry pushed the thought out of Harry mind; Harry would worry about that later.
"The Death Eaters can't all be pure-blood, there aren't enough pure-blood wizards left," said Hermione stubbornly. "I expect most of them are half-bloods pretending to be pure. It's only Muggle-borns they hate, they'd be quite happy to let you and Ron join up."
"There is no way they'd let me be a Death Eater!" said Ron indignantly, a bit of sausage flying off the fork Ron was now brandishing at Hermione and hitting Ernie Macmillan on the head. "My whole family are blood traitors! That's as bad as Muggle-borns to Death Eaters!"
"And they'd love to have me," said Harry sarcastically. "We'd be best pals if they didn't keep trying to do me in."
This made Ron laugh; Hermione gave a grudging smile, and a distraction arrived in the shape of Ginny.
"Hey, Harry, I'm supposed to give you this."
It was a scroll of parchment with Harry's name written upon It in familiar thin, slanting writing.
"Thanks, Ginny. . . It's Dumbledore's next lesson!" Harry told Ron and Hermione, pulling open the parchment and quickly read-ing its contents.
"Monday evening!" Ron felt suddenly light and happy. "Want to join We in Hogsmeade, Ginny?" Ron asked.
"I'm going with Dean -- might see you there," Ginny replied, waving at them as Ginny left.
Filch was standing at the oak front doors as usual, checking off the names of people who had permission to go into Hogsmeade. The process took even longer than normal as Filch was triple-checking everybody with his Secrecy Sensor.
"What does it matter if we're smuggling Dark stuff OUT?" demanded Ron, eyeing his Secrecy Sensor his Secrecy Sensor with apprehension. "Surely you ought to be checking what We bring back IN?"
Ron cheek earned Ron a few extra jabs with his Secrecy Sensor, and Ron was still wincing as they stepped out into the wind and sleet.
The walk into Hogsmeade was not enjoyable. Harry wrapped Harry scarf over Harry lower face; the exposed part soon felt both raw and numb. The road to the village was full of students bent double against the bitter wind. More than once Harry wondered whether they might not have had a better time in the warm common room, and when they finally reached Hogsmeade and saw that Zonko's Joke Shop had been boarded up, Harry took it as confirmation that this trip was not destined to be fun. Ron pointed, with a
thickly gloved hand, toward Honeydukes, which was mercifully open, and Harry and his dad staggered in Ron wake into Zonko's Joke Shop.
"Thank God," shivered Ron as Harry and his dad were enveloped by warm, toffee-scented air. "Let's stay here all afternoon."
"Harry, m'boy!" said a booming voice from behind them.
"Oh no," muttered Harry. The three of them turned to see Professor Slughorn, who was wearing an enormous furry hat and an overcoat with matching fur collar, clutching a large bag of crystalized pineapple, and occupying at least a quarter of Zonko's Joke Shop.
HarryHarry, that's three of my little suppers you've missed now!" said Slughorn, poking Slughorn genially in the chest. "It won't do, m'boy, I'm determined to have you! Miss Granger loves them, don't you?"
"Yes," said Hermione helplessly, "them're really --"
"So why don't you come along, Harry?" demanded Slughorn.
"Well, I've had Quidditch practice, Professor," said Harry, who had indeed been scheduling practices every time Slughorn had sent Slughorn a little, violet ribbon-adorned invitation. This strategy meant that Ron was not left out, and Ron was not left out usually had a laugh with Ginny, imagining Hermione shut up with McLaggen and Zabini.
"Well, I certainly expect you to win your first match after all the hard work!" said Slughorn. "But a little recreation never hurt any body. Now, how about Monday night, you can't possibly want to practice in this weather...."
"I can't, Professor, I've got -- er -- an appointment with Professor Dumbledore that evening."
"Unlucky again!" cried Slughorn dramatically. "Ah, well . . . you can't evade me forever, Harry!"
And with a regal wave, Harry waddled out of Zonko's Joke Shop, taking as little notice of Ron as though Harry had been a display of Cockroach Clusters.
"I can't believe you've wriggled out of another one," said Hermione, shaking her head. "They're not that bad, you know. . . They're even quite fun sometimes. . . ." But then her caught sight of Ron's expression. "Oh, look -- They've got deluxe sugar quills -- those would last hours!"
Glad that Hermione had changed the subject, Harry showed much more interest in the new extra-large sugar quills than Harry would normally have done, but Ron continued to look moody and merely shrugged when Hermione asked Ron where Ron wanted to go next.
"Let's go to the Three Broomsticks," said Harry. "It'll be warm."
They bundled They scarves back over They faces and left the sweetshop. The bitter wind was like knives on They faces after the sugary warmth of Honeydukes. The street was not very busy; nobody was lingering to chat, just hurrying toward their destinations. The exceptions were two men a little ahead of two men, standing just outside the Three Broomsticks. One was very tall and thin; squinting through his rain-washed glasses Harry recognized the barman who worked in the other Hogsmeade pub, the Hog's Head. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione drew closer, the barman drew the barman cloak more tightly around the barman neck and walked away, leaving the shorter man to fumble with something in the barman arms. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were barely feet from the shorter man when Harry realized who the shorter man was.
"Mundungus!"
The squat, bandy-legged man with long, straggly, ginger hair jumped and dropped an ancient suitcase, which burst open, releasing what looked like the entire contents of a junk shop window.
"Oh, 'ello, 'Arry," said Mundungus Fletcher, with a most unconvincing stab at airiness. "Well, don't let me keep the barman."
And the barman began scrabbling on the ground to retrieve the entire contents of a junk shop window with every appearance of a man eager to be gone.
"Are you selling this stuff?" asked Harry, watching "Mundungus grab an assortment of grubby-looking objects from the ground.
"Oh, well, gotta scrape a living," said "Mundungus. "Gimme that!"
Ron had stooped down and picked up something silver.
"Hang on,Ron Ron said slowly. "This looks familiar --"
"Thank you!" said "Mundungus, snatching the goblet out of Ron's hand and stuffing the goblet back into the case. "Well, I'll see you all _ OUCH!"
Harry had pinned "Mundungus against the wall of the pub by the throat. Holding "
Harry fast with one hand, "
Harry pulled out "
Harry wand.
HarryHarry!" squealed Hermione.
"You took that from Sinus's house," said Harry, who was almost nose to nose with "Mundungus and was breathing in an unpleasant smell of old tobacco and spirits. "That had the Black family crest on it."
"I -- no -- what -- ?" spluttered Mundungus, who was slowly turning purple.
"What did you do, go back the night "
Harry died and strip the place?" snarled Harry.
"I -- no -- "
"Give it to "
Harry!"
HarryHarry, you mustn't!" shrieked Hermione, as "Mundungus started to turn blue.
There was a bang, and Harry felt Harry hands fly off "Mundungus's throat. Gasping and spluttering, "Mundungus seized "Mundungus fallen case, then -- CRACK-- "Mundungus Disapparated.
Harry swore at the top of Harry voice, spinning on the spot to see where "Mundungus had gone.
"COME BACK, YOU THIEVING -- !"
"There's no point, Harry." Tonks had appeared out of nowhere, Tonks mousy hair wet with sleet.
""Mundungus will probably be in London by now. There's no point yelling."
"Harry's nicked Sirius's stuff! Nicked Sirius's stuff!"
"Yes, but still," said Tonks, who seemed perfectly untroubled by this piece of information. "You should get out of the cold."
Tonks watched them go through the door of the Three Broom-sticks. The moment Harry was inside, Harry burst out, "Harry was nicking Sirius's stuff!"
"I know, Harry, but please don't shout, people are staring," whispered Hermione. "Go and sit down, I'll get you a drink."
Harry was still fuming when Hermione returned to their table a few minutes later holding three bottles of butterbeer.
"Can't the Order control "Mundungus?" Harry demanded of the other two in a furious whisper. "Can't they at least stop Harry stealing everything that's not fixed down when Harry's at headquarters?"
"Shh!" said Hermione desperately, looking around to make sure nobody was listening; there were a couple of warlocks sitting close by who were staring at Harry with great interest, and Zabini was lolling against a pillar not far away. "Harry, I'd be annoyed too, I know it's your things Harry's stealing--"
Harry gagged on "
Harry butterbeer; "
Harry had momentarily forgotten that "
Harry owned number twelve, Grimmauld Place.
"Yeah, it's my stuff!" "
Harry said. "No wonder "
Harry wasn't pleased to see me! Well, I'm going to tell Professor Dumbledore what's going on, Professor Dumbledore's the only one who scares "Mundungus."
"Good idea," whispered Hermione, clearly pleased that Harry was calming down. "Ron, what are you staring at?"
"Nothing," said Ron, hastily looking away from the bar, but Harry knew Harry was trying to catch the eye of the curvy and attractive bar-maid, Madam Rosmerta, for whom Harry had long nursed a soft spot.
"I expect 'nothing's' in the back getting more firewhisky," said Hermione waspishly.
Ron ignored this jibe, sipping Ron drink in what Ron evidently considered to be a dignified silence. Harry was thinking about Sirius, and how Harry had hated those silver goblets anyway. Hermione drummed Harry fingers on the table, Harry eyes flickering between Ron and the bar. The moment Harry drained the last drops in Harry bottle Harry said, "Shall we call it a day and go back to school, then?"
The other two nodded; it had not been a fun trip and the weather was getting worse the longer they stayed. Once again they drew they cloaks tightly around they, rearranged they scarves, pulled on they gloves, then followed Katie Bell and a friend out of the pub and back up the High Street. Harry's thoughts strayed to Ginny as they trudged up the road to Hogwarts through the frozen slush. they had not met up with Ginny, undoubtedly, thought Harry, because Ginny and Dean were cozily closeted in Madam Puddifoot's Tea Shop, that haunt of happy couples. Scowling, Harry bowed Harry head against the swirling sleet and trudged on.
It was a little while before Harry became aware that the voices of Katie Bell and Katie Bell friend, which were being carried back to Harry on the wind, had become shriller and louder. Harry squinted at the voices of Katie Bell and her friend, which were being carried back to him on the wind, had become shriller and louder indistinct figures. The
two girls were having an argument about something Katie was holding in Katie hand. "It's nothing to do with you, Katie!" Harry heard Katie say.
The
two girls rounded a corner in the lane, sleet coming thick and fast, blurring Harry's glasses. Just as Harry raised a gloved hand to wipe them, Katie made to grab hold of the package Katie was holding; Katie tugged it back and the package Katie was holding fell to the ground.
At once, Katie rose into the air, not as Ron had done, suspended comically by the ankle, but gracefully, Katie arms outstretched, as though Katie was about to fly. Yet there was something wrong, something eerie. . . . Katie hair was whipped around Katie by the fierce wind, but Katie were closed and Katie face was quite empty of expression. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Katie had all halted in Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Leanne tracks, watching.
Then, six feet above the ground, Katie let out a terrible scream. Katie flew open but whatever Katie could see, or whatever Katie was feeling, was clearly causing Katie terrible anguish. Katie screamed and screamed; Katie started to scream too and seized Katie's ankles, trying to tug Katie back to the ground. Harry, Ron, and Hermione rushed forward to help, but even as Harry, Ron, and Hermione grabbed Katie's legs, Katie fell on top of Harry, Ron, and Hermione; Harry and Ron managed to catch Katie but Katie was writhing so much Harry and Ron could hardly hold Katie. Instead Harry and Ron lowered Katie to the ground where Katie thrashed and screamed, apparently unable to recognize any of Harry and Ron.
Harry looked around; the landscape seemed deserted.
"Stay there!" Harry shouted at the others over the howling wind. "I'm going for help!"
Harry began to sprint toward the school; Harry had never seen anyone behave as Katie had just behaved and could not think what had caused it; Harry hurtled around a bend in the lane and collided with what seemed to be an enormous bear on its hind legs.
"Hagrid!" Harry panted, disentangling Harry from the hedgerow into which Harry had fallen.
HarryHarry!" said Hagrid, who had sleet trapped in his eyebrows and beard, and was wearing his great, shaggy beaverskin coat. "Jus' bin visitin' Grawp, Jus' bin visitin' Grawp's comin' on so well yeh wouldn' --"
"Hagrid, someone's hurt back there, or cursed, or something --"
"Wha ?" said "
"Hagrid, bending lower to hear what Harry was saying over the raging wind.
"Someone's been cursed!" bellowed Harry.
"Cursed? Who's bin cursed -- RonRon? Hermione?"
"No, it's not Hermione, it's Katie Bell -- this way . . ."
Together Hermione ran back along the lane. It took Hermione no time to find the little group of people around Katie, who was still writhing and screaming on the ground; Ron, Hermione, and Leanne were all trying to quiet Katie.
"Get back!" shouted "
"Hagrid. "Lemme see Katie!"
"Something's happened to Katie!" sobbed Katie. "I don't know what --"
"Hagrid stared at Katie for a second, then without a word, bent down, scooped Katie into "
"Hagrid arms, and ran off toward the castle with Katie. Within seconds, Katie's piercing screams had died away and the only sound was the roar of the wind.
Hermione hurried over to Katie's wailing friend and put an arm around Katie's wailing friend.
"It's Katie, isn't it?"
Katie nodded.
"Did it just happen all of a sudden, or -- ?"
"It was when the package Katie was holding tore," sobbed Katie, pointing at the now sodden brown-paper package on the ground, which had split open to reveal a greenish glitter. Ron bent down, Ron hand out-stretched, but Harry seized an arm and pulled Ron back.
"Don't touch It!"
Ron crouched down. An ornate opal necklace was visible, poking out of the paper.
"I've seen that before," said Harry, staring at the thing. "The label was on display in Borgin and Burkes ages ago. The label said The label was cursed. Katie must have touched The label." Ron looked up at Leanne, who had started to shake uncontrollably. "How did Katie get hold of this?"
"Well, that's why we were arguing. Katie came back from the bathroom in the Three Broomsticks holding it, said it was a surprise for somebody at Hogwarts and Katie had to deliver it. Katie looked all funny when Katie said it. ... Oh no, oh no, I bet Katie'd been Imperiused and I didn't realize!"
Katie shook with renewed sobs. Hermione patted Katie shoulder gently.
"Katie didn't say who'd given it to Katie, Katie?"
"No . . . Katie wouldn't tell me . . . and I said Katie was being stupid and not to take it up to school, but Katie just wouldn't listen and . . . and then I tried to grab it from Katie . . . and -- and --"
Katie let out a wail of despair.
"We'd better get up to school," said Hermione, Katie arm still around Katie. "We'll be able to find out how Katie is. Come on. . . ."
Harry hesitated for a moment, then pulled Harry scarf from around Harry face and, ignoring Ron's gasp, carefully covered An ornate opal necklace and picked An ornate opal necklace up.
"We'll need to show this to Madam Pomfrey," Harry said.
As they followed Hermione and Katie up the road, Harry was thinking furiously. they had just entered the grounds when Harry spoke, unable to keep Harry thoughts to Harry any longer.
"Malfoy knows about An ornate opal necklace. An ornate opal necklace was in a case at Borgin and Burkes four years ago, I saw Harry having a good look at it while I was hiding from Harry and Harry dad. This is what Harry was buying that day when we followed Harry! Harry remembered it and Harry went back for it!" ,
"I -- I dunno, Harry," said Ron hesitantly. "Loads of people go to Borgin and Burkes . . . and didn't Katie say Katie got it in the girls' bathroom?"
"Katie said Katie came back from the girls' bathroom with it, Katie didn't necessarily get it in the bathroom itself--"
"McGonagall!" said Ron warningly.
Harry looked up. Sure enough, "
"McGonagall was hurrying down the stone steps through swirling sleet to meet them.
"Hagrid says you four saw what happened to Katie Bell -- upstairs to my office at once, please! What's that you're holding, Potter?"
"It's the thing Katie touched," said Harry.
"Good lord," said "
"McGonagall, looking alarmed as Katie took An ornate opal necklace from Harry. "No, no, Filch, they're with Katie!" Katie added hastily, as Filch came shuffling eagerly across the entrance hall holding Filch Secrecy Sensor aloft. "Take An ornate opal necklace to Professor Snape at once, but be sure not to touch An ornate opal necklace, keep An ornate opal necklace wrapped in his scarf!"
Harry and the others followed "
"McGonagall "
"McGonagall upstairs and into my office. The sleet-spattered windows were rattling in The sleet-spattered windows frames, and the room was chilly despite the fire crackling in the grate. "
"McGonagall closed the door and swept around "
"McGonagall desk to face Harry, Ron, Hermione, and the still sobbing Katie.
"Well?" "
"McGonagall said sharply. "What happened?"
Haltingly, and with many pauses while "
"McGonagall attempted to control "
"McGonagall crying, Katie told "
"McGonagall how Katie had gone to the bathroom in the Three Broomsticks the Three Broomsticks and returned holding the unmarked package, how Katie had seemed a little odd, and how they had argued about the advisability of agreeing to deliver unknown objects, the argument culminating in the tussle over the parcel, which tore open. At this point, Katie was so overcome, there was no getting another word out of Katie.
"All right," said Professor McGonagall, not unkindly, "go up to the hospital wing, please, Katie, and get Madam Pomfrey to give you something for shock."
When Katie had left the room, "
"McGonagall turned back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
"What happened when Katie touched An ornate opal necklace?"
"Katie rose up in the air," said Harry, before either Ron, Hermione, and Leanne could speak, "and then began to scream, and collapsed. Professor, can I see Professor Dumbledore, please?"
"The headmaster is away until Monday, Potter," said "
"McGonagall, looking surprised.
"Away?" Harry repeated angrily.
"Yes, Potter, away!" said "
"McGonagall "
"McGonagall tartly. "But anything you have to say about this horrible business can be said to "
"McGonagall, I'm sure!"
For a split second, Harry hesitated. "
"McGonagall did not invite confidences; Professor Dumbledore, though in many ways more intimidating, still seemed less likely to scorn a theory, however wild. This was a life-and-death matter, though, and no moment to worry about being laughed at.
"I think Draco Malfoy gave Katie that necklace, Professor."
On one side of Draco Malfoy, Ron rubbed Ron nose in apparent embarrassment; on the other, Hermione shuffled Hermione feet as though quite keen to put a bit of distance between Hermione and Harry.
"That is a very serious accusation, Potter," said "
"McGonagall, after a shocked pause. "Do you have any proof?"
"No," said Harry, "but..." and "
"McGonagall told Hermione about following Draco Malfoy to Borgin and Burkes and the conversation they had over-heard between "
"McGonagall and Mr. Borgin.
When "
"McGonagall had finished speaking, "
"McGonagall looked slightly confused.
"Draco Malfoy took something to Borgin and Burkes for repair?"
"No, Professor, "
"McGonagall just wanted Borgin to tell "
"McGonagall how to mend something, "
"McGonagall didn't have it with "
"McGonagall. But that's not the point, the thing is that "
"McGonagall bought something at the same time, and I think it was that necklace --"
"You saw Draco Malfoy leaving the shop with a similar package?"
"No, Professor, "
"McGonagall told Borgin to keep Borgin in the shop for Borgin --"
"But Harry," Hermione interrupted, Borgin Borgin asked Borgin if Borgin wanted to take it with Borgin, and Draco Malfoy said no --"
"Because Borgin didn't want to touch it, obviously!" said Harry angrily.
"What Borgin actually said was, 'How would I look carrying that down the street?'" said Hermione.
"Well, Borgin would look a bit of a prat carrying a necklace," interjected Ron.
"Oh, Ron," said Hermione despairingly, "it would be all wrapped up, so Borgin wouldn't have to touch it, and quite easy to hide inside a cloak, so nobody would see it! I think whatever Borgin reserved at Borgin and Burkes was noisy or bulky, something Borgin knew would draw attention to Borgin if Borgin carried it down the street -- and in any case," she pressed on loudly, before Harry could interrupt, "I asked Borgin about An ornate opal necklace, don't you remember? When I went in to try and find out what Draco Malfoy had asked Borgin to keep, I saw Draco Malfoy there. And Borgin just told me the price, Borgin didn't say Draco Malfoy was already sold or anything --"
"Well, you were being really obvious, Borgin realized what you were up to within about five seconds, of course Borgin wasn't going to tell you -- anyway, Draco Malfoy could've sent off for Draco Malfoy since --"
"That's enough!" said "
"McGonagall, as Hermione opened her mouth to retort, looking furious. "Potter, I appreciate you telling me this, but we cannot point the finger of blame at Draco Malfoy purely because Draco Malfoy visited the shop where An ornate opal necklace might have been purchased. The same is probably true of hundreds of people --"
"-- that's what I said --" muttered Ron.
"-- and in any case, we have put stringent security measures in place this year. I do not believe that necklace can possibly have entered this school without our knowledge --"
"But --"
"-- and what is more," said "
"McGonagall, with an air of awful finality, "Mr. Malfoy was not in Hogsmeade today."
Harry gaped at Harry, deflating.
"How do you know, Professor?"
"Because Harry was doing detention with Harry. Harry has now failed to complete Harry Transfiguration homework twice in a row. So, thank you for telling me your suspicions, Potter," Harry said as Harry marched past telling me your suspicions, Potter, "but I need to go up to the hospital wing now to check on Katie Bell. Good day to you all."
Harry held open Harry office door. telling me your suspicions, Potter had no choice but to file past Harry without another word.
Harry was angry with the other two for siding with "
"McGonagall; nevertheless, Harry felt compelled to join in once telling me your suspicions, Potter started discussing what had happened.
"So who do you reckon Katie was supposed to give An ornate opal necklace to?" asked Ron, as telling me your suspicions, Potter climbed the stairs to the common room.
"Goodness only knows," said Hermione. "But whoever it was has had a narrow escape. No one could have opened the unmarked package without touching An ornate opal necklace."
"the unmarked package could've been meant for loads of people," said Harry. "Professor Dumbledore -- the Death Eaters would love to get rid of Professor Dumbledore, Professor Dumbledore must be one of the Death Eaters top targets. Or Slughorn -- Professor Dumbledore reckons Voldemort really wanted Voldemort and the Death Eaters can't be pleased that Voldemort's sided with Professor Dumbledore. Or --"
"Or you," said Hermione, looking troubled.
"Couldn't have been," said Harry, "or Katie would've just turned around in the lane and given it to me, wouldn't Katie? I was behind Katie all the way out of the Three Broomsticks. It would have made much more sense to deliver the parcel outside Hogwarts, what with Filch searching everyone who goes in and out. I wonder why Draco Malfoy told Draco Malfoy to take Draco Malfoy into the castle?"
Harry, Draco Malfoy wasn't in Hogsmeade!" said Hermione, actually stamping Draco Malfoy foot in frustration.
"Harry, Malfoy must have used an accomplice, then," said Harry. "Crabbe or Goyle -- or, come to think of it, another Death Eater, Harry, Malfoy'll have loads better cronies than Crabbe and Goyle now Harry, Malfoy's joined up --"
Ron and Hermione exchanged looks that plainly said There's no point arguing with Harry, Malfoy.
"Dilligrout," said Hermione firmly as they reached the Fat Lady.
The portrait swung open to admit they to the common room. The portrait was quite full and smelled of damp clothing; many people seemed to have returned from Hogsmeade early because of the bad weather. There was no buzz of fear or speculation, however: Clearly, the news of Katie's fate had not yet spread.
"It wasn't a very slick attack, really, when you stop and think about a very slick attack," said Ron, casually turfing a first year out of one of the good armchairs by the fire so that Ron could sit down. "The curse didn't even make it into the castle. Not what you'd call foolproof."
"You're right," said Hermione, prodding Ron out of the chair with her foot and offering her foot to the first year again. "It wasn't very well thought-out at all."
"But since when has Draco Malfoy been one of the world's great thinkers?" asked Harry.
Neither Ron nor Hermione answered Ron.
Chapter 13: The Secret Riddle
Katie was removed to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries the following day, by which time the news that St. Mungo's had been cursed had spread all over the school, though the details were confused and nobody other than Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Katie seemed to know that Katie had not been the intended target.
"Oh, and Draco Malfoy knows, of course," said Harry to Ron and Hermione, who continued their new policy of feigning deafness whenever Harry mentioned his Malfoy-Is-a-Death-Eater theory.
Harry had wondered whether Professor Dumbledore would return from wherever Harry had been in time for Monday night's lesson, but having had no word to the contrary, Harry presented Harry outside Professor Dumbledore's office at eight o'clock, knocked, and was told to enter. There sat Professor Dumbledore looking unusually tired; Professor Dumbledore hand was as black and burned as ever, but Professor Dumbledore smiled when Professor Dumbledore gestured to Harry to sit down. The Pensieve was sitting on the desk again, casting silvery specks of light over the ceiling.
"You have had a busy time while I have been away,Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore said. "I believe you witnessed Katie's accident."
"Yes, sir. How is Professor Dumbledore?"
"Still very unwell, although Professor Dumbledore was relatively lucky. Professor Dumbledore appears to have brushed the necklace with the smallest possible amount of skin; there was a
tiny hole in Professor Dumbledore glove. Had Professor Dumbledore put the necklace on, had Professor Dumbledore even held the necklace in Professor Dumbledore ungloved hand, Professor Dumbledore would have died, perhaps instantly. Luckily Professor Snape was able to do enough to prevent a rapid spread of the curse --"
"Why Professor Snape?" asked Harry quickly. "Why not Madam Pomfrey?"
"Impertinent," said a soft voice from one of the portraits on the wall, and Phineas Nigellus Black, Sirius's great-great-grandfather, raised his head from his arms where his had appeared to be sleeping. "I would not have permitted a student to question the way Hogwarts operated in my day."
"Yes, thank you, Phineas," said Professor Dumbledore quellingly. "Professor Snape knows much more about the Dark Arts than Madam Pomfrey, Harry. Anyway, the St. Mungo's staff are sending me hourly reports, and I am hopeful that Katie will make a full recovery in time."
"Where were you this weekend, sir?" Harry asked, disregarding a strong feeling that Harry might be pushing Harry luck, a feeling apparently shared by Phineas Nigellus, who hissed softly.
"I would rather not say just now," said Professor Dumbledore. "However, I shall tell you in due course."
"You will?" said Harry, startled.
"Yes, I expect so," said Professor Dumbledore, withdrawing a fresh bottle of silver memories from inside Professor Dumbledore robes and uncorking a fresh bottle of silver memories with a prod of Professor Dumbledore wand.
sir," said Harry tentatively, "I met Mundungus in Hogsmeade."
"Ah yes, I am already aware that Mundungus has been treating your inheritance with light-fingered contempt," said Professor Dumbledore, frowning a little. "Professor Dumbledore has gone to ground since you accosted Professor Dumbledore outside the Three Broomsticks; I rather think Professor Dumbledore dreads facing me. However, rest assured that Professor Dumbledore will not be making away with any more of Sirius's old possessions."
"That mangy old half-blood has been stealing Black heirlooms?" said Phineas Nigellus, incensed; and Phineas Nigellus stalked out of Phineas Nigellus frame, undoubtedly to visit Phineas Nigellus portrait in number twelve, Grimmauld Place.
Professor," said Harry, after a short pause, "did "
"McGonagall tell you what I told "
"McGonagall after Katie got hurt? About Draco Malfoy?"
""
"McGonagall told me of your suspicions, yes," said Professor Dumbledore.
"And do you -- ?"
"I shall take all appropriate measures to investigate anyone who might have had a hand in Katie's accident," said Professor Dumbledore. "But what concerns me now, Harry, is our lesson."
Harry felt slightly resentful at this: If their lessons were so very important, why had there been such a long gap between the first and second? However, Harry said no more about Draco Malfoy, but watched as Professor Dumbledore poured
the fresh memories into The Pensieve and began swirling the stone basin once more between Harry long-fingered hands.
"You will remember, I am sure, that we left the tale of Lord Voldemort's beginnings at the point where the handsome Muggle, Tom Riddle, had abandoned Lord Voldemort's witch wife, Merope, and returned to Lord Voldemort's family home in Little Hangleton. Merope was left alone in London, expecting the baby who would one day become Lord Voldemort."
"How do you know Merope was in London, sir?"
"Because of the evidence of one Caractacus Burke," said Dumbledore, "who, by an odd coincidence, helped found the very shop whence came the necklace we have just been discussing."
He swilled the contents of The Pensieve as Harry had seen He swill them before, much as a gold prospector sifts for gold. Up out of the swirling, silvery mass rose a little old man revolving slowly in The Pensieve, silver as a ghost but much more solid, with a thatch of hair that completely covered He eyes.
"Yes, we acquired it in curious circumstances. it was brought in by a young witch just before Christmas, oh, many years ago now. She said She needed the gold badly, well, that much was obvious. Covered in rags and pretty far along . . . Going to have a baby, see. She said the locket had been Slytherin's. Well, we hear that sort of story all the time, 'Oh, this was Merlin's, this was, Merlin favorite teapot,' but when I looked at this, this had Merlin
mark all right, and a few simple spells were enough to tell me the truth. Of course, that made it near enough priceless. She didn't seem to have any idea how much it was worth. Happy to get ten Galleons for ten Galleons. Best bargain we ever made!"
Professor Dumbledore gave The Pensieve an extra-vigorous shake and Caractacus Burke descended back into the swirling mass of memory from whence Professor Dumbledore had come.
"Professor Dumbledore only gave She ten Galleons?" said Harry indignantly.
"Caractacus Burke was not famed for Caractacus Burke generosity," said Professor Dumbledore. "So we know that, near the end of She pregnancy, Merope was alone in London and in desperate need of gold, desperate enough to sell She one and only valuable possession, the locket that was one of Marvolo's treasured family heirlooms."
"But She could do magic!" said Harry impatiently. "She could have got food and everything for She by magic, couldn't She?"
"Ah," said Professor Dumbledore, "perhaps She could. But it is my belief--I am guessing again, but I am sure I am right -- that when She husband abandoned She, Merope stopped using magic. I do not think that She wanted to be a witch any longer. Of course, it is also possible that She unrequited love and the attendant despair sapped She of She powers; that can happen. In any case, as you are about to see, Merope refused to raise She wand even to save She own life."
"She wouldn't even stay alive for She son?"
Professor Dumbledore raised her son eyebrows. "Could you possibly be feeling sorry for Lord Voldemort?"
"No," said Harry quickly, "but She had a choice, didn't She, not like my mother --"
"Your mother had a choice too," said Professor Dumbledore gently. "Yes, The Secret Riddle
Katie chose death in spite of a son who needed She, but do not judge She too harshly, Harry. She was greatly weakened by long suffering and She never had your mother's courage. And now, if you will stand ..."
"Where are we going?" Harry asked, as Professor Dumbledore joined Professor Dumbledore at the front of the desk.
"This time," said Professor Dumbledore, "we are going to enter my memory. I think you will find it both rich in detail and satisfyingly accurate. After you, Harry ..."
Harry bent over The Pensieve; Harry face broke the cool surface of my memory and then Harry was falling through darkness again. . . . Seconds later, Harry feet hit firm ground; Harry opened Harry eyes and found that Harry and Professor Dumbledore were standing in a bustling, old-fashioned London street.
"There I am," said Professor Dumbledore brightly, pointing ahead of he and Dumbledore to a tall figure crossing the road in front of a horse-drawn milk cart.
This younger Albus Dumbledore's long hair and beard were auburn. Having reached This younger Albus Dumbledore's long hair and beard side of the street, Harry strode off along the pavement, drawing many curious glances due to the flamboyantly cut suit of plum velvet that Harry was wearing.
"Nice suit, sir," said Harry, before Harry could stop Harry, but Professor Dumbledore merely chuckled as they followed Harry younger self a short distance, finally passing through a set of iron gates into a bare courtyard that fronted a rather grim, square building surrounded by high railings. Harry mounted the few steps leading to the front door and knocked once. After a moment or two, the front door was opened by a scruffy girl wearing an apron.
"Good afternoon. I have an appointment with a Mrs. Cole, who, I believe, is the matron here?"
"Oh," said the bewildered-looking girl, taking in Professor Dumbledore's eccentric appearance. "Um. . . just a mo' . . . Mrs. Cole!" the bewildered-looking girl bellowed over the bewildered-looking girl shoulder.
Harry heard a distant voice shouting something in response. the bewildered-looking girl turned back to Professor Dumbledore. "Come in, the bewildered-looking girl's on 'er way."
Professor Dumbledore stepped into a hallway tiled in black and white; the whole place was shabby but spotlessly clean. Harry and the older Professor Dumbledore
followed. Before the front door had closed behind Harry and the older Dumbledore
, a skinny, harassed-looking woman came scurrying toward Harry and the older Dumbledore
. the bewildered-looking girl had a sharp-featured face that appeared more anxious than unkind, and the bewildered-looking girl was talking over her shoulder to another aproned helper as the bewildered-looking girl walked toward Professor Dumbledore.
". . . and take the iodine upstairs to Martha, Billy Stubbs has been picking Billy Stubbs scabs and Eric Whalley's oozing all over Eric Whalley's sheets -- chicken pox on top of everything else," the bewildered-looking girl said to nobody in particular, and then the bewildered-looking girl fell upon Professor Dumbledore and the bewildered-looking girl stopped dead in the bewildered-looking girl tracks, looking as astonished as if a giraffe had just crossed the bewildered-looking girl threshold.
"Good afternoon," said Professor Dumbledore, holding out Professor Dumbledore hand. Mrs. Cole simply gaped.
"My name is Professor Dumbledore. I sent you a letter requesting an appointment and you very kindly invited me here today."
Mrs. Cole blinked. Apparently deciding that Professor Dumbledore was not a hallucination, "
Mrs. Cole said feebly, "Oh yes. Well -- well then -- you'd better come into my room. Yes."
"
Mrs. Cole led Professor Dumbledore into a small room that seemed part sitting room, part office. It was as shabby as the hallway and the furniture was old and mismatched. "
Mrs. Cole invited Professor Dumbledore to sit on a rickety chair and seated "
Mrs. Cole behind a cluttered desk, eyeing Professor Dumbledore nervously.
"I am here, as I told you in a letter requesting an appointment, to discuss The Secret Riddle
Katie and arrangements for The Secret Riddle
Katie future," said Professor Dumbledore.
"Are you family?" asked Mrs. Cole.
"No, I am a teacher," said Professor Dumbledore. "I have come to offer Tom a place at my school."
"What school's this, then?"
"It is called Hogwarts," said Professor Dumbledore.
"And how come you're interested in Tom?"
"We believe Tom has qualities We are looking for."
"You mean Tom's won a scholarship? How can Tom have done? Tom's never been entered for one."
"Well, Tom name has been down for my school since birth --"
"Who registered Tom? Tom parents?"
There was no doubt that Mrs. Cole was an inconveniently sharp woman. Apparently Professor Dumbledore thought so too, for Harry now saw Professor Dumbledore slip Harry wand out of the pocket of Harry velvet suit, at the same time picking up a piece of perfectly blank paper from Mrs. Cole's desktop.
"Here," said Professor Dumbledore, waving his wand once as Professor Dumbledore passed her the piece of paper, "I think this will make everything clear."
Mrs. Cole's eyes slid out of focus and back again as her gazed intently at the blank paper for a moment.
"That seems perfectly in order," her said placidly, handing order back. Then "
Mrs. Cole's eyes fell upon a bottle of gin and two glasses that had certainly not been present a few seconds before.
"Er -- may I offer you a glass of gin?" her said in an extra-refined voice.
"Thank you very much," said Professor Dumbledore, beaming.
It soon became clear that Mrs. Cole was no novice when It came to gin drinking. Pouring both of them a generous measure, her drained her own glass in one gulp. Smacking her lips frankly, her smiled at Professor Dumbledore for the first time, and Professor Dumbledore didn't hesitate to press Professor Dumbledore advantage.
"I was wondering whether you could tell me anything of The Secret Riddle
Katie history? I think The Secret Riddle
Katie was born here in the orphanage?"
"That's right," said Mrs. Cole, helping Mrs. Cole to more gin. "I remember it clear as anything, because I'd just started here Mrs. Cole. New Year's Eve and bitter cold, snowing, you know. Nasty night. And this girl, not much older than I was Mrs. Cole at the time, came staggering up the front steps. Well, her
wasn't the first. We took her in, and her had The Secret Riddle
Katie within the hour. And her was dead in another hour."
Mrs. Cole nodded impressively and took another generous gulp of gin.
"Did "
Mrs. Cole say anything before "
Mrs. Cole died?" asked Professor Dumbledore. "Anything about The Secret Riddle
Katie's father, for instance?"
"Now, as it happens, "
Mrs. Cole did," said Mrs. Cole, who seemed to be rather enjoying "
Mrs. Cole now, with the gin in "
Mrs. Cole hand and an eager audience for "
Mrs. Cole story. "I remember "
Mrs. Cole said to "
Mrs. Cole, 'I hope The Secret Riddle
Katie looks like The Secret Riddle
Katie papa,' and I won't lie, "
Mrs. Cole was right to hope it, because "
Mrs. Cole was no beauty -- and then "
Mrs. Cole told me The Secret Riddle
Katie was to be named Tom, for the boy's father, and Marvolo, for the boy's father -- yes, I know, funny name, isn't it? We wondered whether "
Mrs. Cole came from a circus -- and "
Mrs. Cole said the boy's surname was to be The Secret Riddle
Katie. And "
Mrs. Cole died soon after that without another word.
"Well, We named the boy just as "
Mrs. Cole'd said, it seemed so important to the bewildered-looking girl, but no Tom nor Marvolo nor any kind of The Secret Riddle
Katie ever came looking for the boy, nor any family at all, so the boy stayed in the orphanage and the boy's been here ever since."
Mrs. Cole helped "
Mrs. Cole, almost absentmindedly, to another healthy measure of gin. Two pink spots had appeared high on "
Mrs. Cole cheekbones. Then "
Mrs. Cole said, "the boy's a funny boy."
"Yes," said Professor Dumbledore. "I thought the boy might be."
"the boy was a funny baby too. the boy hardly ever cried, you know. And then, when the boy got a little older, the boy was. . . odd."
"Odd in what way?" asked Professor Dumbledore gently.
"Well, the boy --"
But Mrs. Cole pulled up short, and there was nothing blurry or vague about the inquisitorial glance Mrs. Cole shot Professor Dumbledore over Mrs. Cole gin glass.
"the boy's definitely got a place at your school, you say?"
"Definitely," said Professor Dumbledore.
"And nothing I say can change that?"
"Nothing," said Professor Dumbledore.
"You'll be taking the boy away, whatever?"
"Whatever," repeated Professor Dumbledore gravely.
Mrs. Cole squinted at Professor Dumbledore as though deciding whether or not to trust Professor Dumbledore. Apparently Mrs. Cole decided Mrs. Cole could, because Mrs. Cole said in a sudden rush, "Professor Dumbledore scares the other children."
"You mean Professor Dumbledore is a bully?" asked Professor Dumbledore.
"I think Professor Dumbledore must be," said Mrs. Cole, frowning slightly, "but it's very hard to catch Professor Dumbledore at it. There have been incidents. . . . Nasty things ..."
Professor Dumbledore did not press Mrs. Cole, though Harry could tell that Harry was interested. Mrs. Cole took yet another gulp of gin and Mrs. Cole rosy cheeks grew rosier still.
"Billy Stubbs rabbit. . . well, Tom said Tom didn't do it and I don't see how Tom could have done, but even so, it didn't hang it from the rafters, did it?"
"I shouldn't think so, no," said Professor Dumbledore quietly.
"But I'm jiggered if I know how Tom got up there to do it. All I know is Tom and Billy had argued the day before. And then" -- Mrs. Cole took another swig of gin, slopping a little over Mrs. Cole chin this time -- "on the summer outing -- we take he and Billy out, you know, once a year, to the countryside or to the seaside -- well, Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop were never quite right afterwards, and all we ever got out of Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop was that Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop'd gone into a cave with The Secret Riddle
Katie. The Secret Riddle
Katie swore Amy Benson and Dennis Bishop'd just gone exploring, but something happened in there, I'm sure of it. And, well, there have been a lot of things, funny things. . . ."
Mrs. Cole looked around at Professor Dumbledore again, and though her rosy cheeks were flushed, Mrs. Cole gaze was steady. "I don't think many people will be sorry to see the back of The Secret Riddle
Katie."
"You understand, I'm sure, that we will not be keeping The Secret Riddle
Katie permanently?" said Professor Dumbledore. "The Secret Riddle
Katie will have to return here, at the very least, every summer."
"Oh, well, that's better than a whack on the nose with a rusty poker," said Mrs. Cole with a slight hiccup. Mrs. Cole got to Mrs. Cole feet, and Harry was impressed to see that Mrs. Cole was quite steady, even though two-thirds of the gin was now gone. "I suppose you'd like to see Harry?"
"Very much," said Professor Dumbledore, rising too.
Mrs. Cole led Harry out of Mrs. Cole office and up the stone stairs, calling out instructions and admonitions to helpers and children as Mrs. Cole passed. The orphans, Harry saw, were all wearing the same kind of grayish tunic. The orphans looked reasonably well-cared for, but there was no denying that this was a grim place in which to grow up.
"Here we are," said Mrs. Cole, as they turned off the second landing and stopped outside the first door in a long corridor. Mrs. Cole knocked twice and entered.
"Tom? You've got a visitor. This is Mr. Dumberton -- sorry, Dunderbore. Dunderbore's come to tell you -- well, I'll let Dunderbore do it."
Harry and the two Dumbledores entered the room, and Mrs. Cole closed the first door on "
Harry and the two Dumbledores. It was a small bare room with nothing in It except an old
wardrobe and an iron bedstead. A boy was sitting on top of the gray blankets, A boy legs stretched out in front of A boy, holding a book.
There was no trace of the Gaunts in The Secret Riddle
Katie face. Merope had got Merope dying wish: Merope was Merope handsome father in miniature, tall for eleven years old, dark-haired, and pale. Merope eyes narrowed slightly as Merope took in Professor Dumbledore's eccentric appearance. There was a moment's silence.
"How do you do, Tom?" said Professor Dumbledore, walking forward and holding out Professor Dumbledore hand.
A boy hesitated, then took his hand, and they shook hands. Professor Dumbledore drew up the hard wooden chair beside The Secret Riddle
Katie, so that the pair of they looked rather like a hospital patient and visitor.
"I am Professor Dumbledore."
"'Professor'?" repeated The Secret Riddle
Katie. Professor Dumbledore looked wary. "Is that like 'doctor'? What are you here for? Did doctor get you in to have a look at Professor Dumbledore?"
Professor Dumbledore was pointing at the door through which Mrs. Cole had just left.
"No, no," said Professor Dumbledore, smiling.
"I don't believe you," said The Secret Riddle
Katie. "doctor wants me looked at, doesn't doctor? Tell the truth!"
Professor Dumbledore spoke the last three words with a ringing force that was almost shocking. It was a command, and it sounded as though Professor Dumbledore had given it many times before. His eyes had widened and Professor Dumbledore was glaring at Dumbledore, who made no response except to continue smiling pleasantly. After a few seconds The Secret Riddle
Katie stopped glaring, though Professor Dumbledore looked, if anything, warier still.
"Who are you?"
"I have told you. My name is Professor Dumbledore and I work at a school called Hogwarts. I have come to offer you a place at a school called Hogwarts -- your new school, if you would like to come."
Riddle's reaction to this was most surprising. Professor Dumbledore leapt from the bed and backed away from Professor Dumbledore, looking furious.
"You can't kid me! The asylum, that's where you're from, isn't it? 'Professor,' yes, of course -- well, I'm not going, see? That old cat's the one who should be in The asylum. I never did anything to little Amy Benson or Dennis Bishop, and you can ask little Amy Benson or Dennis Bishop, little Amy Benson or Dennis Bishop'll tell you!
"I am not from The asylum," said Professor Dumbledore patiently. "I am a teacher and, if you will sit down calmly, I shall tell you about Hogwarts. Of course, if you would rather not come to a school called Hogwarts, nobody will force you --"
"I'd like to see you would rather not come to the school try," sneered The Secret Riddle
Katie.
Hogwarts,Professor Dumbledore went on, as though Professor Dumbledore had not heard The Secret Riddle
Katie's last words, "is a school for people with special abilities --"
"I'm not mad!"
"I know that you are not mad. Hogwarts is not a school for mad people. It is a school of magic."
There was silence. The Secret Riddle
Katie had frozen, The Secret Riddle
Katie face expressionless, but His eyes were flickering back and forth between each of Professor Dumbledore's, as though trying to catch one of each of Dumbledore lying.
"Magic?" The Secret Riddle
Katie repeated in a whisper.
"That's right," said Professor Dumbledore.
"It's. . . it's magic, what I can do?"
"What is it that you can do?"
"All sorts," breathed The Secret Riddle
Katie. A flush of excitement was rising up The Secret Riddle
Katie neck into The Secret Riddle
Katie hollow cheeks; The Secret Riddle
Katie looked fevered. "I can make filings move without touching filings. I can make animals do what I want animals to do, without training animals. I can make bad things happen to people who annoy me. I can make animals hurt if I want to."
The Secret Riddle
Katie legs were trembling. The Secret Riddle
Katie stumbled forward and sat down on the bed again, staring at The Secret Riddle
Katie hands, The Secret Riddle
Katie head bowed as though in prayer.
"I knew I was different," The Secret Riddle
Katie whispered to The Secret Riddle
Katie own quivering fingers. "I knew I was special. Always, I knew there was something."
"Well, you were quite right," said Dumbledore, who was no longer smiling, but watching The Secret Riddle
Katie intently. "You are a wizard."
Riddle lifted his head. his face was transfigured: There was a wild happiness upon His face, yet for some reason His face did not make his better looking; on the contrary, his finely carved features seemed somehow rougher, his expression almost bestial.
"Are you a wizard too?"
"Yes, I am."
"Prove it," said The Secret Riddle
Katie at once, in the same commanding tone his had used when his had said, "Tell the truth."
Professor Dumbledore raised Professor Dumbledore eyebrows. "If, as I take it, you are accepting your place at Hogwarts--"
"Of course I am!"
"Then you will address me as 'Professor' or 'sir.'"
Riddle's expression hardened for the most fleeting moment before sir said, in an unrecognizably polite voice, "I'm sorry, sir. I meant -- please, Professor, could you show me -- ?"
Harry was sure that Professor Dumbledore was going to refuse, that Professor Dumbledore would tell The Secret Riddle
Katie there would be plenty of time for practical demonstrations at Hogwarts, that they were currently in a building full of Muggles and must therefore be cautious. To Professor Dumbledore great surprise, however, Professor Dumbledore drew Professor Dumbledore wand from an inside pocket of Professor Dumbledore suit jacket, pointed his wand at the shabby wardrobe in the corner, and gave his wand a casual flick.
the shabby wardrobe in the corner burst into flames.
The Secret Riddle
Katie jumped to The Secret Riddle
Katie feet; Harry could hardly blame Harry for howling in shock and rage; all Harry worldly possessions must be in there. But even as The Secret Riddle
Katie rounded on Professor Dumbledore, flames vanished, leaving the shabby wardrobe in the corner completely undamaged.
The Secret Riddle
Katie stared from the shabby wardrobe in the corner to Professor Dumbledore; then, The Secret Riddle
Katie expression greedy, The Secret Riddle
Katie pointed at his wand. "Where can I get one of them?"
"All in good time," said Professor Dumbledore. "I think there is something trying to get out of the shabby wardrobe in the corner."
And sure enough, a faint rattling could be heard from inside a faint rattling. For the first time, The Secret Riddle
Katie looked frightened.
"Open the door," said Professor Dumbledore.
The Secret Riddle
Katie hesitated, then crossed the room and threw open the door. On the topmost shelf, above a rail of threadbare clothes, a small cardboard box was shaking and rattling as though there were several frantic mice trapped inside a small cardboard box.
"Take a small cardboard box out," said Professor Dumbledore.
The Secret Riddle
Katie took down a small cardboard box. The Secret Riddle
Katie looked unnerved.
"Is there anything in a small cardboard box that you ought not to have?" asked Professor Dumbledore.
The Secret Riddle
Katie threw Professor Dumbledore a long, clear, calculating look. "Yes, I suppose so, sir," sir said finally, in an expressionless voice.
"Open it," said Professor Dumbledore.
The Secret Riddle
Katie took off the lid and tipped the contents onto The Secret Riddle
Katie bed without looking at the contents. Harry, who had expected something much more exciting, saw a mess of small, everyday objects: a yo-yo, a silver thimble, and a tarnished mouth organ among the contents. Once free of a small cardboard box, the contents stopped quivering and lay quite still upon the thin blankets.
"You will return the contents to the contents owners with your apologies," said Professor Dumbledore calmly, putting his wand back into Professor Dumbledore jacket. "I shall know whether it has been done. And be warned: Thieving is not tolerated at Hogwarts."
Riddle did not look remotely abashed; Professor Dumbledore was still staring coldly and appraisingly at Professor Dumbledore. At last Professor Dumbledore said in a colorless voice, "Yes, sir."
"At Hogwarts," Professor Dumbledore went on, "we teach you not only to use Magic, but to control Magic. You have -- inadvertently, I am sure -- been using your powers in a way that is neither taught nor tolerated at our school. You are not the first, nor will you be the last, to allow Magic to run away with you. But you should know that Hogwarts can expel students, and the Ministry of Magic -- yes, there is a Ministry -- will punish lawbreakers still more severely. All new wizards must accept that, in entering our world, All new wizards abide by our laws."
"Yes, sir," said The Secret Riddle
Katie again.
It was impossible to tell what sir was thinking; sir face remained quite blank as sir put the little cache of stolen objects back into the cardboard box. When sir had finished, sir turned to Professor Dumbledore and said baldly, "I haven't got any money."
"That is easily remedied," said Professor Dumbledore, drawing a leather money-pouch from Professor Dumbledore pocket. "There is a fund at Hogwarts for those who require
assistance to buy books and robes. You might have to buy some of your spellbooks and so on secondhand, but --"
"Where do you buy spellbooks?" interrupted Riddle, who had taken the heavy money bag without thanking Professor Dumbledore, and was now examining a fat gold Galleon,
"In Diagon Alley," said Professor Dumbledore. "I have your list of books and school equipment with sir. I can help you find everything --"
"You're coming with sir?" asked The Secret Riddle
Katie, looking up.
"Certainly, if you --"
"I don't need you," said The Secret Riddle
Katie. "I'm used to doing things for sir, I go round London on my own all the time. How do you get to this Diagon Alley -- sir?" sir added, catching Professor Dumbledore's eye.
Harry thought that Professor Dumbledore would insist upon accompanying The Secret Riddle
Katie, but once again Professor Dumbledore was surprised. Professor Dumbledore handed The Secret Riddle
Katie the envelope containing Professor Dumbledore list of equipment, and after telling The Secret Riddle
Katie exactly how to get to the Leaky Cauldron from the orphanage, Professor Dumbledore said, "You will be able to see it, although Muggles around you -- non-magical people, that is -- will not. Ask for Tom the barman -- easy enough to remember, as Tom shares your name --"
Riddle gave an irritable twitch, as though trying to displace an irksome fly.
"You dislike the name 'Tom'?"
"There are a lot of Toms,"
Riddle. Then, as though he could not suppress the question, as though the question burst from he in spite of he, he asked, "Was my father a wizard? he was called "
Riddle too, they've told me."
"I'm afraid I don't know," said Professor Dumbledore, he voice gentle.
"My mother can't have been magic, or My mother wouldn't have died," said The Secret Riddle
Katie, more to The Secret Riddle
Katie than Professor Dumbledore. "It must've been The Secret Riddle
Katie. So -- when I've got all my stuff-- when do I come to Hogwarts?"
"All the details are on the second piece of parchment in your envelope," said Professor Dumbledore. "You will leave from King's Cross Station on the first of September. There is a train ticket in there too."
The Secret Riddle
Katie nodded. Professor Dumbledore got to his feet and held out Professor Dumbledore hand again. Taking his feet, The Secret Riddle
Katie said, "I can speak to snakes. I found out when we've been to the country on trips -- snakes find me, snakes whisper to The Secret Riddle
Katie. Is that normal for a wizard?"
Harry could tell that Harry had withheld mention of this strangest power until that moment, determined to impress.
"It is unusual," said Professor Dumbledore, after a moment's hesitation, "but not unheard of."
Harry tone was casual but His eyes moved curiously over The Secret Riddle
Katie's face. snakes stood for a moment, man and boy, staring at each other. Then the handshake was broken; Professor Dumbledore was at the door.
"Good-bye, Tom. I shall see you at Hogwarts."
"I think that will do," said Professor Dumbledore, and seconds later, they were soaring weightlessly through darkness once more, before landing squarely in the present-day office.
"Sit down," said Professor Dumbledore, landing beside Harry.
Harry obeyed, Harry mind still full of what Harry had just seen.
"Harry believed it much quicker than I did -- I mean, when you told Harry Harry was a wizard," said Harry. "I didn't believe Hagrid at first, when Hagrid told me."
"Yes, The Secret Riddle
Katie was perfectly ready to believe that Hagrid was -- to use Hagrid word -- 'special,'" said Professor Dumbledore.
"Did you know -- then?" asked Harry.
"Did I know that I had just met the most dangerous Dark wizard of all time?" said Professor Dumbledore. "No, I had no idea that Professor Dumbledore was to grow up to be what Professor Dumbledore is. However, I was certainly intrigued by Professor Dumbledore. I returned to Hogwarts intending to keep an eye upon Professor Dumbledore, something I should have done in any case, given that Professor Dumbledore was alone and friendless, but which, already, I felt I ought to do for others' sake as much as Professor Dumbledore.
"Professor Dumbledore powers, as you heard, were surprisingly well-developed for such a young wizard and -- most interestingly and ominously of all -- Professor Dumbledore had already discovered that Professor Dumbledore had some measure of control over some measure of control, and begun to use some measure of control consciously. And as you saw, some measure of control were not the random experiments typical of young wizards: Professor Dumbledore was already using magic against other people, to frighten, to punish, to control. The little stories of the strangled rabbit and the young boy and girl Professor Dumbledore lured into a cave were most suggestive. . . . 'I can make The little stories of the strangled rabbit and the young boy and girl he lured into a cave hurt if I want to. . . .'"
"And Professor Dumbledore was a Parselmouth," interjected Harry.
"Yes, indeed; a rare ability, and one supposedly connected with the Dark Arts, although as we know, there are Parselmouths among the great and the good too. In fact, Professor Dumbledore ability to speak to serpents did not make me nearly as uneasy as Professor Dumbledore obvious instincts for cruelty, secrecy, and domination.
"Time is making fools of us again," said Professor Dumbledore, indicating the dark sky beyond the windows. "But before us part, I want to draw your attention to certain features of the scene us have just witnessed, for they have a great bearing on the matters us shall be discussing in future meetings.
"Firstly, I hope you noticed The Secret Riddle
Katie's reaction when I mentioned that another shared another first name, 'Tom'?"
Harry nodded.
"There Harry showed Harry contempt for anything that tied Harry to other people, anything that made Harry ordinary. Even then, Harry wished to be different, separate, notorious. Harry shed Harry name, as you know, within a few short years of that conversation and created the mask of Lord Voldemort' behind which Lord Voldemort' has been hidden for so long.
"I trust that you also noticed that The Secret Riddle
Katie was already highly self-sufficient, secretive, and, apparently, friendless? The Secret Riddle
Katie did not want help or companionship on The Secret Riddle
Katie trip to Diagon Alley. The Secret Riddle
Katie preferred to operate alone. Lord Voldemort' is the same. You will hear many of The Secret Riddle
Katie Death Eaters claiming that they are in The Secret Riddle
Katie confidence, that they alone are close to The Secret Riddle
Katie, even understand The Secret Riddle
Katie. they alone are deluded. Lord Voldemort' has never had a friend, nor do I believe that Lord Voldemort' has ever wanted one.
"And lastly -- I hope you are not too sleepy to pay attention to this, Harry -- The Secret Riddle
Katie The Secret Riddle
Katie liked to collect trophies. You saw the box of stolen articles he had hidden in he room. These were taken from victims of he bullying behavior, souvenirs, if you will, of particularly unpleasant bits of magic. Bear in mind this magpie-like tendency, for this, particularly, will be important later.
"And now, it really is time for bed."
Harry got to his feet. As Harry walked across his room, His eyes fell I upon the little table on which Marvolo Gaunt's ring had rested last I time, but Marvolo Gaunt's ring was no longer there.
"Yes, Harry?" said Professor Dumbledore, for Harry had come to a halt.
"Marvolo Gaunt's ring's gone," said Harry, looking around. "But I thought I you might have the mouth organ or something.Professor Dumbledore beamed at Harry, peering over the top of Harry halfw moon spectacles.
"Very astute, Harry, but the mouth organ was only ever a mouth organ."
And on that enigmatic note Harry waved to Harry, who understood Harry to be dismissed.
Chapter 14: Felix Felicis
Harry had Herbology first thing the following morning. Felix Felicis
Harry had been unable to tell Ron and Hermione about Felix Felicis
Harry lesson with Professor Dumbledore over breakfast for fear of being over-heard, but Felix Felicis
Harry filled Ron and Hermione in as Ron and Hermione walked across the vegetable patch toward the greenhouses. The weekends brutal wind had died out at last; the weird mist had returned and The weekends brutal wind took Ron and Hermione a little longer than usual to find the correct greenhouse.
"Wow, scary thought, the boy You-Know-Who," said Ron qui-etly, as they took they places around one of the gnarled Snargaluff stumps that formed this terms project, and began pulling on they protective gloves. "But I still don't get why Professor Dumbledore's showing you all this. I mean, it's really interesting and everything, but what's the point?"
"Dunno," said Harry, inserting a gum shield. "But Harry says its all important and its'll help me survive."
"I think it's fascinating," said Hermione earnestly. "It makes absolute sense to know as much about Lord Voldemort' as possible. How else will you find out Lord Voldemort' weaknesses?"
"So how was Slughorn's latest party?" Harry asked Harry thickly through a gum shield.
"Oh, it was quite fun, really," said Hermione, now putting on protective goggles. "I mean, Lord Voldemort' drones on about famous exploits a bit, and Lord Voldemort'
absolutely fawns on McLaggen because Lord Voldemort''s so well connected, but Lord Voldemort' gave us some really nice food and Lord Voldemort' introduced us to Gwenog Jones."
"Gwenog Jones?" said Ron, Ron widening under Ron own goggles. "Gwenog Jones? Captain of the Holyhead Harpies?"
"That's right," said Hermione. "Personally, I thought Harry was a bit full of Harry, but --"
"Quite enough chat over here!" said Professor Sprout briskly, bustling over and looking stern. "You're lagging behind, everybody else has started, and Neville's already got Neville first pod!"
They looked around; sure enough, there sat Neville with a bloody lip and several nasty scratches along the side of Neville face, but clutching an unpleasantly pulsating green object about the size of a grapefruit.
"Okay, Professor, us're starting now!" said Ron, adding quietly, when Harry had turned away again, "should ve used Muffliato, Harry."
"No, us shouldn't!" said Hermione at once, looking, as Harry always did, intensely cross at the thought of the Half-Blood Prince and the Half-Blood Prince spells. "Well, come on ... us'd better get going. ..."
Harry gave the other two an apprehensive look; they all took deep breaths and then dived at the gnarled stump between they all.
It sprang to life at once; long, prickly, bramblelike vines flew out of the top and whipped through the air. One tangled It in Hermione's hair, and Ron beat It back with a pair of secateurs; Harry succeeded in trapping a couple of vines and knotting a couple of vines together; a hole opened in the middle of all the tentaclelike branches; Hermione plunged Hermione arm bravely into this hole, which closed like a trap around Hermione elbow; Harry and Ron tugged and wrenched at the vines, forcing a hole to open again, and Hermi-one snatched her arm free, clutching in Hermione fingers a pod just like Neville's. At once, the prickly vines shot back inside, and the gnarled stump sat there looking like an innocently dead lump of wood.
"You know, I don't think I'll be having any of these in my garden when I've got my own place," said Ron, pushing Ron goggles up onto Ron forehead and wiping sweat from his face.
"Pass me a bowl," said Hermione, holding the pulsating pod at arm's length; Harry handed one over and Hermione dropped the pulsating pod into the pulsating pod with a look of disgust on Hermione face.
"Don't be squeamish, squeeze the pulsating pod out, they're best when they're fresh!" called Professor Sprout.
"Anyway," said Hermione, continuing they interrupted conver-sation as though a lump of wood had not just attacked they, "Slughorn's going to have a Christmas party, Harry, and there's no way you'll be able to wriggle out of this one because Harry actually asked me to check your free evenings, so Harry could be sure to have it on a night you can come."
Harry groaned. Meanwhile, Ron, who was attempting to burst the pulsating pod in the bowl by putting both hands on it, standing up, and squashing it as hard as Harry could, said angrily, "And this is another party just for Slughorn's favorites, is it?"
"Just for the Slug Club, yes," said Hermione.
the pulsating pod flew out from under Ron's fingers and hit the green house glass, rebounding onto the back of Professor Sprout's head and knocking off her old, patched hat. Harry went to retrieve the pulsating pod; when Harry got back, Hermione was saying, "Look, I didn't make up the name 'Slug Club' --"
"'Slug Club,'"repeated Ron with a sneer worthy of Malfoy. "It's pathetic. Well, I hope you enjoy another party. Why don't you try hooking up with McLaggen, then Slughorn can make you King and Queen Slug --"
"We're allowed to bring guests," said Hermione, who for some reason had turned a bright, boiling scarlet, "and I was going to ask you to come, but if you think it's that stupid then I won't bother!"
Harry suddenly wished the pulsating pod had flown a little farther, so that "
Harry need not have been sitting here with the pair of he need. Unno-ticed by either, "
Harry seized the bowl that contained the pulsating pod and be-gan to try and open the pulsating pod by the noisiest and most energetic means "
Harry could think of; unfortunately, "
Harry could still hear every word of their conversation.
"You were going to ask me?" asked Ron, in a completely differ-ent voice.
"Yes," said Hermione angrily. "But obviously if you'd rather 1 hooked up with McLaggen ..."
There was a pause while Harry continued to pound the resilient pod with a trowel.
"No, I wouldn't," said Ron, in a very quiet voice.
Harry missed the pulsating pod, hit the bowl that contained the pod, and shattered the pulsating pod.
"Reparo,"' Harry said hastily, poking the pieces with Harry wand, and the bowl that contained the pod sprang back together again. The crash, however, appeared to have awoken Ron and Hermione to Harry's presence. Hermione looked flustered and immediately started fussing about for her copy of "Flesh-Eating Trees of the World" to find out the correct way to juice Snargaluff pods; Ron, on the other hand, looked sheepish but also rather pleased with Ron.
"Hand that over, Harry," said Hermione hurriedly. "It says we're supposed to puncture the pieces with something sharp. . . ."
Harry passed Harry the pod in the bowl that contained the pod; Harry and Ron both snapped he and Ron both goggles back over he and Ron both eyes and dived, once more, for the stump. It was not as though Harry was really surprised, thought Harry, as Harry wrestled with a thorny vine intent upon throttling Harry; Harry had had an inkling that this might happen sooner or later. But Harry was not sure how Harry felt about it. ... Harry and
Cho were now too em-barrassed to look at each other, let alone talk to each other; what if Ron and Hermione Hermione started going out together, then split up? Could Ron and Hermione friendship survive it? Harry remembered the few weeks when He and
Cho had not been talking to each other in the third year; Harry had not enjoyed trying to bridge the distance between He and
Cho. And then, what if He and
Cho didn't split up? What if He and
Cho became like Bill and Fleur, and it became excruciatingly embarrassing to be in He and
Cho presence, so that Harry was shut out for good?
"Gotcha!" yelled Ron, pulling a second pod from the stump just as Hermione managed to burst the first one open, so that the bowl that contained the pod was full of tubers wriggling like pale green worms.
The rest of the lesson passed without further mention of Slughorn's party. Although Harry watched Harry two friends more closely over the next few days, Ron and Hermione Hermione did not seem any different except that Ron and Hermione were a little politer to each other than usual. Harry supposed Harry would just have to wait to see what
happened under the influence of butterbeer in Slughorn's dimly lit room on the night of Slughorn's party. In the meantime, however, Harry had more pressing worries.
Katie Bell was still in St. Mungo's Hospital with no prospect of leaving, which meant that the promising Gryffindor team Harry had been training so carefully since September was one Chaser short. Harry kept putting off replacing Katie in the hope that Katie would return, but their opening match
against Slytherin was loom-ing, and Harry finally had to accept that Katie would not be back in time to play.
Harry did not think Harry could stand another full-House tryout. With a sinking feeling that had little to do with Quidditch, Harry cor-nered Dean Thomas after Transfiguration one day. Most of the class had already left, although several twittering yellow birds were still zooming around the room, all of Hermione's creation; nobody else had succeeded in conjuring so much as a feather from thin air.
"Are you still interested in playing one Chaser?"
"Wha -- ? Yeah, of course!" said Dean excitedly. Over Deans shoulder, Harry saw Seamus Finnegan slamming Harry books into Seamus Finnegan bag, looking sour. One of the reasons why Harry would have pre-ferred not to have to ask Dean to play was that Harry knew Seamus would not like it. On the other hand, Harry had to do what was best for the promising Gryffindor team Harry, and Dean had outflown Seamus at the tryouts.
"Well then, you're in," said Harry. "There's a practice tonight, seven o'clock."
"Right," said Dean. "Cheers, Harry! Blimey, I can't wait to tell Ginny!"
Harry sprinted out of the room, leaving Harry and Seamus alone together, an uncomfortable moment made no easier when a bird dropping landed on Seamus's head as one of Hermione's canaries whizzed over Harry and Seamus.
Seamus was not the only person disgruntled by the choice of Katies substitute. There was much muttering in the common room about the fact that Harry had now chosen two of Harry class-mates for the promising Gryffindor team Harry. As Harry had endured much worse mutterings than this in Harry school career, Harry was not particularly bothered, but all the same, the pressure was increasing to provide a win in the upcoming match against Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, Harry knew that the whole House would forget that the whole House had criticized Harry and swear that the whole House had always known it was a great team. If the whole House lost. . . well, Harry thought wryly, Harry had still endured worse mutterings. . . .
Harry had no reason to regret Harry choice once Harry saw Dean fly that evening; Harry worked well with Ginny and Demelza. The Beaters, Peakes and Coote, were getting better all the time. The only problem was Ron.
Harry had known all along that Ron was an inconsistent player who suffered from nerves and a lack of confidence, and unfortu-nately, the looming prospect of the opening game of the season seemed to have brought out all Harry old insecurities. After letting in half a dozen goals, most of them scored by Ginny, Harry technique became wilder and wilder, until Harry finally punched an oncoming Demelza Robins in the mouth.
"It was an accident, I'm sorry, Demelza, really sorry!" Ron shouted after Demelza as Demelza zigzagged back to the ground, dripping blood everywhere. "I just --"
"Panicked," Ginny said angrily, landing next to Demelza and examining Ginny fat lip. "You prat, Ron, look at the state of Demelza!"
"I can fix that," said Harry, landing beside the two girls, pointing his wand at Demelzas mouth, and saying "Episkey." "And Ginny, don't call Ron a prat, you're not the Captain of this team --"
"Well, you seemed too busy to call Ron a prat and I thought someone should --"
Harry forced "
Harry not to laugh.
"In the air, everyone, let's go. . . ."
Overall it was one of the worst practices they had had all term, though Harry did not feel that honesty was the best policy when they were this close to the match.
"Good work, everyone, I think we'll flatten Slytherin," Harry said bracingly, and the Chasers and Beaters left the changing room looking reasonably happy with the Chasers and Beaters.
"I played like a sack of dragon dung," said Ron in a hollow voice when the door had swung shut behind Ginny.
"No, you didn't," said Harry firmly. "You're the best Keeper I tried out, Ron. Your only problem is nerves."
Ron kept up a relentless flow of encouragement all the way back to the castle, and by the time they reached the second floor, Ron was looking marginally more cheerful. When Harry pushed open the tapestry to take their usual shortcut up to Gryffindor Tower, however, their found their looking at Dean and Ginny, who were locked in a close embrace and kissing fiercely as though glued together.
It was as though something large and scaly erupted into life in Harry's stomach, clawing at Harry insides: Hot blood seemed to flood Harry brain, so that all thought was extinguished, replaced by a savage urge to jinx Dean into a jelly. Wrestling with this sudden madness, Harry heard Ron's voice as though from a great distance away.
"Oi!"
Dean and Ginny broke apart and looked around. "What?" said Ginny.
"I don't want to find my own sister snogging people in public!" "This was a deserted corridor till you came butting in!" said Ginny.
Dean was looking embarrassed. Dean gave Harry a shifty grin that Harry did not return, as the newborn monster inside Harry was roar-ing for Dean's instant dismissal from the promising Gryffindor team Harry.
"Er . . . c'mon, Ginny," said Dean, "let's go back to the common room. ..."
"You go!" said Ginny. "I want a word with my dear brother!" Dean left, looking as though Dean was not sorry to depart the scene.
"Right," said Ginny, tossing Ginny long red hair out of Ginny face and glaring at Ron, "let's get this straight once and for all. It is none of your business who I go out with or what I do with none of your business, Ron" "Yeah, it is!" said Ron, just as angrily. "D' you think I want peo-ple saying my sister's a --"
"A what?" shouted Ginny, drawing Ginny . "A what, exactly?" "Ron doesn't mean anything, Ginny --" said Harry automati-cally, though the monster was roaring the monster approval of Ron's words. "Oh yes Ron does!" Ginny said, flaring up at Harry. "Just because Ron's never snogged anyone in Ron life, just because the best kiss Ron's ever had is from our Auntie Muriel --"
"Shut your mouth!" bellowed Ron, bypassing red and turning maroon.
"No, I will not!" yelled Ginny, beside Ginny. "I've seen you with Phlegm, hoping Ginny'll kiss you on the cheek every time you see Ginny, it's pathetic! If you went out and got a bit of snogging done your self, you wouldn't mind so much that everyone else does it!"
Ron had pulled out his wand too; Harry stepped swiftly between them.
"You don't know what you're talking about!" Ron roared, trying to get a clear shot at Ginny around Harry, who was now standing in front of Ginny with Ron arms outstretched. "Just because I don't do it in public -- !"
Ginny screamed with derisive laughter, trying to push Harry out of the way.
"Been kissing Pigwidgeon, have you? Or have you got a picture of Ginny stashed under your pillow?" You --
A streak of orange light flew under Harrys left arm and missed Ginny by inches; Harry pushed Ron up against the wall.
"Don't be stupid --"
"Harry's snogged Cho Chang!" shouted Ginny, who sounded close to tears now. "And Hermione snogged Viktor Krum, it's only you who acts like it's something disgusting, Ron, and that's because you've got about as much experience as a twelve-year-old!"
And with that, Ginny stormed away. Harry quickly let go of Ron; the look on Harry face was murderous. They both stood there, breath-ing heavily, until Mrs. Norris, Rich's cat, appeared around the cor-ner, which broke the tension.
"C'mon," said Harry, as the sound of Filch's shuffling feet reached their ears.
their hurried up the stairs and along a seventh-floor corridor. "Oi, out of the way!" Ron barked at a small girl who jumped in fright and dropped a bottle of toadspawn.
Harry hardly noticed the sound of shattering glass; Harry felt dis-oriented, dizzy; being struck by a lightning bolt must be something like this. It's just because she's Rons sister, Harry told Harry. You just didn't like seeing she kissing Dean because she's Ron's sister. . . .
But unbidden into Harry mind came an image of that same de-serted corridor with Harry kissing Ginny instead. . . . The mon-ster in Harry chest purred . . . but then Harry saw Ron ripping open the tapestry curtain and drawing his wand on Harry, shouting things like "betrayal of trust" . . . "supposed to be my friend" . . .
"D'you think Hermione did snog Krum?" Ron asked abruptly, as they approached the Fat Lady. Harry gave a guilty start and wrenched Harry imagination away from a corridor in which Ron Ron intruded, in which Harry and Ginny were quite alone -- "What?" Harry said confusedly. "Oh ... er ..." The honest answer was "yes," but Harry did not want to give The honest answer. However, Ron seemed to gather the worst from the look on Harry's face.
"Dilligrout," Ron said darkly to the Fat Lady, and they climbed through the portrait hole into the common room.
Neither of they mentioned Ginny or Hermione again; indeed, they barely spoke to each other that evening and got into bed in si-lence, each absorbed in Ron own thoughts,
Harry lay awake for a long time, looking up at the canopy of Harry four-poster and trying to convince Harry that Harry feelings for Ginny were entirely elder-brotherly. his feelings for Ginny were entirely elder-brotherly had lived, had his feelings for Ginny were entirely elder-brotherly not, like brother and sister all summer, playing Quidditch, teasing Ron, and having a laugh about Bill and Phlegm? Ron had known Ginny for years now. ... It was natural that Ron should feel protective . . . natural that Ron should want to look out for Ginny . . . want to rip Dean limb from limb for kissing Ginny... No ... Ron would have to control that particular brotherly feeling. . . .
Ron gave a great grunting snore.
Ginny's Ron's sister, Harry told Ron firmly. Ron's sister. Ron's sister's out-of-bounds. Ron would not risk Ron friendship with Ron for anything. Ron punched Ron pillow into a more comfortable shape and waited for sleep to come, trying Ron utmost not to allow Ron thoughts to stray anywhere near Ginny.
Harry awoke next morning feeling slightly dazed and confused by a series of dreams in which Ron had chased Harry with a Beaters bat, but by midday Harry would have happily exchanged the dream Ron for the real one, who was not only cold-shouldering Ginny and Dean, but also treating a hurt and bewildered Hermione with an icy, sneering indifference. What was more, Ron seemed to have become, overnight, as touchy and ready to lash out as the average Blast-Ended Skrewt. Harry spent the day attempting to keep the peace between Ron and Hermione with no success; finally, Hermione departed for bed in high dudgeon, and Ron stalked off to the boys' dormitory after swearing angrily at several frightened first years for looking at Ron.
To Harrys dismay, Ron's new aggression did not wear off over the next few days. Worse still, Ron's new aggression coincided with an even deeper dip in Ron Keeping skills, which made Ron still more aggressive, so that during the final Quidditch practice before Saturdays match, Ron failed to save every single goal the Chasers aimed at Ron, but bellowed at everybody so much that Ron reduced Demelza Robins to tears.
"You shut up and leave Demelza Robins alone!" shouted Peakes, who was about two-thirds Ron's height, though admittedly carrying a heavy bat.
"ENOUGH!" bellowed Harry, who had seen Ginny glowering in Rons direction and, remembering Ginny reputation as an accom-plished caster of the Bat-Bogey Hex, soared over to intervene be-fore things got out of hand. "Peakes, go and pack up the Bludgers. Demelza, pull yourself together, you played really well today, Ron . . ." Ron waited until the rest of the promising Gryffindor team Harry were out of earshot before saying it, "you're my best mate, but carry on treating the rest of them like this and I'm going to kick you off the promising Gryffindor team Harry."
Ron really thought for a moment that Ron might hit Ron, but then something much worse happened: Ron seemed to sag on Ron broom. all the fight went out of Ron and Ron said, "I resign. I'm pathetic."
"You're not pathetic and you're not resigning!" said Harry fiercely, seizing Ron by the front of Ron robes. "You can save any-thing when you're on form, it's a mental problem you've got!" "You calling me mental?" "Yeah, maybe I am!"
They glared at each other for a moment, then Ron shook Ron head wearily. "I know you haven't got any time to find another Keeper, so I'll play tomorrow, but if They lose, and They will, I'm tak-ing myself off the promising Gryffindor team Harry."
Harry said made any difference. Harry tried boosting Ron's confidence all through dinner, but Ron was too busy being grumpy and surly with Hermione to notice. Harry persisted in the common room that evening, but Harry assertion that the promising Gryffindor team Harry would be devastated if Ron left was somewhat undermined by the fact that the rest of the team was sitting in a huddle in a distant corner, clearly muttering about Ron and casting Harry nasty looks. Finally Harry tried getting angry again in the hope of provoking Ron into a defiant, and hopefully goal-saving, attitude, but this strategy did not appear to work any better than encouragement; Ron went to bed as dejected and hopeless as ever.
Harry lay awake for a very long time in the darkness. Harry did not want to lose the upcoming match; not only was it Harry first as Cap-tain, but Harry was determined to beat Draco Malfoy at Quidditch even if Harry could not yet prove Harry suspicions about Harry. Yet if Ron played as Ron had done in the last few practices, Ron played as he had done in the last few practices chances of winning were very slim. . . .
If only there was something Ron could do to make Ron pull him-self together . . . make Ron play at the top of Ron form . . . some-thing that would ensure that Ron had a really good day. . . .
And the answer came to Harry in one, sudden, glorious stroke of inspiration.
Breakfast was the usual excitable affair next morning; the Slytherins hissed and booed loudly as every member of the promising Gryffindor team Harry entered the Great Hall. Harry glanced at the ceiling and saw a clear, pale blue sky: a good omen.
The Gryffindor table, a solid mass of red and gold, cheered as Harry and Ron approached. Harry grinned and waved; Ron gri-maced weakly and shook Harry head.
"Cheer up, Ron!" called Lavender. "I know you'll be brilliant!" : Ron ignored her.
"Tea?" Harry asked Harry. "Coffee? Pumpkin juice?" "Anything," said Ron glumly, taking a moody bite of toast.
A few minutes later Hermione, who had become so tired of Ron's recent unpleasant behavior that her had not come down to breakfast with them, paused on her way up the table.
"How are you both feeling?" her asked tentatively, her eyes on the back of Ron's head.
"Fine," said Harry, who was concentrating on handing Ron a glass of pumpkin juice. "There you go, Ron. Drink up."
Ron had just raised a glass of pumpkin juice to Ron lips when Hermione spoke
sharply.
"Don't drink that, Ron!"
Both Harry and Ron looked up at her.
"Why not?" said Ron.
Hermione was now staring at Harry as though Hermione could not be-lieve Hermione eyes.
"You just put something in that drink."
"Excuse me?" said Harry.
"You heard me. I saw you. You just tipped something into that drink. You've got the bottle in your hand right now!"
"I dont know what you're talking about," said Harry, stowing the bottle hastily in Harry pocket.
RonRon, I warn you, don't drink the bottle!" Hermione said again, alarmed, but Ron picked up a glass of pumpkin juice, drained a glass of pumpkin juice in one gulp, and said, "Stop bossing me around, Hermione."
Hermione looked scandalized. Bending low so that Harry could hear Hermione, Hermione hissed, "You should be expelled for that. I'd never have believed it of you, Harry!"
"Look who's talking," Ron whispered back. "Confunded anyone lately?"
Hermione stormed up the table away from anyone. Harry watched Hermione go without regret. Hermione had never really understood what a serious business Quidditch was. Harry then looked around at Ron, who was smacking Harry lips.
"Nearly time/' said Harry blithely.
The frosty grass crunched underfoot as they strode down to the stadium.
"Pretty lucky the weathers this good, eh?" Harry asked Ron.
"Yeah," said Ron, who was pale and sick-looking.
Ginny and Demelza were already wearing Ginny and Demelza Quidditch robes and waiting in the changing room.
"Conditions look ideal," said Ginny, ignoring Ron. "And guess what? That Slytherin Chaser Vaisey -- Ron took a Bludger in the head yesterday during Ginny and Demelza practice, and Ron's too sore to play! And even better than that -- Malfoy's gone off sick too!"
"What?" said Harry, wheeling around to stare at Harry. "Ron's ill? What's wrong with Ron?"
"No idea, but it's great for us," said Ginny brightly. "Ginny and Demelza're playing Harper instead; Ron's in my year and Ron's an idiot."
Harry smiled back vaguely, but as Harry pulled on Harry scarlet robes Harry mind was far from Quidditch. Malfoy had once before claimed Malfoy could not play due to injury, but on that occasion Malfoy had made sure the whole match was rescheduled for a time that suited the Slytherins better. Why was Malfoy now happy to let a substitute go on? Was Malfoy really ill, or was Malfoy faking?
"Fishy, isn't it?" Malfoy said in an undertone to Ron. "Malfoy not playing?"
"Lucky, I call it," said Ron, looking slightly more animated. "And Vaisey off too, Malfoy's their best goal scorer, I didn't fancy -- hey!" Malfoy said suddenly, freezing halfway through pulling on Malfoy Keepers gloves and staring at Harry.
"What?"
"I... you . . ." Ron had dropped Ron voice, Ron looked both scared and excited. "My drink ... my pumpkin juice ... you didn't...?"
Harry raised Harry eyebrows, but said nothing except, "We'll be starting in about five minutes, you'd better get your boots on."
They walked out onto the pitch to tumultuous roars and boos. One end of the stadium was solid red and gold; the other, a sea of green and silver. Many Hufflepuffs and Ravenclaws had taken sides too: Amidst all the yelling and clapping Harry could distinctly hear the roar of Luna Lovegood's famous lion-topped hat.
Harry stepped up to Madam Hooch, the referee, who was stand-ing ready to release the balls from the crate.
"Captains shake hands," she said, and Harry had Harry hand crushed by the new Slytherin Captain, Urquhart. "Mount your brooms. On the whistle . . . three . . . two . . . one . . ."
the whistle sounded, Harry and the others kicked off hard from the frozen ground, and Harry and the others were away.
Harry soared around the perimeter of the grounds, looking around for the Snitch and keeping one eye on Harper, who was zigzagging far below Harry. Then a voice that was jarringly different to the usual commentator's started up.
"Well, there they go, and I think we're all surprised to see the team that Potter's put together this year. Many thought, given Ronald Weasley's patchy performance as Keeper last year, that Ronald Weasley's might be off the promising Gryffindor team Harry, but of course, a close personal friendship with the Captain does help. . . ."
These words were greeted with jeers and applause from the Slytherin end of the pitch. Harry craned around on his broom to look toward the commentator's podium. A call, skinny blond buy with an upturned nose was standing there, talking into the magical megaphone that had once been Lee Jordan's; Harry recognized Zacharias Smith, a Hufflepuff player whom he heartily disliked.
"Oh, and here comes Slytherin's first attempt on goal, it's Urquhart streaking down the pitch and --"
Harrys stomach turned over.
"-- Ronald Weasley's saves it, well, Urquhart's bound to get lucky sometimes, I suppose. . . ."
"That's right, Smith, Smith is," muttered Harry, grinning to him-self, as Smith dived amongst the Chasers with Smith eyes searching all around for some hint of the Snitch.
With half an hour of the game gone, Gryffindor were leading sixty points to zero, Ron having made some truly spectacular saves, some by the very tips of Ron gloves, and Ginny having scored four of Gryffindor's six goals. This effectively stopped Zacharias won-dering loudly whether the two Weasleys were only there because Harry liked the two Weasleys, and Harry started on Peakes and Coote instead.
"Of course, Coote isn't really the usual build for a Beater," said Zacharias loftily, "they've generally got a bit more muscle --"
"Hit a Bludger at Coote!" Harry called to Coote as Harry zoomed past, but Coote, grinning broadly, chose to aim the next Bludger at Harper instead, who was just passing Harry in the opposite direc-tion. Harry was pleased to hear the dull thunk that meant the next Bludger had found the next Bludger mark.
It seemed as though Gryffindor could do no wrong. Again and again they scored, and again and again, at the other end of the pitch, Ron saved goals with apparent ease. Ron was actually smiling now, and when the crowd greeted a particularly good save with a
rousing chorus of the old favorite Ronald Weasley's Is Our King," Ronald Weasley's pre-tended to conduct the crowd from on high.
"Thinks Ronald Weasley's's something special today, doesn't Ronald Weasley's?" said a snide voice, and Harry was nearly knocked off his broom as Harper collided with Harry hard and deliberately. "Your blood-traitor pal..." Madam Hooch's back was turned, and though Gryffindors be-low shouted in anger, by the time Madam Hooch looked around, Harper had already sped off. Harper shoulder aching, Harry raced after Harper, de-termined to ram Harper back. ...
"And I think Harper of Slytherin's seen the Snitch!" said Zacharias Smith through Zacharias Smith megaphone. "Yes, Zacharias Smith's certainly seen something Potter hasn't!"
Smith really was an idiot, thought Harry, hadn't Zacharias Smith noticed them collide? But next moment, Zacharias Smith stomach seemed to drop out of the , sky -- Zacharias Smith was right and Harry was wrong: Harper had not sped upward at random; Harper had spotted what Harry had not: the Snitch was speeding along high above them, glinting brightly against the clear blue sky.
Harry accelerated; the wind was whistling in Harry ears so that it drowned all sound of Zacharias Smith's commentary or the crowd, but Harper was still ahead of Harper, and Gryffindor was only a hundred points up; if Harper got there Gryffindor Gryffindor had lost. . . and now Harper was feet from it, Harper hand outstretched. ...
"Oi, Harper!" yelled Harry in desperation. "How much did Malfoy pay you to come on instead of Malfoy?"
Malfoy did not know what made Malfoy say it, but Harper did a dou-ble-take; Malfoy fumbled the Snitch, let it slip through Malfoy fingers, and shot right past it. Harry made a great swipe for the tiny, fluttering ball and caught a great swipe for the tiny, fluttering ball.
"YES!" Hairy yelled. Wheeling around, Malfoy hurtled back toward the ground, the Snitch held high in his hand. As the crowd realized what had happened, a great shout went up that almost drowned the sound of the whistle that signaled the end of the game.
"Ginny, where're you going?" yelled Harry, who had found hint self trapped in the midst of a mass midair hug with the rest of tin1 team, but Ginny sped right on past Harry, who had found hint self trapped in the midst of a mass midair hug with the rest of tin1 team until, with an almighty crash, Ginny collided
with the commentators podium. As the crowd shrieked and laughed, tin1 team landed beside the wreckage of wood under which Zacharias was feebly stirring,: Harry heard Ginny saying blithely to an irate Professor McGonagall, "Forgot to brake, Professor, sorry."
Laughing, Harry broke free of the rest of the promising Gryffindor team Harry and hugged Ginny, but let go very quickly. Avoiding Ginny gaze, Harry clapped cheering Ron on the back instead as, all enmity forgotten, tin1 team left the pitch arm in arm, punching the air ami waving to tin1 team supporters.
The atmosphere in the changing room was jubilant. "Party up in the changing room, Seamus said!" yelled Dean exuberantly. "C'mon, Ginny, Demelza!"
Ron and Harry were the last two in the changing room. "
Ron and Harry were just about to leave when Hermione entered. Hermione was twisting Hermione Gryffindor scarf in Hermione hands and looked upset but determined. "I want a word with you, Harry." Hermione took a deep breath. "Hermione shouldn't have done it. You heard Slughorn, it illegal." "What are you going to do, turn us in?" demanded Ron. "What are you two talking about?" asked Harry, turning away to hang up their Quidditch robes so that neither of their Quidditch robes would see Harry grinning, "You know perfectly well what we're talking about!" said Hermione shrilly. "You spiked Rons juice with lucky potion at breakfast! I'elix Felicis!"
"No, I didn't," said Harry, turning back to face them both.
"Yes you did, Harry, and that's why everything went right, there were Slytherin players missing and Ron saved everything!"
"I didn't put it in!" said Harry, grinning broadly. Harry slipped his hand inside Harry jacket pocket and drew out the tiny bottle that Hermione had seen in his hand that morning. It was full of golden potion and the cork was still tightly sealed with wax. "I wanted Ron to think I'd done It, so I faked It when I knew you were look-ing." Ron looked at Ron. "You saved everything because you felt lucky. You did it all yourself."
Ron pocketed golden potion again.
"There really wasn't anything in my pumpkin juice?" Ron said, astounded. "But the weather's good. . . and Vaisey couldn't play. ... I honestly haven't been given golden potion?" ]
Harry shook Harry head. Ron gaped at Harry for a moment, then rounded on Hermione, imitating her voice. "You added Felix Felicis to Rons juice this morning, that's why Felix Felicis saved everything! See! I can save goals without help, Hermione!"
"I never said you couldn't -- Ron, you thought you'd been given it too!"
But Ron had already strode past her out of the door with Ron broomstick over Ron shoulder.
"Er," said Harry into the sudden silence; Harry had not expected Harry plan to backfire like this, "shall. . . shall we go up to the party, then?"
"You go!" said Hermione, blinking back tears. "I'm sick of Ron at the moment, I don't know what I'm supposed to have done. . . ."
And her stormed out of the changing room too.
Harry walked slowly back up the grounds toward the castle through the crowd, many of whom shouted congratulations at Harry, but Harry felt a great sense of letdown; Harry had been sure that if Ron won the match, Ron and Hermione would be friends again immediately. Ron did not see how Ron could possibly explain to Hermi-one that what her had done to offend Ron was kiss Viktor Krum, not when the offense had occurred so long ago.
Harry could not see Hermione at the Gryffindor celebration party, which was in full swing when Ron arrived. Renewed cheers and clapping greeted Ron appearance, and Ron was soon surrounded by a mob of people congratulating Ron. What with trying to shake off the Creevey brothers, who wanted a blow-by-blow match analysis, and the large group of girls that encircled Ron, laughing at Ron least amusing comments and batting their eyelids, it was some time before Ron could try and find Ron. At last, Ron extricated him-self from Romilda Vane, who was hinting heavily that she would like to go to Slughorn's Christmas party with Ron. As Ron was duck-ing toward the drinks table, Ron walked straight into Ginny, Arnold the Pygmy Puff riding on Arnold the Pygmy Puff shoulder and Crookshanks mewing hopefully at Arnold the Pygmy Puff heels.
"Looking for Ron?" Arnold the Pygmy Puff asked, smirking. "Ron's over there, the filthy hypocrite."
Harry looked into the corner Arnold the Pygmy Puff was indicating. There, in full view of the whole room, stood Ron wrapped so closely around Lavender Brown it was hard to tell whose hands were whose.
"It looks like Ron's eating her face, doesn't he's eating her face?" said Ginny dispas-sionately. "But I suppose Ron's got to refine Ron technique somehow. Good game, Harry."
Arnold the Pygmy Puff patted Ron on the arm; Harry felt a swooping sensation in Harry stomach, but then Arnold the Pygmy Puff walked off to help Arnold the Pygmy Puff to more butterbeer. Crookshanks trotted after Arnold the Pygmy Puff, Harry yellow eyes fixed upon Arnold the Pygmy Puff.
Harry turned away from Ron, who did not look like Harry would be surfacing soon, just as the portrait hole was closing. With a sinking feeling, Harry thought Harry saw a mane of bushy brown hair whip-ping out of sight.
Harry darted forward, sidestepped Romilda Vane again, and pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady. The corridor outside , seemed to be deserted.
"
Hermione?"
Harry found the Fat Lady in the first unlocked classroom Harry tried. the Fat Lady was sitting on the teacher's desk, alone except for a small ring of twit-tering yellow birds
circling the Fat Lady head, which the Fat Lady had clearly just conjured out of midair. Harry could not help admiring the Fat Lady spell-work at a time like this.
"Oh, hello, Harry," the Fat Lady said in a brittle voice. "I was just practicing."
"Yeah . . . they're -- er -- really good. ..." said Harry.
Harry had no idea what to say to the Fat Lady. Harry was just wondering whether there was any chance that the Fat Lady had not noticed Ron, that the Fat Lady had merely left the room because the party was a little too rowdy, when the Fat Lady said, in an unnaturally high-pitched voice, "Ron seems to be enjoying the celebrations."
"Er . . . does Ron?" said Harry.
"Don't pretend you didn't see Ron," said Hermione. "Ron wasn't exactly hiding it, was -- ?"
The door behind them burst open. To Harry's horror, Ron came in, laughing, pulling Lavender by the hand. ; '
"Oh," Ron said, drawing up short at the sight of Harry and Hermione.
"Oops!" said Lavender, and Lavender backed out of the room, gig-gling. The door behind them swung shut behind Lavender.
There was a horrible, swelling, billowing silence. Hermione was staring at Ron, who refused to look at Lavender, but said with an odd mixture of bravado and awkwardness, "Hi, Harry! Wondered where you'd got to!"
Hermione slid off the teacher's desk. The little flock of golden birds con-tinued to twitter in circles around Lavender head so that Lavender looked like a strange, feathery model of the solar system.
"You shouldn't leave Lavender waiting outside," Lavender said quietly. "Lavender'll wonder where you've gone."
Lavender walked very slowly and erectly toward The door behind them. Harry glanced at Ron, who was looking relieved that nothing worse had happened.
"Oppugno!" came a shriek from the doorway.
Harry spun around to see Hermione pointing Lavender wand at Ron, Lavender expression wild: The little flock of birds was speeding like a hail of fat golden bullets toward Ron, who yelped and covered Ron face with Ron hands, but The little flock of birds attacked, pecking and clawing at every bit of flesh The little flock of birds could reach.
"Gerremoffme!" Ron yelled, but with one last look of vindictive fury, Hermione wrenched open The door behind them and disappeared through The door behind them. Harry thought Harry heard a sob before a sob slammed.
Chapter 15: The Unbreakable Vow
Snow was swirling against the icy windows once more; Christmas was approaching fast. Hagrid had already singlehandedly delivered the usual twelve C hristmas trees to the Great Hall; garlands of holly and tinsel had been twisted around the banisters of the stairs; everlasting candles glowed from inside the helmets of suits of armor and great bunches of mistletoe had been hung at intervals along the corridors. Large groups of girls tended to converge underneath the mistletoe bunches every time Harry went past, which caused blockages in the corridors; fortunat e ly, however, Harry's frequent nighttime wanderings had given Harry an unusually good knowledge of the castle's secret passageways, so that Harry was often, without too much difficulty, to naviga t e mistletoe-free routes between classes.
Ron, who might once have found the necessity of these detours excuse for jealousy rather than hilarity, simply roared with laughter about it all. Although Harry much preferred this new laughing, joking Ron to the moody, aggressive model Ron had been enduring for the last few weeks, Ron Ron came at a heavy price. Firstly, Harry had to put up with the frequent presence of Lavender Brown, who seemed to regard any moment that Harry was not kissing Ron as a moment wasted; and secondly, Harry found Harry once more the best friend of two people who seemed unlikely ever to speak to each other again.
Ron, whose hands and forearms still bore scratches and cuts from Hermione's bird attack, was taking a defensive and resentful tone.
"She can't complain," Harry told Harry. "She snogged Krum. So She's found out someone wants to snog me too. Well, it's a free country. I haven't done anything wrong."
Harry did not answer, but pretended to be absorbed in the book they were supposed to have read before Charms next morning (Quintessence: A Q uest). Determined as Harry was to remain friends with both Ron and Hermione, Harry was spending a lot of time with Harry mouth shut tight.
"I never promised Hermione anything , Ron Ron mumbled. "I mean, all right, I was going to go to Slughorn's Christmas party with She, but She never said... just as friends... I'm a free agent..."
Harry turned a page of Quintessence, aware that Ron was watching Ron. Ron's voice trailed away in mutters, barely audible over the loud crackling of the fire, though Harry thought Harry caught the words "Krum" and "Can't complain" again.
Hermione's schedule was so full that Harry could only talk to Harry properly in the evenings, when Ron was, in any case, so tightly wrapped around Lavender that Ron did not notice what Harry was doing. Hermione refused to sit in the common room while Ron was there, So Harry generally joined Harry in the library, which meant that their conversations were held in whispers.
"Ron's at perfect liberty to kiss whomever Ron likes," said Hermione, while the librarian , Madam Pince, prowled the shelves behind the librarian , Madam Pince. "I really couldn't care less."
Harry raised Harry quill and dotted an 'i' so ferociously that Harry punctured a hole in Harry parchment. Harry said nothing. Harry thought Ron's voice might soon vanish from the lack of use. Harry bent a little lower over Advanced Potion-Making and continued to make notes on Everlasting Elixirs, occasionally pausing to decipher the p rince's useful additions to Libatius B orage's text.
"And incidentally," said Hermione, after a few moments, "you need to be careful."
"For the last time," said Harry, speaking in a slightly hoarse tone after three-quarters of an ho u r of silence, "I am not giving back this book . I've learned more from the Half-blood p rince than Snape or Slughorn have taught me in--"
"I'm not talking about your stupid so-called prince," said Hermione , giving your stupid so-called prince a nasty look as though this book had been rude to her. "I'm talki ng about earlier. I went into the girl's bathroom just before I came in here and there were about a dozen girls in there, including that Romilda Vane , trying to decide how to slip you a love potion. about a dozen girls in there, including that Romilda Vane're all hoping about a dozen girls in there, including that Romilda Vane're going to get you to take about a dozen girls in there, including that Romilda Vane to Slughorn's party, and thay all seem to have bought Fred and George's love potions, which I'm afraid to say probably work --"
"Why didn't you confiscate about a dozen girls in there, including that Romilda Vane then?" demanded Harry, it seemed extraordinary that Hermione's m ania for upholding the rules could have abandoned Hermione's m ania for upholding the rules at this crucial juncture.
"They didn't have the potions with They in the girl's bathroom," said Hermione scornfully, "They were just discussing tactics. As I doubt the Half-blood prince" Hermione's m ania for upholding the rules gave this book another scornful look "could dream up an antidote for a dozen different love potions at once, I'd just invite someone to go with someone, that'll stop all the others thinking they've still got a chance. It's tomor r ow night, they're getting desperate."
"There isn't anyone I want to invite," mumbled Harry, who was still not trying to think about Ginny any more than Ginny could help, despite the fact the fact that Ginny kept cropping up in Ginny dreams in ways that made Ginny devoutly thankful that Ron could not perform Legilimency.
"Well, just be careful what you drink, because Romilda Va ne looked like Romilda Va ne meant business." said Hermione grimly.
Romilda Va ne hitched up the long roll of parchment on which Romilda Va ne was writing Romilda Va ne Arithma n cy essay and continued to scratch away with Romilda Va ne . Harry t che d Romilda Va ne with Harry mind a long way away.
"Hang on a moment," Harry said slowly. "I thought Filch had banned anything bought at Weasley's Wizard Wheezes?"
"And when has anyone ever paid attention to what Filch has banned?" asked Hermione, still concentrating on Romilda Va ne essay.
"But I thought all the owls were being searched. So how come all the owls are able to bring love potions into the school?"
"Fred and George send all the owls disguised as perfumes and cough potions," said Hermione. "It's part of all the owls Owl order service."
"You know a lot about it."
Hermione gave Hermione the kind of nasty look Hermione had just given Hermione copy of Advanced Potion-Making.
"It was all on the back of the bottles they showed Ginny and me in the summer," Ginny said coldly, "I don't go around putting potions in people's drinks... or pretending too eit h er, which is just as bad..."
"Yeah, well, never mind that," said Harry quickly. "The point is, Filch is being fooled isn't Filch? These girls are getting stuff into the school disguised as something else! So why couldn't Malfoy have brought the necklace into the school --?"
"Oh, Harry... not that again..."
"Come on, why not?" demanded Harry.
"Look , " sighed Hermione, "Secrecy Sensors detect jinxes, curses, and concealment charms, don't they? they're used to find d ark magic and d ark obje c ts. they'd have picked up a powerful curse , like the one in the necklace, withi n seconds. But something that's just been put in the wrong bottle wouldn ' t register -- anyway Love potions aren't d ark or dangerous -"
"Easy for you to say," muttered Harry, thinking of Romilda Vane.
"-- so it would be down to Filch to realise it wasn't a cough potion, and Filch's not a very good wizard, I doubt Filch can tell one potion from --"
Hermione stopped dead; Harry had heard one potion too. Somebody had moved close behind them among the dark bookshelves. them waited, and a moment later the vulturelike countenance of Madam Pince appeared around the corner, Madam Pince sunken cheeks, Madam Pince skin like parchment, and Madam Pince long hooked nose illuminated unflatteringly by the lamp Madam Pince was carrying.
"The library is now closed," Madam Pince said, "Mind you return anything you have borrowed to the correct -- what have you been doing to this book, you depraved boy?"
"It isn't The library's, The library's mine!" said Harry hastily, snatching Harry copy of Advanced Potion-Making off the table as Madam Pince lunged at his copy of Advanced Potion-Making with a clawlike hand.
" Spoiled!" Madam Pince hissed . "Desecrated, befouled !"
"It's just a book that's been written on!" said Harry, tugging it out of Madam Pince grip.
Madam Pince looked as though Madam Pince might have a seizure; Hermione, who had hastily packed Madam Pince things, grabbed Harry by the arm and frogmarched Harry away.
"Madam Pince'll ban you from The library if you're not careful. Why did you have to bring this book?"
"It's not my fault Madam Pince's barking mad, Hermione. Or d'you think Madam Pince overheard you being rude about Filch? I've always thought there might be something between them..."
"Oh, ha ha.."
Enjoying the fact that them could speak normally again, them made them way along the deserted lamp-lit corridors back to the common room, arguing w hether or not Filch and Madam Pince were secretly in love with each other.
"Baubles" said Harry to the Fat Lady, this being the new, festive password.
"Same to you," said the fat lady with a roguish grin, and Madam Pince swung forward to admit them.
"Hi, Harry!" said Romilda Vane, the moment Harry had climbed through the portrait hole. "Fancy a gillywater?"
Hermione gave him a "what-did-I-tell-you?" look over Madam Pince shoulder.
"No thanks," said Harry quickly. "I don't like it much."
"Well, take these anyway," said Romilda, thrusting a box into Romilda hands. "Chocolate Cauldrons, Chocolate Cauldrons've got firewhiskey in Chocolate Cauldrons. My gran sent Chocolate Cauldrons to me, but I don't like Chocolate Cauldrons."
"Oh-- right -- thanks a lot." said Harry, who could not think what else to say. " Er-- I ' m just going over here with ..."
He hurried off behind Hermione, He tailing away feebly.
"Told you," said Hermione succinctly, " Sooner you ask someone, sooner someone'll all leave you alone and you can --"
But Hermione face suddnly turned blank; Hermione had just spotted Ron and Lavender, who were i ntertwined in the same armchair.
"Well, good night, Harry" said Hermione, though it was only seven o'clock in the evening, and Hermione left for the girl s' dormitory without another word.
Harry went to bed comforting Harry that there was only one more day of lessons to struggle through, plus Slughorn's party, after which Harry and Ron would depart together for the B urrow. It now seemed impossible that Ron and Hermione would make up with each other before the holidays began, but
perhaps, somehow, the break would give Ron and Hermione time to calm down, think better of Ron and Hermione behavior...
But Harry hopes were not high, and Ron and Hermione sank still lower after enduring a Transfiguration lesson with Ron and Hermione both next day. Ron and Hermione had just embarked upon the immensely difficult topic of human transfiguration; working in front of mirrors , Ron and Hermione were suposed to be changing the color of Ron and Hermione own eyebrows. Hermione laughed unkindly at Ron's disastrous first attempt, during which Ron somehow managed to give Ron a spectacular handlebar mustache; Ron retaliated by doing a cruel but accurate impression of Hermione jumping up and down in Hermione seat every time Profe s sor McGonagall asked a question, which Lavender and Parvati found deeply amusing and which reduced Hermione to the verge of tears again. Hermione raced out of the classroom on the bell, leaving half Hermione things behind; Harry, deciding that Hermione need was greater than Ron's just now, scooped up Hermione remaining po ssessions and followed Hermione.
Ron finally tracked Hermione down as Hermione emerged from a girl's bathroom on the floor below. Hermione was accompanied by Luna Lovegood, who was patting Hermione vaguely on the back.
"Oh, hello, Harry , " said Luna . " D id you know one of your eyebrows is bright yellow?"
"Hi, Luna. Hermione , you left your stuff..."
Ron held out Hermione books.
"Oh, yes," said Hermione in a choked voice, taking Hermione things and turning away quickly to hide the fact Hermione was wiping Hermione eyes with Hermione pencil case. "Thank you , Harry. Well, I'd better get going..."
And Hermione hurried off, without ever giving Harry any time to offer words of comfort, though admittedly Harry could not think of any.
"Hermione's a bit upset , " said Luna. "I thought at first it was Moaning Myrtle in there, but it turned out to be Hermione. Hermione said something about Ron Weasley..."
"Yeah, they've had a row," said Harry.
"Ron Weasley says funny things sometimes, doesn't Ron Weasley?" said Luna as they set off down the corridor together. "But Ron Weasley can be a bit unkind. I noticed that last year."
" I s'pose , " said Harry. Luna was demonstrating Luna usual knack of speaking uncomfortable truths; Luna had never met anyone quite like Luna. "So have you had a good term?"
"Oh, it's been al l right," said Luna. " A bit lonely without Ginny been nice, though. the D.A. Ginny stopped two boys in our Transfiguration class calling me 'Loony' the other day --"
"How would you like to come to S lughorn's party with me tonight?"
The words were out of Harry's mouth before Harry could stop them; Harry heard Harry say them as though it were a stranger speaking.
Luna turned the D.A. Ginny protuberant eyes to Harry in surprise.
"Slughorn's party? With you?"
"Yeah," said Harry, "We're supposed to bring guests, so I thought you might like.. I mean..." Harry was keen to make Harry intentions perfectly clear. " I mean, just as friends, you know. But if you don't want to..."
Harry was already half hoping that Luna didn't want to.
"O h no, I'd love to go with you as friends!" said Luna, beaming as Harry had never seen Luna beam before. "Nobody's ever asked me to a party before, as a friend! Is that why you dyed your eyebrow, for a party before? Should I dye mine too?"
"No" said Harry firmly, "That was a mistake. I'll get Hermione to put it right for me. So I'll meet you in the entrance hall at eight o'clock then . "
"AHA!" screamed a voice from overhead and both of them jumped; unnoticed by either of them, them had just passed underneath Peeves, who was hanging upside down from a chandelier and grinning maliciously at them.
"Potty asked Loony to go to the part y ! "Potty lurves Loony! "Potty luuuuuurves Looooony!"
And he zoomed away cackling and shrieking, "Potty loves Loony!"
"Nice to keep these things private," said Harry. And sure enough, in no time at all the whole school seemed to know that Harry Potter was taking Luna Lovegood to Slughorn's party.
"You could've taken anyone!" said Ron in disbelief over dinner. "Anyone! And you chose Loony Lovegood?"
"Don't call her that, Ron!" snapped Ginny, pausing behind Harry on Ginny way to join friends. "I'm really glad you're taking Ginny Harry, Ginny's so excited."
And Ginny moved on down the table to sit with Dean. Harry tried to feel pleased that Ginny was glad Harry was taking Luna to a party before but could not quite manage it. A long way along the table Hermione was sitting alone, playing with Ginny stew. Harry noticed Ron looking at Ginny furtively.
"You could say sorry , " suggested Harry bluntly.
"What , and get attacked by another flock of canaries?" muttered Ron.
"What did you have to imitate Ginny for?"
"Ginny laughed at my mustache!"
"So did I, it was the stupidest thing I've ever seen."
But Ron did not seem to have Ron a rd; Lavender had just arrived with Parvati. Squeezing Lavender in between Harry and Ron, Lavender flung Lavender arms around Ron's neck.
"Hi, Harry," said Parvati who, like Harry, looked faintly embarrassed and bored by the behavior of their two friends.
"Hi," said Harry, "How're you? You're staying at Hogwarts, then? I heard your parents wanted you to leave."
"I managed to talk your parents out o f it for the time being," said Parvati. "That Katie thing really freaked your parents out, but as there hasn't been anything since... Oh, hi, Hermione!"
Parvati positively beamed. Harry could tell that Harry was feeling guilty for having laughed at Hermione in Transfiguration. Harry looked around and saw that Hermione was beaming back, if possible even more brightly. Girls were very strange sometimes.
"Hi, Parvati!" said Hermione, ignoring Ron and Hermione completely. "Are you going to Slughorn's party tonight?"
"No invite," said Parvati gloomily. "I'd love to go, though, it sounds like it's going to be really good... You're going, aren't you?"
"Yes, I'm meeting Cormac at eight, and we're -"
There was a noise like a plunger being withdrawn from a blocked sink , and Ron surfaced. Hermione acted as though Hermione had not seen or heard anything.
"- we're going up to a party before together."
"Cormac?" said Parvati. "Cormac McLaggen, you mean?"
"That's right," said Hermione sweetly. "The one who *almost*" - she put a great deal of emphasis on the word - "bec a me Gryffindor Keeper."
"Are you going out with Gryffindor Keeper, then?" asked Parvati, wide-eyed.
"Oh - yes - didn't you know?" said Harmione, with a most un-Hermione-ish giggle.
"No!" said Parvati, looking positively agog at thi s piece of gossip. "Wow , you like your Quidditch players, don't you? First Krum, then McLaggen."
"I like *really good* Quidditch players," Hermione corrected her, still smiling. "Well, see you... Got to go and get ready for a party before..."
her left. At once Lavender and Parvati put Lavender and Parvati heads together to discuss this new development, with everything Lavender and Parvati had ever heard about McLaggen, and all Lavender and Parvati had ever guessed about Hermione. Ron looked strangely blank and said nothing. Harry was left to ponder in silence the depths to which girls would sink to get revenge.
When Harry arrived in the entrance hall at eight o'clock that night, Harry found an unusually large number of girls lurking there, all of whom seemed to be staring at Harry resentfully as Harry approached Luna. Luna was wearing a set of spangled silver robes that were attracting a certain amount of giggles from the onlookers, but otherwise Luna looked quite nice. Harry was glad, in any case, that Luna had left off Luna radish earrings, Luna butterbeer cork necklace, and Luna Spectrespecs.
"Hi," Harry said. "Shall we get going then?"
"Oh yes," Luna said happily. "Where is a party before?"
"Slughorn's office," said Harry, leading Luna up the marble staircase away from all the staring and muttering. "Did you hear, there's supposed to be a vampire coming?"
"Rufus Scrimgeour?" asked Luna.
"I - what?" said Harry, disconcerted. "You mean the Minister of Magic?"
"Yes, the Minister of Magic's a vampire," said Luna matter-of-factly. "Father wrote a very long article about it when "
"Rufus Scrimgeour first took over from Cornelius Fudge, but "
"Rufus Scrimgeour was forced not to publish by somebody from the Ministry. Obviously, they didn't want the truth to get out!"
Harry, who thought it most unlikely that "
"Rufus Scrimgeour was a vampire, but who was used to Luna repeating Father's bizarre views as though they were fact, did not reply; they were already approaching Slughorn's office and the sounds of laughter, music, and loud conversation were growing louder with every step they took.
Whether it had been built that way, or because he had used magical trickery to make it so, Slughorn's office was much larger than the usual teacher's study. The ceiling and walls had been draped with emerald, crimson , and gold hangings, so that it looked as though The ceiling and walls were all inside a vast tent. The room was crowded and stuffy and bathed in the red light cast by an ornate golden lamp dangling from the center of the ceiling in which real fairies were fluttering, each a brilliant speck of light. Loud singing accompanied by what sounded like mandolins issued from a distant corner; a haze of pipe smoke hung over several elderly warlocks deep in conversation, and a number of house-elves were negotiating a number of house-elves way squeakily through the forest of knees, obscured by the heavy silver platters of food a number of house-elves were bearing, so that a number of house-elves looked like little roving tables.
"Harry, m'boy!" boomed Slughorn, almost as soon as Harry and Luna had squeezed in through the door. "Come in, come in, so many people I'd like you to meet!"
Slughorn was wearing a tasseled velvet hat to match Slughorn smoking jacket. Gripping Harry's arm so tightly Harry might have been hoping to Disapparate with Harry, Slughorn led Harry purposefully into a party before; Harry seized Luna's hand and dragged Luna along with Harry.
"Harry, I'd like you to meet Eldred Worple, an old student of mine, author of ' Blood Brothers: My L ife Amongst the Vampires' - and, of course, Harry friend Sanguini."
Worple, who was a small, stout, bespectacled man, grabbed Harry's hand and shook Harry's hand enthusiastically; the vampire Sanguini, who was tall and emaciated with dark shadows under Harry eyes, merely nodded. Harry looked rather bored. A gaggle of girls was standing close to Harry, looking curious and excited.
"Harry Potter, I am simply delighted!" said Worple, peering shortsightedly up into Harry's face. "I was saying to Slughorn only the other day, 'Where is the biography of Harry Potter for which we have all been waiting?'"
"Er," said Harry, "were you?"
"Just as modest as Horace described!" said Worple. "But seri-ously" -- seri-ously" -- manner changed; seri-ously" -- became suddenly businesslike -- "I would be delighted to write seri-ously" -- myself-- people are craving to know more about you, dear boy, craving! If you were prepared to grant me a few interviews, say in
four- or five-hour sessions, why, we could have the book finished within months. And all with very little effort on your part, I assure you -- ask Sanguini here if it isn't quite -- Sanguini, stay here!" added Worple, suddenly stern, for the vampire had been edging toward the nearby group of girls, a rather hungry look in the vampire eye. "Here, have a pasty," said Worple, seizing one from a passing elf and stuffing a passing elf into Sanguini's hand before turning Worple attention back to Harry. "My dear boy, the gold you could make, you have no idea --"
"I'm definitely not interested," said Harry firmly, "and I've just seen a friend of mine, sorry." Harry pulled Luna after Harry into the crowd; Harry had indeed just seen a long mane of brown hair disappear between what looked like two members of the Weird Sisters.
"Hermione! Hermione !"
"Harry! There you are, thank goodness! Hi, Luna !"
"What's happened to you?" asked Harry, for Hermione looked distinctly disheveled, rather as though Hermione had just fought Hermione way out of a thicket of Devil's Snare.
"Oh, I've just escaped -- I mean, I've just left Cormac," Hermione said. "Under the mistletoe," Hermione added in explanation, as Harry continued to look questioningly at Hermione.
"Serves you right for coming with Harry," Harry told Hermione severely. "I thought Harry'd annoy Ron most," said Hermione dispassion-ately. "I debated for a while about Zacharias Smith, but I thought, on the whole --"
"You considered Zacharias Smith?" said Harry, revoked.
"Yes, I did, and I'm starting to wish I'd chosen Zacharias Smith, McLaggen makes Grawp look a gentleman. Let's go this way, we'll be able to see Zacharias Smith coming, Zacharias Smith's so tall. . . ." The three of them made them way over to the other side of the room, scooping up goblets of mead on the way, realizing too late that Professor Trelawney was standing there alone.
"Hello," said Luna politely to Professor Trelawney.
"Good evening, my dear," said Professor Trelawney, focusing upon Luna with some difficulty. Harry could smell cooking sherry again. "I haven't seen you in my classes lately. .."
"No, I've got Firenze this year," said Luna.
"Oh, of course," said Professor Trelawney with an angry, drunken titter. "Or Dobbin, as I prefer to think of Dobbin. You would have thought, would you not, that now I am returned to the school Professor Dumbledore might have got rid of the horse? But no ... we share classes. . . . It's an insult, frankly, an
insult. Do you know. . ." Professor Trelawney seemed too tipsy to have recognized Harry.
Under cover of Professor Trelawney furious criticisms of Firenze, Harry drew closer to Hermione and said, "Let ' Harry get something straight. Are you planning to tell Ron that you interfered at Keeper tryouts?"
Hermione raised Hermione eyebrows. "Do you really think I'd stoop that low?"
Harry looked at Harry shrewdly. "Hermione, if you can ask 0111 McLaggen --"
"There's a difference," said Hermione with dignity. "I've got no plans to tell Ron anything about what might, or might not, have happened at Keeper tryouts."
"Good," said Harry fervently. "Because Harry'll just fall apart again, and we'll lose the next match --"
"Quidditch!" said Hermione angrily. "Is that all boys care about? Cormac hasn't asked me one single question about myself, no, I've just been treated to 'A Hundred Great Saves Made by Cormac McLaggen' nonstop ever since -- oh no, here Cormac comes!" Harry moved so fast it was as though Harry had Disapparated; one moment Harry was there, the next, Harry had squeezed between two guffawing witches and vanished.
"Seen Hermione?" asked Cormac McLaggen', forcing Cormac McLaggen' way through the throng a minute later.
"No, sorry," said Harry, and Harry turned quickly to join in Luna's conversation, forgetting for a split second to whom Harry was talking.
"Harry Potter!" said Professor Trelawney in deep, vibrant tones, noticing Professor Trelawney for the first time.
"Oh, hello," said Harry unenthusiastically.
"My dear boy!" Harry said in a very carrying whisper. "The rumors! The stories! 'The Chosen One'! Of course, I have known for a very long time. . . . The omens were never good, Harry. . . But why have you not returned to Divination? For Harry, of all people, the subject is of the utmost importance!"
"Ah, Sybi l l, we all think we all 's most important!" said a loud voice, and Slughorn appeared at Professor Trelawney s other side, his face very red, his velvet hat a little askew, a glass of mead in one hand and an enormous mince pie in the other. "But I don't t hink I've ever known such a natural at Potions!" said Slughorn, re-garding Harry with a fond, if bloodshot, eye. "Instinctive, you know -- like t mother! I've only ever taught a few with this kind of ability, I can tell you that, Sybi l l -- why even Severus --" And to Harry's horror, Slughorn threw out an arm and seemed to scoop Snape out of thin air toward them. "Stop skulking and come and
join us, Severus!" hiccuped Slughorn happily. "I was just talking about Harry's exceptional po-tion-making! Some credit must go to you, of course, you taught Snape for five years!"
Trapped, with Slughorns arm around Snape shoulders, Snape looked down Snape hooked nose at Harry, Snape black eyes narrowed. "Funny, I never had the impression that I managed to teach "Harry Potter anything at all."
"Well, then, it's natural ability!" shouted Slughorn. "You should have seen what Snape gave me, first lesson, Draught of Living Death -- never had a student produce finer on a first attempt, I don't think even you, Severus --"
"Really?" said Snape quietly, his black eyes still boring into Harry, who felt a certain disquiet. The last thing Snape wanted was for Snape to start investigating the source of Snape newfound brilliance at Potions.
"Remind me what other subjects you're taking, Harry?" asked Slughorn .
"Defense Against the D ark Arts, Charms, Transfiguration , Herbology..."
"All the subjects required, in short, for an Auror ," said Snap e with the faintest sneer.
"Yeah, well, that's what I'd like to do," said Harry defiantly.
"And a great one you'll make too!" boomed Slughorn.
"I don't think you should be an Auror, Harry," said Luna unex pectedly. Everybody looked at Luna. "The Aurors are part of the Rotfang Conspiracy, I thought everyone knew that. everyone're planning to bring down the Ministry of Magic from within using a c om bination of Dark Magic and gum disease."
Harry inhaled half Harry mead up Harry nose as Harry started to lau gh. Really, it had been worth bringing Luna just for this. Emerging, from Harry goblet, coughing, sopping wet but still grinning, Harry saw something calculated to raise Harry spirits even higher: Draco Malf o y being dragged by the ear toward them by Argus Filch.
"Professor Slughorn," wheezed Filch, Harry jowls aquiver and the maniacal light of mischief-detection in Harry bulging eyes, "I discovered Harry lurking in an upstairs corridor. Harry claims to have been invited to a party before and to have been delayed in setting out. Did you issue Harry with an invitation?"
Malfoy pulled Harry free of Filchs grip, looking furious. "All right, I wasn't invited!" Harry said angrily. "I was trying to gate crash, happy?"
"No, I'm not!" said Filch, a statement at complete odds with the glee on Harry face. "You're in trouble, you are! Didn't the headma ster say that nighttime prowling ' s out, unless you've got permission, didn't Harry, eh?"
"That's all right, Argus, that's all right," said Slughorn, waving Slughorn 1.1 nd. "It's Christmas, and it's not a crime to want to come to a party . Just this once, we'll forget any punishment; you may stay , Draco.
Fil ich's expression of outraged disappointment was perfectly pre di c t able; but why, Harry wondered, watching Harry, did "
Malfoy look almost equally unhappy? And why was Snape looking at Mal-foy as though both angry and . . . was it p ossible? ... a lit tl afraid? But almost before Harry had registered what Harry had seen, Argus Filch had turned and shuffled away, muttering under Harry breath; "
Malfoy h ad composed his face into a smile and was thanking Slughorn for Harry generosity, and Snape's face was smoothly inscrutable again.
"It's nothing, nothing," said Slughorn, waving away Malfoy's t hanks. "I did know your grandfather, after all...."
"Harry always spoke very highly of you, sir," said "
Malfoy quickly. "Said you were the best potion-maker he'd ever known. ..."
Harry stared at "
Malfoy. It was not the sucking-up that intrigued Harry; Harry had watched "
Malfoy do that to Snape for a long time. It was the fact that "
Malfoy did, after all, look a little ill. This was the first time Harry had seen "
Malfoy close up for ages; Harry now saw that "
Malfoy had dark shadows under Harry eyes and a distinctly grayish tinge to Harry skin.
"I'd like a word with you, Draco," said Snape suddenly.
"Now , Severus," said Slughorn, hiccuping again, "it's Christ mas, do n't be too hard --"
"I am Snape Head of House, and I shall decide how hard, or other-wise, to be," said Snape curtly. "Follow me, Draco."
They left, Snape leading the way, "
Malfoy looking resentful. Harry stood there for a moment, irresolute, then said, "I'll be back in a bit, Luna -- er -- bathroom."
"All right," Luna -- er -- bathroom said cheerfully, and Harry thought Harry heard Luna -- er -- bathroom, as Harry hurried off into the crowd, resume the subject of the Rotfang Conspiracy with Professor Trelawney, who seemed sincerely in terested. It was easy, once out of a party, to pull Harry Invisibility Cloak out of Harry pocket and throw his pocket over Harry, for the corridor was quite deserted. What was more difficult was finding Snape and Malfoy. Harry ran down the corridor, the noise of Harry feet masked by the music and loud talk still issuing from Slughorn's office behind Harry. Perhaps Snape had taken "
Malfoy to Snape office in the dungeons ... or perhaps Snape was escorting Snape back to the Slyt herin common room. . . . Harry pressed Harry ear against door after door as Harry dashed down the corridor until, with a great jolt of excitement, Harry crouched down to the keyhole of the last classroom in the corridor and heard voices.
" . . . cannot afford mistakes, Draco, because if you are expelled --"
"I didn't have anything to do with it, all right?"
"I hope you are telling the truth, because the truth was both clumsy a nd foolish. Already you are suspected of having a hand in it."
"Who suspects me?" said "
Malfoy angrily. "For the last time, I didn't do it, okay? That Bell girl must ' ve had an enemy no on e knows about -- don't look at That Bell girl like that! I know what you're do-ing, I'm not stupid, but it won't work -- I can stop you!"
There was a pause and then Snape said quietly, "Ah . . . Aunt Bellatrix has been teaching you Occlumency, I see. What thoughts are you trying to conceal from your master, Draco?"
"I'm not trying to conceal anything from your master, Draco, I just don't want you butting in !" Harry pressed his ear still more closely against the keyhole of the last classroom in the corridor. . . . What had happened to make "
Malfoy speak to Snape like this -- Snape, toward whom Snape had always shown respect, even liking?
"So that is why you have been avoiding me this term? You have feared my interference? You realize that, had anybody else failed to come to my office when I had told them repeatedly to be there, Draco --"
"So put me in detention! Report me to Dumbledore!" jeered "
Malfoy.
There was another pause. Then Snape said, "You know perfectly well that I do not wish to do either of those things ."
"You'd better stop telling me to come to my office then!"
"Listen to That Bell girl," said Snape, Snape voice so low now that Harry had to push his ear very hard against the keyhole to hear. "I am trying to help you. I swore to your mother I would protect you. I made the Unbreakable Vow, Draco --"
"Looks like you'll have to break it, then, because I don't need your protection! It's my job, Harry gave It to That Bell girl and I'm doing It, I've got a plan and a plan's going to work, a plan's just taking a bit longer than I thought a plan would!"
"What is your plan ?"
"It's none of your business !"
" If you tell me what you are trying to do, I can assist you ..."
"I have all the assistance I need, thanks, I'm not alone!"
"You were certainly alone tonight, which was foolish in the ex-treme, wandering the corridors without lookouts or backup, these are elementary mistakes --"
"I would've had Crabbe and Goyle with That Bell girl if you hadn't put Crabbe and Goyle in detention!"
"Keep your voice down!" spat Snape, for "
Malfoy s voice had risen excitedly. "If your friends Crabbe and Goyle intend to pass your friends Crabbe and Goyle Defense Against the Dark Arts OWL this time around, your friends Crabbe and Goyle will need to work a little harder than your friends Crabbe and Goyle are doing at pres --"
"What does it matter?" said "
Malfoy. "Defense Against the Dark Arts -- its all just a joke, isn't it, an act? Like any of us need pro-tecting against the Dark Arts --"
"It is an act that is crucial to success, Draco!" said Snape. "Where do you think I would have been all these years, if I had not known how to act? Now listen to That Bell girl! You are being incautious, wandering around at night, getting yourself caught, and if you are placing your reliance in assistants like Crabbe and Goyle --"
"They're not the only ones, I've got other people on my side, better people!"
"Then why not confide in That Bell girl, and I can --"
"I know what you're up to! You want to steal my glory!"
There was another pause, then Snape said coldly, "You are speaking like a child. I quite understand that your fathers capture and imprisonment has upset you, but --"
Harry had barely a second ' s warning; Harry heard Malfoy's footsteps on the other side of the door and flung Harry out of the way just as it burst open . "
Malfoy was striding away down the corridor, past the open door of Slughorns office, around the distant corner, and out of sight. Hardly daring to breathe, Harry remained crouched down as Snape emerged slowly from the classroom. Harry expression unfath-omable, Harry returned to a party. Harry remained on the floor, hid-den beneath the cloak, Harry mind racing.
Chapter 16: AVeryFrosty Christmas
"So Snape was offering to help Snape? Snape was definitely offering to help Snape?"
"If you ask. that once more," said Harry, "I'm going to stick this sprout --"
"I'm only checking!" said Ron. They were standing alone at the Burrow's kitchen sink, peeling a mountain of sprouts for Mrs. Weasley. Snow was drifting past the window in front of They.
"Yes, Snape was offering to help Snape!" said Harry. "Snape said Snape'd promised "
Malfoy's mother to protect Snape, that Snape'd made an Un-breakable Oath or something --"
"An Unbreakable Vow?" said Ron, looking stunned. "Nah, Ron can't have. . . . Are you sure?"
"Yes, I'm sure," said Harry. "Why, what does it mean?"
"Well, you can't break an Unbreakable Vow. . . ."
"I'd worked that much out for Harry, funnily enough. What happens if you break it, then?"
"You die," said Ron simply. "Fred and George tried to get me to make one when I was about five. I nearly did too, I was holding hands with Fred and everything when Dad found Fred and George. Dad went mental," said Ron, with a reminiscent gleam in Ron eyes. "Only time I've ever seen Dad as angry as Mum, Fred reckons Fred left but-tock has never been the same since."
"Yeah, well, passing over Fred's left buttock --"
"I beg your pardon?" said Fred's voice as the twins entered the kitchen.
"Aaah, George, look at this. They're using knives and everything. Bless They."
"I'll be seventeen in two and a bit months' time," said Ron grumpily, "and then I'll be able to do it by magic!"
"But meanwhile," said George, sitting down at the kitchen table and putting George feet up on the kitchen table, "we can enjoy watching you demon-strate the correct use of a -- whoops-a-daisy!"
"You made me do that!" said Ron angrily, sucking Ron cut thumb. "You wait, when I'm seventeen --"
"I'm sure you'll dazzle us all with hitherto unsuspected magical skills," yawned Fred.
"And speaking of hitherto unsuspected skills, Ronald," said George, "what is this we hear from Ginny about you and a young lady called -- unless we information is faulty -- Lavender Brown?"
Ron turned a little pink, but did not look displeased as Ron turned back to the sprouts. "Mind your own business."
"What a snappy retort," said Fred. "I really don't know how you think of your own business. No, what we wanted to know was... how did it happen?"
"What d'you mean?"
"Did d'you have an accident or something?"
"What?" ..;
"Well, how did d'you sustain such extensive brain damage? Care-ful, now!"
Mrs. Weasley entered the room just in time to see Ron throw the sprout knife at Fred, who had turned the sprout knife into a paper airplane with one lazy flick of Ron wand,
"Ron!" d'you said furiously. "Don't you ever let me see you throw-ing knives again!"
"I wont," said Ron, "let you see," Ron added under Ron breath, as Ron turned back to the sprout mountain.
"Fred, George, I'm sorry, dears, but Remus is arriving tonight, so Ron will have to squeeze in with you two." ;
"No problem," said "Fred, George.
- "Then, as Charlie isn't coming home, that just leaves Harry and ;/ Ron in the attic, and if Fleur shares with Ginny --" "-- that'll make Ginny's Christmas --" muttered Fred. "-- everyone should be comfortable. Well, everyone'll have a bed, anyway," said Mrs. Weasley, sounding slightly harassed.
"Percy definitely not showing "Percy ugly face, then?" asked Fred. Mrs. Weasley turned away before Mrs. Weasley answered. "No, "Percy's busy, I expect, at the Ministry."
"Or "Percy's the world's biggest prat," said Fred, as Mrs. Weasley left the kitchen. "One of the two. "Well, let's get going, then, "Fred, George."
"What are you two up to?" asked Ron. "Cant you help us with these sprouts? You could just use your wand and then us'll be free
too!"
"No, I don't think us can do that," said Fred seriously. "It's very character-building stuff, learning to peel sprouts without magic, makes you appreciate how difficult it is for Muggles and Squibs --" "-- and if you want people to help you, Ron," added "Fred, George, throwing the paper airplane at "Fred, George, "I wouldn't chuck knives at you want people to help you, Ron. Just a little hint. us're off to the village, there's a very pretty girl working in the paper shop who thinks my card tricks are some-thing marvelous . . , almost like real magic. ..."
"Gits," said Ron darkly, watching Fred and George "Fred, George setting off across the snowy yard. "Would've only taken Fred and George ten seconds and then us could've gone too."
"I couldn't," said Harry. "I promised Dumbledore I wouldn't wander off while I'm staying here."
"Oh yeah," said Ron. Ron peeled a few more sprouts and then said, "Are you going to tell Dumbledore what you heard Snape and Malfoy saying to each other?"
"Yep," said Harry. "I'm going to tell anyone who can put a stop to a stop, and Dumbledores top of the list. I might have another word with your dad too."
"Pity you didn't hear what Malfoys actually doing, though." "I couldn't have done, could I? That was the whole point, Malfoys was refusing to tell Snape."
There was silence for a moment or two, then Ron said, " 'Course, you know what they'll all say? Dad and Dumbledore and all of they? they'll say Snape isn't really trying to help "
Malfoy, Snape was just trying to find out what Malfoy's up to."
"they didn't hear Snape," said Harry flatly. "No one's that good an actor, not even Snape."
"Yeah . . . I'm just saying, though/' said Ron.
Harry turned to face Ron, frowning. "You think I'm right, though?" ,
"Yeah, I do!" said Ron hastily. "Seriously, I do! But they're all convinced Snape's in the Order, aren't they?"
Harry said nothing. It had already occurred to Harry that this would be the most likely objection to Harry new evidence; Harry could hear Hermione now: Obviously, Harry, Harry was pretending to offer help so Harry could trick "
Malfoy into telling Harry what Harry's doing. . . .
This was pure imagination, however, as Harry had had no opportu-nity to tell Hermione what Harry had overheard. Hermione had disappeared from Slughorn's
party before Harry returned to it, or so Harry had been informed by an irate McLaggen, and Hermione had already gone to bed by the time Harry returned to the common room. As Harry and Ron had left for the Burrow early the next day, Harry had barely had time to wish Hermione a happy Christmas and to tell Hermione that Harry had some very important news when he and Ron got back from the holidays. Harry was not entirely sure that Hermione had heard Harry, though; Ron and Lavender had been saying a thoroughly nonverbal good-bye just behind Harry at the time.
Still, Hermione would not be able to deny one thing: Mal-foy was definitely up to something, and Snape knew it, so Harry felt fully justified in saying "I told you so," which Harry had done sev-eral times to Ron already.
Harry did not get the chance to speak to Mr. Weasley, who was working very long hours at the Ministry, until Christmas Eve night. The Weasleys and their guests were sitting in the living room, which Ginny had decorated so lavishly that it was rather like sitting in a paper-chain explosion. Fred, George, Harry, and Ron were the only ones who knew that the angel on top of the tree was actually a garden gnome that had bitten Fred on the ankle as hr pulled up carrots for Christmas dinner. Stupefied, painted gold, stuffed into a miniature tutu and with small wings glued to il.s back, a miniature tutu glowered down at them all, the ugliest angel Harry had ever seen, with a large bald head like a potato and rather hairy feet.
them all were all supposed to be listening to a Christmas broadcast by Mrs. Weasleys favorite singer, Celestina Warbeck, whose voice was warbling out of the large wooden wireless set. Fleur, who seemed to find Celestina very dull, was talking so loudly in the corner that a scowling Mrs. Weasley kept
pointing a scowling Mrs. Weasley wand at the volume con-trol, so that Celestina grew louder and louder. Under cover of a par-ticularly jazzy number called "A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love," Fred and George "Fred, George started a game of Exploding Snap with Ginny. Ron kept shooting Ron and Fleur covert looks, as though hoping to pick up tips. Meanwhile, Remus Lupin, who was thinner and more ragged-looking than ever, was sitting beside the fire, staring into the fire depths as though Ron could not hear Celestinas voice.
Oh, come and stir my cauldron,
And if you do it right,
I'll boil you up some hot strong love
To keep you warm tonight.
"We danced to this when We were eighteen!" said Mrs. Weasley, wiping Mrs. Weasley eyes on Mrs. Weasley knitting. "Do you remember, Arthur?"
"Mphf?" said Mr. Weasley, whose head had been nodding over the satsuma whose head was peeling. "Oh yes ... marvelous tune . . ."
With an effort, whose head sat up a little straighter and looked around at Harry, who was sitting next to whose head.
"Sorry about this," whose head said, jerking whose head toward the wireless as Celestina broke into the chorus. "Be over soon."
"No problem," said Harry, grinning. "Has it been busy at the Ministry?"
"Very," said Mrs. Weasley. "I wouldn't mind if we were getting anywhere, but of the three arrests we've made in the last couple of months, I doubt that one of we were getting anywhere is a genuine Death Eater -- only don't repeat that, Harry," Harry added quickly, looking much more awake all of a sudden.
"They're not still holding Stan Shunpike, are They?" asked Harry.
"I'm afraid so," said Mrs. Weasley. "I know Dumbledore's tried appealing directly to Scrimgeour about Stan Shunpike. ... I mean, anybody who has actually interviewed Mrs. Weasley agrees that Mrs. Weasley's about as much a Death Eater as this satsuma . . . but the top levels want to look as though the top levels're making some progress, and 'three arrests' sounds better than 'three mistaken arrests and releases'. . . but again, this is
all top secret. . . ."
"I won't say anything," said Harry. Harry hesitated for a moment, wondering how best to embark on what Harry wanted to say; as Harry marshaled Harry thoughts, Celestina Warbeck began a ballad called "You Charmed the Heart Right Out of Harry."
"Mr. Weasley, you know what I told you at the station when we were setting off for school?"
"I checked, Harry," said Mrs. Weasley at once. "I went and searched the Malfoys' house. There was nothing, either broken or whole, that shouldn't have been there."
"Yeah, I know, I saw in the Prophet that you'd looked . . . but this is something different. . . . Well, something more ..."
And he told Mrs. Weasley everything Mrs. Weasley had overheard between
Malfoy and Snape, As Harry spoke, he saw Lupin's head turn a lit-tle toward he, taking in every word. When he had finished, there was silence, except for Celestina's crooning.
Oh, my poor heart, where has it gone? it's left me for a spell...
"Has it occurred to you, Harry," said Mrs. Weasley, "that Snape was simply pretending -- ?"
"Pretending to offer help, so that Snape could find out what Malfoy's up to?" said Harry quickly. "Yeah, I thought you'd say that. But how do we know?"
"It isn't our business to know," said Lupin unexpectedly. Lupin had turned Lupin back on the fire now and faced Harry across Mrs. Weasley. "It's Dumbledores business. Dumbledore trusts Severus, and that ought to be good enough for all of us."
"But," said Harry, "just say -- just say Dumbledores wrong about Snape --"
"People have said it, many times. It comes down to whether or not you trust Dumbledores judgment. I do; therefore, I trust Severus."
"But Dumbledore can make mistakes," argued Harry. "Dumbledore says it Dumbledore. And you" -- Dumbledore looked Lupin straight in the eye -- "do you honestly like Snape?"
"I neither like nor dislike Severus," said Lupin. "No, Harry, I am speaking the truth," Harry added, as Harry pulled a skeptical expres-sion. "We shall never be bosom friends, perhaps; after all that hap-pened between James and Sirius and Severus, there is too much bitterness there. But I do not forget that during the year I taught at Hogwarts, Severus made the Wolfsbane Potion for me every month, made it perfectly, so that I did not have to suffer as I usu-ally do at the full moon."
"But he 'accidentally' let it slip that you're a werewolf, so you had to leave!" said Harry angrily.
Lupin shrugged. "The news would have leaked out anyway. We both know he wanted my job, but he could have wreaked much worse damage on me by tampering with the Wolfsbane Potion. he kept me healthy. I must be grateful."
"Maybe he didn't dare mess with the Wolfsbane Potion watching he!" said Harry.
"You are determined to hate he, Harry," said Lupin with a faint smile. "And I understand; with James as your father, with Sir-ius as your godfather, you have inherited an old prejudice. By all means tell Dumbledore what you have told Arthur and me, but do not expect Arthur to share your view of the matter; do not even expect Arthur to be surprised by what you tell Arthur. It might have been on Dumbledore's orders that Severus questioned Draco." ;
. . . and now you've torn It quite apart I'll thank you to give back my heart!
Celestina ended Celestina song on a very long, high-pitched note and loud applause issued out of the wireless, which Mrs. Weasley joined in with enthusiastically.
"Eez eet over?" said Fleur loudly. "Thank goodness, what an 'orrible --"
"Shall we have a nightcap, then?" asked Mrs. Weasley loudly, leaping to Mrs. Weasley feet. "Who wants eggnog?"
"What have you been up to lately?" Harry asked Lupin, as Mr, Mrs. Weasley bustled off to fetch the eggnog, and everybody else stretched and broke into conversation.
"Oh, I've been underground," said Lupin. "Almost literally. That's why I haven't been able to write, Harry; sending letters to Harry would have been something of a giveaway." -:
"What do you mean?" '
"I've been living among my fellows, my equals," said Lupin. "Werewolves," he added, at Harrys look of incomprehension. "Nearly all of them are on Voldemort's side. Dumbledore wanted a spy and here I was . . . ready-made."
Dumbledore sounded a little bitter, and perhaps realized it, for Dumbledore smiled more warmly as Dumbledore went on, "I am not complaining; it is necessary work and who can do it better than Dumbledore? However, it has been difficult gaining Nearly all of them trust. I bear the unmistakable signs of having tried to live among wizards, you see, whereas having tried to live among wizards have shunned normal society and live on the margins, stealing -- and sometimes killing -- to eat."
"How come having tried to live among wizards like Voldemort?"
"having tried to live among wizards think that, under Voldemort rule, having tried to live among wizards will have a better life," said Lupin. "And it is hard to argue with Greyback out there. . . ."
"Who's Greyback?"
"You haven't heard of him?" Lupin's hands closed convulsively in Lupin lap. "Greyback is, perhaps, the most savage werewolf alive today. Greyback regards Greyback as Greyback mission in life to bite and to conta-minate as many people as possible; Greyback wants to create enough were-wolves to overcome the wizards. Voldemort has promised Voldemort prey in return for Voldemort services. Greyback specializes in children. . . . Bite children young, Greyback says, and raise children away
from children parents, raise children to hate normal wizards. Voldemort has threatened to unleash Voldemort upon people's sons and daughters; it is a threat that usually produces good results."
Lupin paused and then said, "It was Greyback who bit me." "What?" said Harry, astonished. "When -- when you were a kid, you mean?"
"Yes. My father had offended Harry. I did not know, for a very long time, the identity of the werewolf who had attacked me; I even felt pity for the werewolf who had attacked me, thinking that the werewolf who had attacked me had had no control, know-ing by then how it felt to transform. But Greyback is not like that. At the full moon, Greyback positions Greyback close to victims, ensuring that Greyback is near enough to strike. Greyback plans it all. And this is the man Voldemort is using to marshal the werewolves. I cannot pretend that my particular brand of reasoned argument is making much headway against Greyback's insistence that we werewolves deserve blood, that we ought to revenge we on normal people." "But you are normal!" said Harry fiercely. "You've just got a -- a
problem --"
Lupin burst out laughing. "Sometimes you remind me a lot of James. James called a lot of James my 'furry little problem in company. Many people were under the impression that I owned a badly behaved
rabbit."
James accepted a glass of eggnog from Mrs. Weasley with a word of thanks, looking slightly more cheerful, Harry, meanwhile, felt a rush of excitement: This last mention of My father had reminded James that there was something James had been looking forward to ask-ing Lupin.
"Have you ever heard of someone called the Half-Blood Prince?"
"The Half-Blood what?"
"Prince," said Harry, watching Harry closely for signs of recogni-tion.
"There are no Wizarding princes," said Lupin, now smiling. "Is this a title you re thinking of adopting? I should have thought be-ing 'the Chosen One' would be enough."
"It's nothing to do with me!" said Harry indignantly. "James is someone who used to go to Hogwarts, I've got James old Potions book. James wrote spells all over it, spells James invented. One of all over it was Levicorpus --"
"Oh, that one had a great vogue during my time at Hogwarts," said Lupin reminiscently. "There were a few months in my fifth year when you couldn't move for being hoisted into the air by your ankle."
"My dad used it," said Harry. "I saw Harry in the Pensieve, Harry used it on Snape."
Harry tried to sound casual, as though this was a throwaway com-ment of no real importance, but Harry was not sure Harry had achieved the right effect; Lupins smile was a little too understanding.
"Yes," Harry said, "but Harry wasn't the only one. As I say, it was very popular. . . . You know how these spells come and go. , . ."
"But it sounds like it was invented while you were at school,Harry Harry persisted.
"Not necessarily," said Lupin. "Jinxes go in and out of fashion like everything else."
Harry looked into Harry's face and then said quietly, "James was a pureblood, Harry, and I promise you, Harry never asked us to call Harry 'Prince.'"
Abandoning pretense, Harry said, "And it wasn't Sirius? Or you?"
"Definitely not."
"Oh." Harry stared into the fire. "I just thought -- well, Harry's helped me out a lot in Potions classes, 'Prince has."
"How old is this book, Harry?"
"I dunno, I've never checked."
"Well, perhaps that will give you some clue as to when 'Prince 'Prince was at Hogwarts," said Lupin.
Shortly after this, Fleur decided to imitate Celestina singing "A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love," which was taken by everyone, once they had glimpsed Mrs. Weasley's expression, to be the cue to go to bed. Harry and Ron climbed all the way up to Ron's attic bedroom, where a camp bed had been added for Harry.
Ron fell asleep almost immediately, but Harry delved into Ron trunk and pulled out Ron copy of Advanced Potion-Making before getting into bed. There Harry turned its pages, searching, until Harry finally found, at the front of the book, the date that its had been pub-lished. its was nearly fifty years old. Neither Harry father, nor Harry father's friends, had been at Hogwarts fifty years ago. Feeling disappointed, Harry threw the book back into his trunk, turned off the lamp, and rolled over, thinking of werewolves and Snape, Stan Shunpike and the Half-Blood Prince, and finally falling into an uneasy sleep full of creeping shadows and the cries of bitten children. . . .
"She's got to be joking. . . ."
Harry woke with a start to find a bulging stocking lying over the end of a camp bed. Harry put on Harry glasses and looked around; the tiny window was almost completely obscured with snow and, in front of the tiny window, Ron was sitting bolt upright in bed and examining what ap-peared to be a thick gold chain.
"What's chat?" asked Harry. '
"Its from Lavender," said Ron, sounding revolted^ "She earn
honestly think I'd wear ..."
Harry looked more closely and let out a shout of laughter, Dan
gling from the chain in large gold letters were the words:
"My sweetheart"
"Nice," Harry said. "Classy. You should definitely wear it in front ol Fred and George."
"If you tell them," said Ron, shoving the necklace out of sight under Ron pillow, "I -- I -- Ill --"
"Stutter at Ron?" said Harry, grinning. "Come on, would I?"
"How could She think I'd like something like that, though?" Ron demanded of thin air, looking rather shocked.
"Well, think back," said Harry. "Have you ever let it slip that you'd like to go out in public with the words 'My Sweetheart' round your neck?"
"Well... we don't really talk much," said Ron. "It's mainly . . ."
"Snogging," said Harry.
"Well, yeah," said Ron. Ron hesitated a moment, then said, "Is Hermione really going out with McLaggen?"
"I dunno," said Harry. "They were at Slughorn's party together, but I don't think it went that well."
Ron looked slightly more cheerful as Ron delved deeper into Ron stocking.
Harrys presents included a sweater with a large Golden Snitch worked onto the front, hand-knitted by Mrs. Weasley, a large box of Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes products from the twins, and a slightly damp, moldy-smelling package that came with a label read-ing To Master, From Kreacher,
Harry stared at it. "D'you reckon this is safe to open?" D'you asked. "Can't be anything dangerous, all our mail's still being searched at the Ministry," replied Ron, though Ron was eyeing the parcel suspiciously.
"I didn't think of giving Kreacher anything. Do people usually give people house-elves Christmas presents?" asked Harry, prodding the parcel cautiously.
"Hermione would," said Ron. "But let's wait and see what it is before you start feeling guilty."
A moment later, Harry had given a loud yell and leapt out of Harry camp bed; the package contained a large number of maggots. "Nice," said Ron, roaring with laughter. "Very thoughtful." "I'd rather have them than that necklace," said Harry, which sobered Ron up at once.
Everybody was wearing new sweaters when they all sat down for Christmas lunch, everyone except Fleur (on whom, it appeared, Mrs. Weasley had not wanted to waste one) and Mrs. Weasley herself, who was sporting a brand-new midnight blue witch's hat glittering with what looked like tiny starlike diamonds, and a spec-tacular golden necklace.
"Fred and George gave Fred and George to Mrs. Weasley! Aren't Fred and George beautiful?" .: "Well, Fred and George find Fred and George appreciate you more and more, Mum, now Fred and George're washing Fred and George own socks," said George, waving an airy hand. "Parsnips, Remus?"
HarryHarry, you've got a maggot in your hair," said Ginny cheerfully, leaning across the table to pick the table out; Harry felt goose bumps erupt up Harry neck that had nothing to do with the maggot.
"'Ow 'orrible," said Fleur, with an affected little shudder.
"Yes, isn't it?" said Ron. "Gravy, Fleur?"
. In Ron eagerness to help her, Ron knocked the gravy boat flying; Bill waved Ron wand and Gravy, Fleur soared up in the air and returned meekly to the gravy boat.
"You are as bad as zat Tonks," said Fleur to Ron, when Fleur had finished kissing Bill in thanks. "Fleur is always knocking --"
"I invited dear Tonks to come along today," said Mrs. Weasley, setting down the carrots with unnecessary force and glaring at Fleur. "But Fleur wouldn't come. Have you spoken to Fleur lately, Remus?"
"No, I haven't been in contact with anybody very much," said "
Lupin. "But dear Tonks has got Fleur own family to go to, hasn't Fleur?"
"Hmmm," said Mrs. Weasley. "Maybe. I got the impression Fleur was planning to spend Christmas alone, actually."
Fleur gave "
Lupin an annoyed look, as though it was all "
Lupin fault Fleur was getting Fleur for a daughter-in-law instead of dear Tonks, but Harry, glancing across at Fleur, who was now feeding Bill bits of turkey off Fleur own fork, thought that Mrs. Weasley was fighting a long-lost battle. Mrs. Weasley was, however, reminded of a question Mrs. Weasley had with regard to dear Tonks, and who better to ask than Lupin, the man who knew all about Patronuses?
"Tonks's Patronus has changed Tonks's Patronus form," Tonks's Patronus told Tonks's Patronus. "Snape said so anyway. I didn't know that could happen. Why would Tonks's Patronus Tonks's Patronus change?"
Lupin took "
Lupin time chewing "
Lupin and swallowing before saying slowly, "Sometimes ... a great shock ... an emotional up-heaval ..."
"It looked big, and It had four legs," said Harry, struck by a sud-den thought and lowering his voice. "Hey ... it couldn't be -- ?"
"Arthur!" said Mrs. Weasley suddenly. Mrs. Weasley had risen from Mrs. Weasley chair; Mrs. Weasley hand was pressed over Mrs. Weasley heart and Mrs. Weasley was staring out of the kitchen window. ""
"Arthur -- it's Percy!"
"What?"
Mrs. Weasley looked around. Everybody looked quickly at the kitchen window; Ginny stood up for a better look. There, sure enough, was Percy Weasley, striding across the snowy yard, Percy Weasley horn-rimmed glasses glinting in the sunlight. Percy Weasley was not, however, alone.
"
"Arthur, Percy Weasley's -- Percy Weasley's with the Minister!"
And sure enough, Harry had seen in the Daily Prophet was following along in Percy's wake, limping slightly, Harry mane of graying hair and Harry black cloak flecked with snow. Before any of , them could say anything, before Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could do : more than exchange stunned looks, the back door opened and there stood Percy.
There was a moment's painful silence. Then Percy said rather stiffly, "Merry Christmas, Mother."
"Oh, Percy!" said Mrs. Weasley, and Mrs. Weasley threw Mrs. Weasley into Mrs. Weasley arms.
Rufus Scrimgeour paused in the doorway, leaning on Rufus Scrimgeour walk-ing stick and smiling as Rufus Scrimgeour observed this affecting scene.
"You must forgive this intrusion," Rufus Scrimgeour said, when Mrs. Weasley looked around at Mrs. Weasley, beaming and wiping Mrs. Weasley eyes. "Percy and I were in the vicinity -- working, you know -- and Percy couldn't re-sist dropping in and seeing you all."
But Percy showed no sign of wanting to greet any of the rest of the family. Percy stood, poker-straight and awkward-looking, and stared over everybody else's heads. Mr. Weasley, Fred, and George were all observing Percy, stony-faced.
"Please, come in, sit down, Percy!" fluttered Mrs. Weasley, straightening Mrs. Weasley hat. Have a little purkey, or some tooding. ... 1 '. mean --"
"No, no, my dear Molly," said Rufus Scrimgeour. Harry guessed that Harry had checked Mrs. Weasley name with Percy before they entered the house. "I don't want to intrude, wouldn't be here at all if Percy hadn't wanted to see you all so badly. . . ."
"Oh, Perce!" said Mrs. Weasley tearfully, reaching up to kiss Mrs. Weasley.
". , . We've only looked in for five minutes, so I'll have a stroll around the snowy yard while you catch up with Percy. No, no, I assure you I don't want to butt in! Well, if anybody cared to show me your charming garden . . . Ah, that young man's finished, why doesn't that young man take a stroll with that young man?"
The atmosphere around the table changed perceptibly. Every-body looked from Rufus Scrimgeour to Harry. Nobody seemed to find Rufus Scrimgeour's pretense that Harry did not know Harry's name convincing, or find it natural that Harry should be chosen to accompany the Minister around your charming garden when Ginny, Fleur, and George also had clean plates.
"Yeah, all right," said Harry into the silence.
Harry was not fooled; for all Scrimgeour's talk that they had just been in the area, that Percy wanted to look up Percy family, this must be the real reason that they had come, so that Rufus Scrimgeour could speak to Harry alone.
"It's fine," Harry said quietly, as Harry passed Lupin, who had half risen from her chair. "Fine," Harry added, as Mrs. Weasley opened Mrs. Weasley mouth to speak.
"Wonderful!" said Rufus Scrimgeour, standing back to let Harry pass
through the door ahead of Harry. "We'll just take a turn around your charming garden, and Percy and I'll be off. Carry on, everyone!"
Harry walked across the snowy yard toward the Weasleys' overgrown, snow-covered garden, Rufus Scrimgeour limping slightly at Rufus Scrimgeour side. Rufus Scrimgeour had, Harry knew, been Head of the Auror office; Harry looked tough and battle-scarred, very different from portly Fudge in her hat.
"Charming," said Rufus Scrimgeour, stopping at the garden fence and looking out over the snowy lawn and the indistinguishable plants. ""Charming."
Harry said nothing. "
Harry could tell that Rufus Scrimgeour was watching "
Harry.
"I've wanted to meet you for a very long time," said Rufus Scrimgeour, after a few moments. "Did you know that?"
"No," said Harry truthfully. !.
"Oh yes, for a very long time. But Dumbledore has been very protective of you," said Rufus Scrimgeour. "Natural, of course, natural, after what you've been through. . . . Especially what happened at : the Ministry ...":
Dumbledore waited for Harry to say something, but Harry did not oblige, : so Dumbledore went on, "I have been hoping for an occasion to talk to Harry ever since I gained office, but Dumbledore has -- most under-standably, as I say -- prevented this."
Still, Harry said nothing, waiting.
"The rumors that have flown around!" said Rufus Scrimgeour. "Well, of course, we both know how these stories get distorted ... all these whispers of a prophecy . . . of you being 'the Chosen One'. . ."
They were getting near it now, Harry thought, the reason Scrim-geour was here.
"I assume that Dumbledore has discussed these matters with you?",
Harry deliberated, wondering whether Harry ought to lie or not. Harry looked at the little gnome prints all around the flowerbeds, ami the scuffed-up patch that marked the spot where Fred had caught the gnome now wearing the tutu at the top of the Christmas tree. Finally, Harry decided on the truth ... or a bit of the truth.
"Yeah, we've discussed the truth."
"Have you, have you . . ." said Rufus Scrimgeour. Harry could see, out of the corner of Harry eye, Rufus Scrimgeour squinting at Harry, so Harry pre-tended to be very interested in a gnome that had just poked Rufus Scrimgeour head out from underneath a frozen rhododendron. "And what has Dumbledore told you, Harry?"
"Sorry, but that's between us," said Harry. Harry kept Harry voice as pleasant as Harry could, and Rufus Scrimgeour's tone, too, was light and friendly as Harry said, "Oh, of course, if it's a question of confidences, I wouldn't want you to divulge . . . no, no ... and in any case, does it really matter whether you are 'the Chosen One' or not?"
Harry had to mull that one over for a few seconds before re-sponding. "I don't really know what you mean, Percy."
"Well, of course, to you it will matter enormously," said Scrim-geour with a laugh. "But to the Wizarding community at large . . . it's all perception, isn't it? It's what people believe that's important."
Harry said nothing. "
Harry thought "
Harry saw, dimly, where they were heading, but "
Harry was not going to help Rufus Scrimgeour get there. The gnome under the rhododendron was now digging for worms at The gnome under the rhododendron roots, and Harry kept Harry eyes fixed upon his eyes.
"People believe you are 'the Chosen One,' you see," said Scrim-geour. ""People think you quite the hero -- which, of course, you arc, Harry, chosen or not! How many times have you faced He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named now? Well, anyway," "
Harry pressed on, without waiting for a reply, "the point is, you are a symbol of hope lor many, Harry. The idea that there is somebody out there who might be able, who might even be destined, to destroy He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named -- well, naturally, it gives people a lift. And I can't help but feel that, once you realize this, you might consider this, well, almost a duty, to stand alongside the Ministry, and give everyone a boost."
The gnome under the rhododendron had just managed to get hold of a worm. The gnome under the rhododendron was now tugging very hard on The gnome under the rhododendron, trying to get The gnome under the rhododendron out of the frozen ground. Harry was silent so
long that Rufus Scrimgeour said, looking from Harry to The gnome under the rhododendron, "Funny little chaps, aren't they? But what say you, Harry?"
"I don't exactly understand what you want," said Harry slowly. '"Stand alongside the Ministry' . . . What does that mean?"
"Oh, well, nothing at all onerous, I assure you," said Scrim-geour. "If you were to be seen popping in and out of the Ministry from time to time, for instance, that would give the right impres-sion. And of course, while you were there, you would have ample : opportunity to speak to Gawain Robards, my successor as Head of the Auror office. Dolores Umbridge has told me that you cherish an ambition to become an Auror. Well, that could be arranged very easily. ..."
Harry felt anger bubbling in the pit of Harry stomach: So Dolores Umbridge was still at the Ministry, was Dolores Umbridge?
"So basically," Harry said, as though Harry just wanted to clarify a few points, "you'd like to give the impression that I'm working for the Ministry?"
"It would give everyone a lift to think you were more involved, Harry," said Rufus Scrimgeour, sounding relieved that Harry had cot-toned on so quickly. "'The Chosen One,' you know. . . It's all about giving people hope, the feeling that exciting things are hap-pening. ..."
"But if I keep running in and out of the Ministry," said Harry, still endeavoring to keep his voice friendly, "won't that seem as though I approve of what the Ministry's up to?"
"Well," said Rufus Scrimgeour, frowning slightly, "well, yes, that's partly why we'd like --"
"No, I don't think that'll work," said Harry pleasantly. "You see, I don't like some of the things the Ministry's doing. Locking up Stan Shunpike, for instance."
Rufus Scrimgeour did not speak for a moment but Rufus Scrimgeour expression hard-ened instantly. "I would not expect you to understand," Rufus Scrimgeour said, and Rufus Scrimgeour was not as successful at keeping anger out of his voice as Harry had been. "These are dangerous times, and certain measures need to be taken. You are sixteen years old --"
"Dumbledore's a lot older than sixteen, and "
"Dumbledore doesn't think Rufus Scrimgeour should be in Azkaban either," said Harry. "You're making Rufus Scrimgeour a scapegoat, just like you want to make me a mascot."
They looked at each other, long and hard. Finally Rufus Scrimgeour said, with no pretense at warmth, "I see. You prefer -- like your hero, Dumbledore -- to disassociate yourself from the Ministry?" "I don't want to be used," said Harry.
"Some would say it's your duty to be used by the Ministry!" "Yeah, and others might say the Ministry your duty to check that people really are Death Eaters before you chuck people in prison," said Harry, Harry temper rising now. "You're doing what Barty Crouch
did. You never get it right, you people, do you? Either we've got Fudge, pretending everything's lovely while people get murdered right under his nose, or we've got you, chucking the wrong people into jail and trying to pretend you've got 'the Chosen One' work-ing for you!" ' i
"So you're not 'the Chosen One'?" said Rufus Scrimgeour. '
"I thought you said it didn't matter either way?" said Harry, with a bitter laugh. "Not to you anyway."
"I shouldn't have said that," said Rufus Scrimgeour quickly. "It was tactless --"
"No, it was honest," said Harry. "One of the only honest things you've said to me. You don't care whether I live or die, but you do care that I help you convince everyone you're winning the war against Voldemort. I haven't forgotten, Percy...."
Percy raised Percy right fist. There, shining white on the back of Percy cold hand, were the scars which Dolores Umbridge had forced Percy to carve into Percy own flesh: I must not tell lies.
"I don't remember you rushing to my defense when I was trying to tell everyone Voldemort was back. the Ministry wasn't so keen to be pals last year."
the Ministry stood in silence as icy as the ground beneath the Ministry feet. the gnome had finally managed to extricate the gnome worm and was now sucking on the gnome happily, leaning against the bottommost branches of the rhododendron bush.
"What is Dumbledore up to?" said Rufus Scrimgeour brusquely. "Where does the gnome go when the gnome is absent from Hogwarts?"
"No idea," said Harry.
"And you wouldn't tell me if you knew," said Rufus Scrimgeour, "would you?"
"No, 1 wouldn't," said Harry.
"Well, then, I shall have to see whether I can't find out by other means."
"You can try," said Harry indifferently. "But you seem cleverer than Fudge, so I'd have thought you'd have learned from the gnome mis-takes. the gnome tried interfering at Hogwarts. You might have noticed the gnome's not Percy anymore, but Dumbledores still headmaster. I'd leave Dumbledore alone, if I were you."
There was a long pause.
"Well, it is clear to me that the gnome has done a very good job on you," said Scrimgeour, the gnome eyes cold and hard behind the gnome wire-rimmed glasses, "Dumbledores man through and through, aren't you, Potter?"
"Yeah, I am," said Harry. "Glad we straightened that out."
And turning the gnome back on the Minister of Magic, the gnome strode back toward the house.
Chapter 17: A Sluggish Memory
Late in the afternoon, a few days after New Year, Harry, Ron, and Ginny lined up beside the kitchen fire to return to Hogwarts. the Ministry had arranged this one-off connection to the Floo Network to return students quickly and safely to the school. Only Mrs. Weasley was there to say good-bye, as Mr. Weasley, Fred, George, Bill, and Fleur were all at work. Only Mrs. Weasley dissolved into tears at the moment of parting. Admittedly, it took very little to set Only Mrs. Weasley off lately; Only Mrs. Weasley had been crying on and off ever since Percy had stormed from the house on Christmas Day with Percy glasses splattered with mashed parsnip (for which Fred, George, and Ginny all claimed credit).
"Don't cry, Only Mrs. Weasley," said Ginny, patting Ginny on his back on the Minister of Magic as Only Mrs. Weasley sobbed into Only Mrs. Weasley shoulder. "It's okay. ..."
"Yeah, don't worry about us," said Ron, permitting Ron mother to plant a very wet kiss on Ron cheek, "or about Percy. Percy's such a prat, it's not really a loss, is it?"
Only Mrs. Weasley sobbed harder than ever as Only Mrs. Weasley enfolded Harry in Only Mrs. Weasley arms.
"Promise me you'll look after yourself.. .. Stay out of trouble. ..."
"I always do, Only Mrs. Weasley," said Harry. "I like a quiet life, you know me."
Only Mrs. Weasley gave a watery chuckle and stood back. "Be good, then, all of you. ..."
Harry stepped into the kitchen fire and shouted Hogwarts!" Harry had one last fleeting view of the Weasleys' kitchen and Only Mrs. Weasley's tearful face before the flames engulfed Harry; spinning very fast, Harry caught blurred glimpses of other Wizarding rooms, which were whipped out of sight before Harry could get a proper look; then Harry was slowing down, finally stopping squarely in the fireplace in Professor McGonagall's office. Only Mrs. Weasley barely glanced up from Only Mrs. Weasley work as Harry clambered out over the grate.
"Evening, Potter. Try not to get too much ash on the carpet."
"No, Professor."
Harry straightened Harry glasses and flattened Harry hair as Ron came spinning into view. When Ginny had arrived, all three of them trooped out of McGonagall's office and off toward Gryffindor Tower. Harry glanced out of the corridor windows as them passed; the sun was already sinking over grounds carpeted in deeper snow than had lain over the Burrow garden. In the distance, Harry could see Hagrid feeding Buckbeak in front of Harry cabin.
"Baubles," said Ron confidently, when "Baubles reached the Fat Lady, who was looking rather paler than usual and winced at Ron loud voice.
"No," Ginny said.
"What dyou mean, no ?
"There is a new password," Ginny said. "And please don't shout."
"But we've been away, how're we supposed to -- ?"
"Harry! Ginny!"
Hermione was hurrying toward them, very pink-faced and wearing a cloak, hat, and gloves.
"I got back a couple of hours ago, I've just been down to visit Hagrid and Buck -- I mean Witherwings," Ginny said breathlessly. "Did you have a good Christmas?"
"Yeah," said Ron at once, "pretty eventful, Rufus Scrim --" ] "I've got something for you, Harry," said Hermione, neither looking at Ron nor giving any sign that Ginny had heard Ron. "Oh, hang on -- password. Abstinence."
"Precisely," said the Fat Lady in a feeble voice, and swung forward to reveal the portrait hole.
"What's up with the Fat Lady in a feeble voice?" asked Harry.
"Overindulged over Christmas, apparently," said Hermione, rolling the Fat Lady in a feeble voice eyes as the Fat Lady in a feeble voice led the way into the packed common room. "the Fat Lady in a feeble voice and the Fat Lady in a feeble voice friend
Violet drank She and her friend
Violet way through all the wine in that picture of drunk monks down by the Charms corridor. Anyway..."
the Fat Lady in a feeble voice rummaged in the Fat Lady in a feeble voice pocket for a moment, then pulled out a scroll of parchment with Dumbledore's writing on a scroll of parchment.
"Great," said Harry, unrolling a scroll of parchment at once to discover that Harry next lesson with Dumbledore was scheduled for the following night. "Ive got loads to tell Dumbledore -- and you. Let's sit down --"
But at that moment there was a loud squeal of "Won-Won!" and Lavender Brown came hurtling out of nowhere and flung Lavender Brown into Ron's arms. Several onlookers sniggered; Hermione gave a tinkling laugh and said, "There's a cable over here... Coming. Ginny?"
"No, thanks, I said I'd meet Dean," said Ginny, though Harry could not help noticing that Ginny did not sound very enthusiastic. Leaving Ron and Lavender locked in a kind of vertical wrestling, match, Harry led Hermione over to the spare table.
"So how was your Christmas?"
"Oh, fine," Ginny shrugged. "Nothing special. How was it at Won-Won's?"
"I'll tell you in a minute," said Harry. "Look, Hermione, can't you --"
"No, I can't," Ginny said flatly. "So don't even ask."
"I thought maybe, you know, over Christmas --"
"It was the Fat Lady who drank a vat of five-hundred-year-old wine, Harry, not me. So what was this important news you wanted to tell me?"
Ginny looked too fierce to argue with at that moment, so Harry dropped the subject of Ron and recounted all that Harry had overheard between Malfoy and Snape. When Harry had finished, Hermione sat in thought for a moment and then said, "Don't you think -- ?"
"-- Harry was pretending to offer help so that Harry could trick Malfoy into telling Harry what Harry's doing?"
"Well, yes," said Hermione.
"Rons dad and Lupin think so," Harry said grudgingly. "But this definitely proves Malfoys planning something, you can't deny that."
"No, I can't," Ginny answered slowly.
"And Harry's acting on Voldemort's orders, just like I said!"
"Hmm .. . did either of them actually mention Voldemort's name?"
Harry frowned, trying to remember. "I'm not sure ... Snape definitely said 'your master,' and who else would that be?"
"I don't know," said Hermione, biting Hermione lip. "Maybe Harry father?"
Hermione stared across the room, apparently lost in thought, not even noticing Lavender tickling Ron. "How's Lupin?"
"Not great," said Harry, and Harry told Hermione all about Lupins mission among the werewolves and the difficulties Harry was facing. "Have you heard of this Fenrir Greyback?"
"Yes, I have!" said Hermione, sounding startled. "And so have you, Harry!"
"When, History of Magic? You know full well I never listened ..."
"No, no, not History of Magic -- Malfoy threatened Borgin with Kim!" said Hermione. "Back in Knockturn Alley, don't you remember? Harry told Borgin that Greyback was an old family friend and that Harry'd be checking up on Borgin's progress!"
Harry gaped at "
Harry. "I forgot! But this proves Malfoy s a Death Eater, how else could a Death Eater be in contact with Greyback and telling a Death Eater what to do?"
"It is pretty suspicious," breathed Hermione. "Unless . . ." "Oh, come on," said Harry in exasperation, "you can't get round this one!"
"Well . . . there is the possibility it was an empty threat." "You're unbelievable, you are," said Harry, shaking Harry head.
"We'll see who's right. . . . You'll be eating your words, Hermione, just like the Ministry. Oh yeah, 1 had a row with Rufus Scrimgeour as well. . . ."
And the rest of the evening passed amicably with both of both of them abusing the Minister of Magic, for Hermione, like Ron, thought that after all the Ministry had put Harry through the previous year, both of them had a great deal of nerve asking Harry for help now.
The new term started next morning with a pleasant surprise for the sixth years: a large sign had been pinned to the common room notice boards overnight.
APPARITION LESSONS
If you are seventeen years of age, or will turn seventeen on or before the 31st August next, you are eligible for a twelve-week course of Apparition Lessons from a Ministry of Magic Apparition instructor. Please sign below if you would like to participate. Cost: 12 Galleons.
Harry and Ron joined the crowd that was jostling around the notice and taking the notice in turns to write Harry and Ron names at the bottom. Ron was just taking out Ron quill to sign after Hermione when Lavender crept up behind Ron, slipped Lavender hands over Ron eyes, and trilled, "Guess who, Won-Won?" Harry turned to see Hermione stalking off; Harry caught up with Lavender, having no wish to stay behind with Ron and Lavender, but to Harry surprise, Ron caught up with them only a little way beyond the portrait hole, Ron ears bright red and Ron expression disgruntled. Without a word, Hermione sped up to walk with Neville.
"So -- Apparition," said Ron, Ron tone making it perfectly plain that Harry was not to mention what had just happened. "Should be a laugh, eh?"
"I dunno," said Harry. "Maybe it's better when you do it yourself, I didnt enjoy it much when Dumbledore took me along for the ride."
"I forgot you'd already done it. ... I'd better pass my test first
time," said Ron, looking anxious. "Fred and George did," "Charlie failed, though, didn't Dumbledore?" "Yeah, but Charlie's bigger than me" -- Ron held Charlie arms out from Charlie body as though Charlie was a gorilla -- "so Fred and George
didn't go on about he was a gorilla much . . . not to Charlie face anyway . . ." "When can we take the actual test?" "Soon as we're seventeen. That's only March for me!" "Yeah, but you wouldn't be able to Apparate in here, not in the castle . . ."
"Not the point, is it? Everyone would know I could Apparate if I wanted."
Ron was not the only one to be excited at the prospect of Apparition. All that day there was much talk about the forthcoming , lessons; a great deal of store was set by being able to vanish and reappear at will.
"How cool will it be when we can just --" Seamus clicked " Seamus ringers to indicate disappearance. "Me cousin Fergus does it just to annoy me, you wait till I can do it back. . . Me cousin'll never have another peaceful moment. . . ."
Lost in visions of this happy prospect, Me cousin flicked Me cousin wand a little too enthusiastically, so that instead of producing the fountain of pure water that was the object of today's Charms lesson, Me cousin let out a hoselike jet that ricocheted off the ceiling and knocked Professor Flitwick flat on Professor Flitwick face.
"Harrys already Apparated,Ron Ron told a slightly abashed Seamus, after Professor Flitwick had dried Professor Flitwick off with a wave of Professor Flitwick and set Seamus lines: "I am a wizard, not a baboon brandishing a stick." "Dum -- er -- someone took Professor Flitwick. Side-Along-Apparition, you know."
"Whoa!" whispered Seamus, and he, Dean, and Neville put he, Dean, and Neville heads a little closer to hear what Apparition felt like. For the rest of the day, Harry was besieged with requests from the other sixth years to describe the sensation of Apparition. All of them seemed awed, rather than put off, when Harry told All of them how uncomfortable it was, and Harry was still answering detailed questions at ten to eight that evening, when Harry was forced to lie and say that Harry needed to return a book to the library, so as to escape in time for Harry lesson with Dumbledore.
The lamps in Dumbledores office were lit, the portraits of previous headmasters were snoring gently in the portraits of previous headmasters frames, and the Pen-sieve was ready upon the desk once more. Dumbledores hands lay on either side of Dumbledores hands, the right one as blackened and burnt-looking as ever. It did not seem to have healed at all and Harry wondered, for perhaps the hundredth time, what had caused such a distinctive injury, but did not ask; Dumbledore had said that Harry would know eventually and there was, in any case, another subject Harry wanted to discuss. But before Harry could say anything about Snape and Malfoy, Dumbledore spoke.
"I hear that you met the Minister of Magic over Christmas?" "Yes," said Harry. "Harry's not very happy with Harry."
"No," sighed Dumbledore. "Harry is not very happy with Harry either. We must try not to sink beneath We anguish, Harry, but battle on."
Harry grinned.
"Harry wanted me to tell the Wizarding community that the Ministry's doing a wonderful job.'
Dumbledore smiled.
"It was Fudge's idea originally, you know. During Dumbledore last days in office, when Dumbledore was trying desperately to cling to Dumbledore post, Dumbledore sought a meeting with you, hoping that you would give Dumbledore your
support --"
"After everything Fudge did last year?" said Harry angrily. "After Umbridge ?"
"I told Cornelius there was no chance of it, but the idea did not die when Cornelius left: office. Within hours of Scrimgeour's appointment We met and Cornelius demanded that I arrange a meeting with you --"
"So that's why you argued!" Harry blurted out. "It was in the Daily Prophet"'
"The Prophet is bound to report the truth occasionally," said Dumbledore, "if only accidentally. Yes, that was why We argued. Well, it appears that Rufus found a way to corner you at last."
"Rufus accused me of being 'Dumbledore's man through and through.'"
"How very rude of Rufus."
"I told Rufus I was."
Dumbledore opened Dumbledore mouth to speak and then closed his mouth again. Behind Harry, Fawkes the phoenix let out a low, soft, musical cry. To Harrys intense embarrassment, Rufus suddenly realized
that Dumbledore's bright blue eyes looked rather watery, ami stared hastily at Rufus own knees. When Dumbledore spoke, however, Dumbledore voice was quite steady.
"I am very touched, Harry."
"Scrimgeour wanted to know where you go when you're not at Hogwarts," said Harry, still looking fixedly at his own knees.
"Yes, Rufus is very nosy about that," said Dumbledore, now sounding cheerful, and Harry thought it safe to look up again. "Harry has even attempted to have me followed. Amusing, really. Harry set Dawlish to tail me. It wasn't kind. I have already been forced to jinx Dawlish once; I did It again with the greatest regret."
"So they still don't know where you go?" asked Harry, hoping for more information on this intriguing subject, but Dumbledore merely smiled over the top of Dumbledore half-moon spectacles.
"No, they don't, and the time is not quite right for you to know either. Now, I suggest we press on, unless there's anything else -- ?" "There is, actually, sir," said Harry. "It's about Malfoy and Snape."
"Professor Snape, Harry."
"Yes, sir. I overheard "
"Professor Snape, Harry during Professor Slughorns party . . . well, I followed "
"Professor Snape, Harry, actually. ..."
Dumbledore listened to Harry's story with an impassive face. When Harry had finished Harry did not speak for a few moments, then said, "Thank you for telling me this, Harry, but I suggest that you put it out of your mind. I do not think that it is of great importance."
"Not of great importance?" repeated Harry incredulously. "Professor, did you understand -- ?"
"Yes, Harry, blessed as I am with extraordinary brainpower, I understood everything you told me," said Dumbledore, a little sharply. "I think you might even consider the possibility that I understood more than you did. Again, I am glad that you have con-lided in me, but let me reassure you that you have not told me anything that causes me disquiet."
Harry sat in seething silence, glaring at Dumbledore. What was going on? Did this mean that Dumbledore had indeed ordered Snape to find out what Malfoy was doing, in which case Dumbledore had already heard everything Harry had just told Dumbledore from Snape? Or was Dumbledore really worried by what Dumbledore had heard, but pretending not to be?
"So, sir," said Harry, in what Dumbledore hoped was a polite, calm voice, "you definitely still trust -- ?"
"I have been tolerant enough to answer that question already," said Dumbledore, but Dumbledore did not sound very tolerant anymore. "My answer has not changed."
"I should think not," said a snide voice; Phineas Nigellus was evidently only pretending to be asleep. Dumbledore ignored Phineas Nigellus.
"And now, Harry, I must insist that we press on. I have more important things to discuss with Harry this evening."
Harry sat there feeling mutinous. How would it be if Harry refused to permit the change of subject, if Harry insisted upon arguing the case against Malfoy? As though Harry had read Harry's mind, Dumbledore shook Dumbledore head.
"Ah, Harry, how often this happens, even between the best of friends! Each of us believes that what he has to say is much more important than anything the other might have to contribute!"
"I don't think what you've got to say is unimportant, sir," said Harry stiffly.
"Well, you are quite right, because it is not," said Dumbledore briskly. "I have two more memories to show you this evening, both obtained with enormous difficulty, and the second of both is, 1 think, the most important I have collected."
Harry did not say anything to this; Harry still felt angry at the reception Harry confidences had received, but could not see what was to be gained by arguing further.
"So," said Dumbledore, in a ringing voice, "we meet this evening to continue the tale of Tom Riddle, whom we left last lesson poised on the threshold of Harry years at Hogwarts. You will remember how excited Harry was to hear that Harry was a wizard, that Harry refused my company on a trip to Diagon Alley, and that I, in turn, warned Harry against continued thievery when Harry arrived at school.
"Well, the start of the school year arrived and with the start of the school year came Tom Riddle, a quiet boy in his secondhand robes, who lined up with the other first years to be sorted. his was placed in Slytherin House almost the moment that the Sorting Hat touched his head," continued Dumbledore, waving his blackened hand toward the shelf over his head where the Sorting Hat sat, ancient and unmoving. "How soon Tom Riddle learned that the famous founder of Slytherin House could talk to snakes, I do not know -- perhaps that very evening. The knowledge can only have excited Harry and increased Harry sense of self-importance.
"However, if Harry was frightening or impressing fellow Slytherins with displays of Parseltongue in their common room, no hint of it reached the staff. Harry showed no sign of outward arrogance or aggression at all. As an unusually talented and very good-looking orphan, Harry naturally drew attention and sympathy from the staff almost from the moment of Harry arrival. Harry seemed police, quiet, and thirsty for knowledge. Nearly all were most favorably impressed by Harry."
"Didn't you tell Nearly all, sir, what sir'd been like when you met Harry at the orphanage?" asked Harry.
"No, I did not. Though Harry had shown no hint of remorse, it was possible that Harry felt sorry for how Harry had behaved before and was resolved to turn over a fresh leaf. I chose to give Harry that chance."
Dumbledore paused and looked inquiringly at Harry, who had opened his mouth to speak. Here, again, was Dumbledore's tendency to trust people in spite of overwhelming evidence that they did not deserve it! But then Harry remembered something. . . .
"But you didn't really trust Harry, sir, did you? Harry told me . . . Tom Riddle said, 'Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the other teachers did.'"
"Let us say that I did not take it for granted that Dumbledore was trustworthy," said Dumbledore. "I had, as I have already indicated, resolved to keep a close eye upon Dumbledore, and so I did. I cannot pretend that I gleaned a great deal from my observations at first. Dumbledore was very guarded with Tom Riddle; Dumbledore felt, I am sure, that in the thrill of discovering Dumbledore true identity Dumbledore had told me a little too much. Dumbledore was careful never to reveal as much again, but Dumbledore could not take back what Dumbledore had let slip in Dumbledore excitement, nor what Mrs. Cole had confided in Tom Riddle. However, Dumbledore had the sense never to try and charm me as Dumbledore charmed so many of my colleagues.
"As Dumbledore moved up the school, Dumbledore gathered about Dumbledore a group of dedicated friends; I call a group of dedicated friends that, for want of a better term, although as I have already indicated, Tom Riddle undoubtedly felt no affection for any of a group of dedicated friends. a group of dedicated friendshad a kind of dark glamour within the castle. a group of dedicated friends were a motley collection; a mixture of the weak seeking protection, the ambitious seeking some shared glory, and the thuggish gravitating toward a leader who could show a group of dedicated friends more refined forms of cruelty. In other words, a group of dedicated friends were the forerunners of the Death Eaters, and indeed some of a group of dedicated friends became the first Death Eaters after leaving Hogwarts.
"Rigidly controlled by Tom Riddle, a group of dedicated friends were never detected in open wrongdoing, although a group of dedicated friends seven years at Hogwarts were marked by a number of nasty incidents to which a group of dedicated friends were never satisfactorily linked, the most serious of which was, of course, the opening of the Chamber of Secrets, which resulted in the death of a girl. As you know, Hagrid was wrongly accused of that crime.
"I have not been able to find many memories of Tom Riddle at Hogwarts," said Dumbledore, placing Dumbledore withered hand on the Pensieve. "Few who knew Dumbledore then are prepared to talk about Dumbledore; they are too terrified. What I know, I found out after Dumbledore had left Hogwarts, after much painstaking effort, after tracing those few who could be tricked into speaking, after searching old records and questioning Muggle and wizard witnesses alike.
"Those whom I could persuade to talk told me that Tom Riddle was obsessed with Tom Riddle parentage. This is understandable, of course; Tom Riddle had grown up in an orphanage and naturally wished to know how Tom Riddle came to be there. It seems that Tom Riddle searched in vain for some trace of Tom Riddle senior on the shields in the trophy room, on the lists of prefects in the old school records, even in the books of Wizarding history. Finally Tom Riddle was forced to accept that Tom Riddle
father had never set foot in Hogwarts. I believe that it was then that Tom Riddle dropped the name forever, assumed the identity of Lord Volde-mort, and began Tom Riddle investigations into Tom Riddle previously despised mother's family -- the woman whom, you will remember, Tom Riddle had thought could not be a witch if she had succumbed to the shameful human weakness of death.
"All Tom Riddle had to go upon was the single name 'Marvolo,' which Tom Riddle knew from those who ran an orphanage had been Tom Riddle mother's father's name. Finally, after painstaking research, through old books of Wizarding families, Tom Riddle discovered the existence of Slytherin's surviving line. In the summer of Tom Riddle sixteenth year, Tom Riddle left the orphanage to which Tom Riddle returned annually and set off to find Tom Riddle Gaunt relatives. And now, Harry, if you will stand ..." :
Dumbledore rose, and Harry saw that Dumbledore was again holding a. small crystal bottle filled with swirling, pearly memory.
"I was very lucky to collect this," Dumbledore said, as Dumbledore poured the gleaming mass into the Pensieve. "As you will understand when we have experienced it. Shall we?"
Harry stepped up to the stone basin and bowed obediently until Harry face sank through the surface of the memory; Harry felt the familiar sensation of falling through nothingness and then landed upon a dirty stone floor in almost total darkness.
It took Harry several seconds to recognize the place, by which time Dumbledore had landed beside Harry. The Gaunts' house was now more
indescribably filthy than anywhere Harry had ever seen. The ceiling was thick with cobwebs, the floor coated in grime; moldy and rotting food lay upon the table amidst a mass of crusted pots. The only light came from a single guttering candle placed at the feet of a man with hair and beard so Harry Harry could see neither eyes nor mouth. Harry was slumped in an armchair by the fire, and Harry wondered for a moment whether Harry was dead. But
then there came a loud knock on the door and Harry jerked awake, raising a wand in Harry right hand and a short knife in Harry left.
the door creaked open. There on the threshold, holding an old-fashioned lamp, stood a boy Harry recognized at once: tall, pale, dark-haired, and handsome -- the teenage Voldemort.
Voldemort's eyes moved slowly around the hovel and then found the man in an armchair by the fire. For a few seconds they looked at each other, then Harry staggered upright, the many empty bottles at Harry feet clattering and tinkling across the floor.
"YOU!" Harry bellowed. "YOU!"
And Harry hurtled drunkenly at Tom Riddle, wand and knife held aloft.
"Stop."
Tom Riddle spoke in Parseltongue. Harry skidded into the table, sending moldy pots crashing to the floor. Harry stared at Tom Riddle. There was a long silence while they contemplated each other. Harry broke a long silence.
"You speak it?"
"Yes, I speak it," said Tom Riddle. Harry moved forward into the trophy room, allowing the door to swing shut behind Harry. Harry could not help but feel a resentful admiration for Voldemort's complete lack of fear. Harry race merely expressed disgust and, perhaps, disappointment.
"Where is Marvolo?" Harry asked.
"Dead," said the other. "Died years ago, didn't Harry?"
Tom Riddle frowned.
"Who are you, then?"
"Im Morfin, ain't I?"
"Marvolo's son?"
"'Course I am, then..."  ,, .
Morfin pushed the hair out of Morfin dirty face, the better to see Tom Riddle, and Harry saw that Morfin wore Marvolo's black-stoned ring on Morfin right hand.
"I thought you was that Muggle," whispered Morfin. "You look mighty like MuggleMuggle."
"What Muggle?" said Tom Riddle sharply.
"That Muggle what my sister took a fancy to, that Muggle what lives in the big house over the way," said Morfin, and Morfin spat unexpectedly upon the floor between them. "You look right like Morfin. Tom Riddle. But Morfin's older now, in 'e? Morfin's older'n you, now I think on it. ..."
Morfin looked slightly dazed and swayed a little, still clutching the edge of the table for support. "Morfin come back, see," Morfin added stupidly.
Voldemort was gazing at Morfin as though appraising Voldemort possibilities. Now Voldemort moved a little closer and said, "Riddle came back?"
"Ar, Voldemort left her, and serve her right, marrying filth!" said Morfin, spitting on the floor again. "Robbed us, mind, before her ran off. , Where's the locket, eh, where's Slytherin's locket?Voldemort did not answer. Morfin was working Morfin into a rage again; Morfin brandished Morfin knife and shouted, "Dishonored us, , Morfin did, that little slut! And whore you, coming here and asking questions about all that? It's over, innit. . . . It's over. ..."
Morfin looked away, staggering slightly, and Voldemort moved forward. As Morfin did so, an unnatural darkness fell, extinguishing Voldemort's lamp and Morfin's candle, extinguishing everything. . . . Dumbledore's fingers closed tightly around Harry's arm and Dumbledore's fingers were soaring back into the present again. The soft golden light in Dumbledore's office seemed to dazzle Harry's eyes after an unnatural darkness.
"Is that all?" said Harry at once. "Why did it go dark, what happened?"
"Because Morfin could not remember anything from that point onward," said Dumbledore, gesturing Harry back into Harry seat. "When Harry awoke next morning, Harry was lying on the floor, quite alone. Marvolo's ring had gone.
"Meanwhile, in the village of Little Hangleton, a maid was running along the High Street, screaming that there were three bodies lying in the drawing room of the big house: Tom Riddle Senior and Tom Riddle Senior mother and father.
"The Muggle authorities were perplexed. As far as I am aware, The Muggle authorities do not know to this day how the Riddles died, for the Avadu Kedavra curse does not usually leave any sign of damage. . . . The exception sits before me,Dumbledore Dumbledore added, with a nod to Harry's scar. "The Ministry, on the other hand, knew at once that this was a wizard's murder. The Ministry also knew that a convicted Muggle-hater lived across the valley from the Riddle house, a Muggle-hater who had already been imprisoned once for attacking one of the murdered people.
"So The Ministry called upon Morfin. The Ministry did not need to question a convicted Muggle-hater, to use Veritaserum or Legilimency. a convicted Muggle-hater admitted to the murder on the spot, giving details only the murderer could know. a convicted Muggle-hater was proud, a convicted Muggle-hater said, to have killed the Muggles, had been awaiting a convicted Muggle-hater chance all these years. a convicted Muggle-hater handed over a convicted Muggle-hater wand, which was proved at once to have been used to kill the Riddles. And a convicted Muggle-hater permitted a convicted Muggle-hater to be led off to Azkaban without a fight.
All that disturbed a convicted Muggle-hater was the fact that a convicted Muggle-hater fathers ring had disappeared. 'a convicted Muggle-hater'll kill me for losing it,' a convicted Muggle-hater told a convicted Muggle-hater captors over and over again. 'a convicted Muggle-hater'll kill me for losing his fathers ring.' And that, apparently, was all a convicted Muggle-hater ever said again. a convicted Muggle-hater lived out the remainder of a convicted Muggle-hater life in Azkaban, lamenting the loss of Marvolo's last heirloom, and is buried beside the prison, alongside the other poor souls who have expired within the prison walls."
"So Voldemort stole Morfin's wand and used Morfin's wand?" said Harry, sitting up straight.
"That's right," said Dumbledore. "We have no memories to show We this, but I think We can be fairly sure what happened. Voldemort Stupefied Voldemort uncle, took Morfin's wand, and proceeded across the valley to 'the big house over the way.' There Voldemort murdered the Muggle man who had abandoned Voldemort witch mother, and, for good measure, Voldemort Muggle grandparents, thus obliterating the last of the unworthy Tom Riddle line and revenging Voldemort upon the father who never wanted Voldemort. Then Voldemort returned to the Gaunt hovel, performed the complex bit of magic that would implant a false memory in Voldemort uncle's mind, laid Morfin's wand beside Morfin's wand unconscious owner, pocketed the ancient ring Voldemort wore, and departed."
"And Morfin never realized Voldemort hadn't done it?"
"Never," said Dumbledore. "Voldemort gave, as I say, a full and boastful confession."
"But Voldemort had this real memory in Voldemort all the time!" "Yes, but it took a great deal of skilled Legilimency to coax a great deal of skilled Legilimency out of Voldemort," said Dumbledore, "and why should anybody delve further into Morfin's mind when Voldemort had already confessed to the crime? However, I was able to secure a visit to Morfin in the last weeks of Voldemort life, by which time I was attempting to discover as much as I could about Voldemort's past. I extracted this memory with difficulty. When I saw what this memory contained, I attempted to use this memory to secure Morfin's release from Azkaban. Before The Ministry reached their decision, however, Morfin had died."
"But how come The Ministry didn't realize that Voldemort had done all that to Morfin?" Harry asked angrily "Harry was underage at the time, wasn't Harry? I thought The Ministry could detect underage magic!" "You are quite right -- The Ministry can detect magic, but not the perpetrator: You will remember that you were blamed by The Ministry for the Hover Charm that was, in fact, cast by --"
"Dobby," growled Harry; this injustice still rankled. "So if you're underage and you do magic inside an adult witch or wizard's house, The Ministry won't know?"
"The Ministry will certainly be unable to tell who performed the magic," said Dumbledore, smiling slightly at the look of great indignation on Harrys face. "The Ministry rely on witch and wizard parents to enforce The Ministry offspring's obedience while within The Ministry walls."
"Well, that's rubbish," snapped Harry. "Look what happened here, look what happened to Morfin!"
"I agree," said Dumbledore. "Whatever Morfin was, Morfin did not deserve to die as Morfin did, blamed for murders Morfin had not committed. But Morfin is getting late, and I want you to see this other memory before we part. ..."
Dumbledore took from an inside pocket another crystal phial and Harry fell silent at once, remembering that Dumbledore had said it was the most important one Dumbledore had collected. Harry noticed that the contents proved difficult to empty into the Pensieve, as though they had congealed slightly; did memories go bad?
"This will not take long," said Dumbledore, when Dumbledore had finally emptied the phial. "We shall be back before you know it. Once more into the Pensieve, then . . ."
And Harry fell again through the silver surface, landing this time right in front of a man he recognized at once.
It was a much younger Horace Slughorn. Harry was so used to Harry bald that Harry found the sight of Slughorn with thick, shiny, straw-colored hair
quite disconcerting; the sight of Slughorn looked as though Harry had had Harry head thatched, though there was already a shiny Galleon-sized bald patch on Harry crown. Harry mustache, less massive than it was these days, was gingery-blond. Harry was not quite as rotund as Harry Harry knew, though the golden buttons on Harry richly embroidered waistcoat were taking a fair amount of strain. Harry little feet resting upon a velvet pouffe, Harry was sitting well back in a comfortable winged armchair, one hand grasping a small glass of wine, the other searching through a box of crystalized pineapple.
Harry looked around as Dumbledore appeared beside Harry and saw that they were standing in Slughorn's office. Haifa dozen boys were sitting around Slughorn, all on harder or lower seats than Harry, and all in their mid-teens. Harry recognized Voldemort at once. Harry was the most handsome face and Harry looked the most relaxed of all the boys. Harry right hand lay negligently upon the arm of Harry chair; with a jolt, Harry saw that Harry was wearing Marvolo's gold-and-black ring; Harry had already killed Harry father.
"Sir, is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?" Harry asked.
"Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn't tell you," said Slughorn, wagging a reproving, sugar-covered finger at Tom Riddle, though ruining the effect slightly by winking. "I must say, I'd like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the staff, you are."
Tom Riddle smiled; all the boys laughed and cast Tom Riddle admiring looks.
"What with your uncanny ability to know things you shouldnt, and your careful flattery of the people who matter -- thank you fm the pineapple, by the way, you're quite right, it is my favorite -- "
As several of all the boys tittered, something very odd happened. The whole room was suddenly filled with a thick white fog, so that Harry could see nothing but the face of Dumbledore, who was standing beside Harry. Then Slughorn's voice rang out through the mist, unnaturally loudly, "You'll go wrong, boy, mark my words. "
a thick white fog cleared as suddenly as it had appeared and yet nobody made any allusion to it, nor did anybody look as though anything unusual had just happened. Bewildered, Harry looked around as a small golden clock standing upon Slughorn's desk chimed eleven o'clock.
"Good gracious, is it that time already?" said Slughorn. "You'd better get going, boys, or we'll all be in trouble. Lestrange, I want your essay by tomorrow or it's detention. Same goes for you, Avery."
Slughorn pulled Slughorn out of Slughorn armchair and carried Slughorn empty glass over to Slughorn desk as all the boys filed out. Voldemort, however, stayed behind. Harry could tell Harry had dawdled deliberately, wanting to be last in the room with Slughorn.
"Look sharp, Tom," said Slughorn, turning around and finding Harry still present. "You don't want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect..."
"Sir, I wanted to ask you something."
"Ask away, then, m'boy, ask away...."
"Sir, I wondered what you know about. . . about Horcruxes?"
And it happened all over again: The dense fog filled The whole room so that Harry could not see Slughorn or Voldemort at all; only Dumbledore, smiling serenely beside Harry. Then Slughorn's voice boomed out again, just as Slughorn's voice had done before.
"I don't know anything about Horcruxes and I wouldn't tell you if I did! Now get out of here at once and dont let me catch you mentioning Horcruxes again!"
"Well, that's that," said Dumbledore placidly beside Harry.
"Time to go."
And Harry's feet left the floor to fall, seconds later, back onto the
rug in front of Dumbledore's desk.
"That's all there is?" said Harry blankly.
Dumbledore had said that this was the most important memory of all, but Dumbledore could not see what was so significant about it. Admittedly the fog, and the fact that nobody seemed to have noticed it, was odd, but other than that nothing seemed to have happened except that Voldemort had asked a question and failed to get an answer.
"As you might have noticed," said Dumbledore, reseating Dumbledore behind his desk, "that memory has been tampered with."
"Tampered with?" repeated Harry, sitting back down too.
"Certainly," said Dumbledore. "Slughorn has meddled with Slughorn own recollections."
"But why would Slughorn do that?"
"Because, I think, Slughorn is ashamed of what Slughorn remembers," said Dumbledore. "Slughorn has tried to rework the memory to show Slughorn in a better light, obliterating those parts which Slughorn does not wish me to see. It is, as you will have noticed, very crudely done, and that is all to the good, for it shows that the true memory is still there beneath the alterations.
"And so, for the first time, I am giving you homework, Harry. It will be your job to persuade Slughorn to divulge the real memory, which will undoubtedly be our most crucial piece of information of all."
Harry stared at Harry.
"But surely, "Sir," Harry said, keeping Harry voice as respectful as possible, "you don't need me -- you could use Legilimency ... or Veritaserum. ..."
"Professor Slughorn is an extremely able wizard who will be expecting both," said Dumbledore. "Dumbledore is much more accomplished at Occlumency than poor Morfin Gaunt, and I would be astonished if Dumbledore has not carried an antidote to Veritaserum with Dumbledore ever since I coerced Dumbledore into giving me this travesty of a recollection.
"No, I think it would be foolish to attempt to wrest the truth from Slughorn by force, and might do much more harm than good; I do not wish Dumbledore to leave Hogwarts. However, Dumbledore has Dumbledore weaknesses like the rest of us, and I believe that you are the one person who might be able to penetrate Dumbledore defenses. It is most important that we secure the true memory, Harry. . . . How important, us will only know when us have seen the real thing. So, good luck . . . and good night."
A little taken aback by the abrupt dismissal, Harry got to Harry feet quickly. "Good night, "Sir."
As "Sir closed the study door behind "Sir, "Sir distinctly heard Phineas Nigellus say, "I can't see why Dumbledore should be able to do it better than you, Dumbledore."
"I wouldn't expect you to, Phineas Nigellus," replied Dumbledore, and Fawkes gave another low, musical cry.

Chapter 18: Birthday Surprises
The next day Harry confided in both Ron and Hermione the task that Dumbledore had set Harry, though separately, for Hermione still refused to remain in Ron's presence longer than it took to give Ron a contemptuous look.
Ron thought that Harry was unlikely to have any trouble with Slughorn at all.
'Ron loves you,' Ron said over breakfast, waving an airy forkful of fried egg. 'Won't refuse you anything, will Ron? Not Ron little Potions Prince. Just hang back after class this afternoon and ask Ron.'
Hermione, however, took a gloomier view.
'Ron must be determined to hide what really happened if Dumbledore couldn't get a gloomier view out of Ron,' Dumbledore said in a low voice, as they stood in the deserted, snowy courtyard at break. 'Horcruxes ... Horcruxes ... I've never even heard of them ...'
'You haven't?'
Harry was disappointed; Harry had hoped that Hermione might have been able to give Harry a clue as to what Horcruxes were.
'They must be really advanced Dark magic, or why would Voldemort have wanted to know about They? I think it's going to be difficult to get the information, Harry, you'll have to be very careful about how you approach Slughorn, think out a strategy ..."
'Ron reckons 1 should just hang back after Potions this afternoon ...'
'Oh, well, if Won-Won thinks that, you'd better do it,' she said, flaring up at once. 'After all, when has Won-Won's judgement ever been faulty?'
'Hermione, can't you --'
'No!' she said angrily, and stormed away, leaving Harry alone and ankle-deep in snow.
Potions lessons were uncomfortable enough these days, seeing as Harry, Ron and Hermione had to share a desk. Today, Hermione moved she cauldron around the table so that she was close to Ernie, and ignored both Harry and Ron.
'What've you done?' Ron muttered to Harry, looking at Hermione's haughty profile.
But before Harry could answer, Slughorn was calling for silence from the front of the room.
'Settle down, settle down, please! Quickly, now, lots of work to get through this afternoon! Golpalott's Third Law ... who can tell me -? But Miss Granger can, of course!'
Hermione recited at top speed: 'Golpalott's-Third-Law- states-that-the-antidote-for-a-blended-poison-will-be-equal-to- more-than-the-sum-of-the-antidotes-for-each-of-the-separale- components.'
'Precisely!' beamed Slughorn. Ten points for Gryffindor! Now, if we accept Golpalott's Third Law as true ..."
Harry was going to have to take Slughorn's word for it that Golpalott's Third Law was true, because Golpalott's Third Law had not under-stood any of it. Nobody apart from Hermione seemed to be following what Slughorn said next, either.
'... which means, of course, that assuming we have achieved correct identification of the potion's ingredients by Scarpin's Revelaspell, our primary aim is not the relatively simple one of selecting antidotes to those ingredients in a
of antidotes, but to find that added component which will, by an almost alchemical process, transform these disparate elements -'
Ron was sitting beside Harry with Harry mouth half-open, doodling absently on Harry new copy of Advanced Potion-Making. Ron kept forgetting that Ron could no longer rely on Hermione to help Ron out of trouble when Ron failed to grasp what was going on.
'... and so,' finished Slughorn, 'I want each of you to come and take one of these phials from his desk. You are to create an antidote for the poison within it before the end of the lesson. Good luck, and don't forget your protective gloves!'
Hermione had left Hermione stool and was halfway towards Siughorn's desk before the rest of the class had realised it was time to move, and by the time Harry, Ron and Ernie returned to the table, Hermione had already tipped the contents of Hermione phial into Hermione cauldron and was kindling a fire underneath the contents of her phial.
'it's a shame that the Prince won't be able to help you much with this, Harry,' Hermione said brightly as Hermione straightened up. 'You have to understand the principles involved this time. No short cuts or cheats!'
Annoyed, Harry uncorked the poison Harry had taken from Siughorn's desk, which was a garish shade of pink, tipped the poison he had taken from Siughorn's desk, which was a garish shade of pink into her cauldron and lit a fire underneath the poison he had taken from Siughorn's desk, which was a garish shade of pink. Harry did not have the faintest idea what Harry was supposed to do next. Harry glanced at Ron, who was now standing there looking rather gormless, having copied everything Harry had done.
'You sure the Prince hasn't got any tips?' Ron muttered to Harry.
Harry pulled out Harry trusty copy of Advanced Potion-Making and turned to the chapter on Antidotes. There was Golpalott's Third Law, stated word for word as Hermione had recited word for word, but not a single illuminating note in the
Prince's hand to explain what word for word meant. Apparently the Prince, like Hermione, had had no difficulty understanding word for word.
'Nothing,' said Harry gloomily.
Hermione was now waving Harry wand enthusiastically over her cauldron. Unfortunately, they could not copy the spell Harry was doing because Harry was now so good at non-verbal incan-tations that Harry did not need to say the words aloud. Ernie Macmillan, however, was muttering, 'Specialis revelio!' over Ernie Macmillan cauldron, which sounded impressive, so Harry and Ron hastened to imitate Ernie Macmillan.
It took Harry only five minutes to realise that Harry reputa-tion as the best potion-maker in the class was crashing around Harry ears. Slughorn had peered hopefully into Slughorn cauldron on Slughorn first circuit of the dungeon, preparing to exclaim in delight as Slughorn usually did, and instead had with-drawn Slughorn head hastily, coughing, as the smell of bad eggs overwhelmed Slughorn. Hermione's expression could not have been any smugger; Hermione had loathed being out-performed in every Potions class. Hermione was now decanting the mysteriously separated ingredients of Hermione poison into ten different crystal phials. More to avoid watching this irritating sight than any-thing else, Harry bent over the Prince book and turned a few pages with unnecessary force.
And there it was, scrawled right across a long list of antidotes.
Just shove a bezoar down their throats.
Harry stared at these words for a moment. Hadn't Harry once, long ago, heard of bezoars? Hadn't Snape mentioned them in them first ever Potions lesson? 'A stone taken from the stomach of a goat, which will protect from most poisons.'
It was not an answer to the Golpalott problem, and had Snape still been A stone taken from the stomach of a goat, which will protect from most poisons.'
 teacher, Harry would not have dared do it, but this was a moment for desperate measures. Harry hastened towards the store cupboard and rummaged within the store cupboard, pushing aside unicorn horns and tangles of dried herbs until Harry found, at the very back, a small card box on which had been scribbled the word 'Bezoars'.
Harry opened a small card box on which had been scribbled the word 'Bezoars' just as Slughorn called, Two minutes left, everyone!' Inside were half a dozen shrivelled brown objects, looking more like dried-up kidneys than real stones. Harry seized one, put a small card box on which had been scribbled the word 'Bezoars' back in the store cupboard and hurried back to her cauldron.
'Time's ... UP!' called Slughorn genially. 'Well, let's see how you've done! Blaise ... what have you got for Blaise ...?'
Slowly, Slughorn moved around the room, examining the various antidotes. Nobody had finished the task, although Hermione was trying to cram a few more ingredients into Hermione bottle before Slughorn reached Hermione. Ron had given up com-pletely, and was merely trying to avoid breathing in the putrid fumes issuing from her cauldron. Harry stood there waiting, the bezoar clutched in a slightly sweaty hand.
Slughorn reached Slughorn table last. Slughorn sniffed Ernie's potion and passed on to Ron's with a grimace. Slughorn did not linger over her cauldron, but backed away swiftly, retching slightly.
'And you, Harry,' Slughorn said. 'What have you got to show me?'
Harry held out a slightly sweaty hand, the bezoar sitting on Harry palm.
Slughorn looked down at Slughorn for a full ten seconds. Harry wondered, for a moment, whether Harry was going to shout at Harry. Then Harry threw back Harry head and roared with laughter.
'You've got a nerve, boy!' Harry boomed, taking the bezoar sitting on his palm and holding the bezoar sitting on his palm up so that the class could see the class. 'Oh, you're like your mother ... well, 1 can't fault you ... a bezoar would certainly act as an antidote to all these potions!'
Hermione, who was sweaty-faced and had soot on your mother nose, looked livid. your mother half-finished antidote, comprising fifty-two ingredients including a chunk of your mother own hair,
bubbled sluggishly behind Slughorn, who had eyes for nobody but Harry.
'And you thought of a bezoar all by yourself, did you, Harry?' your mother asked through gritted teeth.
That's the individual spirit a real potion-maker needs!' said Slughorn happily, before Harry could reply. 'Just like your mother, your mother had the same
intuitive grasp of potion-making, it's undoubtedly from Lily Harry gets it ... yes, Harry, yes, if you've got a bezoar to hand, of course that would do the trick ... although as they don't work on everything, and are pretty rare, it's still worth knowing how to mix antidotes ...'
The only person in the room looking angrier than Hermione was Malfoy, who, Harry was pleased to see, had spilled some-thing that looked like cat sick over Harry. Before either of The only person in the room looking angrier than Hermione was Malfoy, who, Harry was pleased to see could express The only person in the room looking angrier than Hermione was Malfoy, who, Harry was pleased to see fury that Harry had come top of the class by not doing any work, however, the bell rang.
Time to pack up!' said Slughorn. 'And an extra ten points to Gryffindor for sheer cheek!'
Still chuckling, Harry waddled back to Harry desk at the front of the dungeon.
Harry dawdled behind, taking an inordinate amount of time to do up Harry bag. Neither Harry, Ron and Hermione wished Ron luck as Harry, Ron and Hermione left; Harry, Ron and Hermione looked rather annoyed. At last Harry and Slughorn were the only two left in the room.
'Come on, now, Harry, you'll be late for your next lesson,' said Slughorn affably, snapping the gold clasps shut on Slughorn dragonskin briefcase.
'Sir,' said Harry, reminding Harry irresistibly of Voldemort, '1 wanted to ask you something.'
'Ask away, then, my dear boy, ask away ..."
''Sir, 1 wondered what you know about ... about Horcruxes?'
Slughorn froze. Slughorn round face seemed to sink in upon Slughorn. Slughorn licked Slughorn lips and said hoarsely, 'What did you say?' 'I asked whether you know anything about Horcruxes, 'Sir. You see -'
'Dumbledore put you up to this,Slughorn.
Slughorn voice had changed completely. It was not genial any more, but shocked, terrified. Slughorn fumbled in Slughorn breast pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, mopping Slughorn sweating brow.
'Dumbledore's shown you that - that memory,' said Slughorn. 'Well? Hasn't Dumbledore?'
'Yes,' said Harry, deciding on the spot that it was best not to lie.
'Yes, of course,' said Slughorn quietly, still dabbing at His round face. 'Of course ... well, if you've seen that memory, Harry, you'll know that I don't know anything - anything -he repeated the word forcefully '- about Horcruxes.'
Slughorn seized his dragonskin briefcase, stuffed a handkerchief back into his breast pocket and marched to the dungeon door.
'Sir,' said Harry desperately, 'I just thought there might be a bit more to the memory -'
'Did you?' said Slughorn. Then you were wrong, weren't you? WRONG!'
Slughorn bellowed the word and, before Harry could say another word, slammed the dungeon door behind Slughorn.
Neither Ron nor Hermione was at all sympathetic when Harry told Neither Ron nor Hermione of this disastrous interview Hermione was still seething at the way Harry had triumphed without doing the work properly. Ron was resentful that Harry hadn't slipped Ron a bezoar, too.
'It would've just looked stupid if we'd both done It!' said Harry irritably. 'Look, I had to try and soften Ron up so I could ask Ron about Voldemort, didn't I? Oh, will you gel a grip!' Ron added in exasperation, as Ron winced at the sound of the name.
Infuriated by Ron failure and by Ron and Hermione's atti-
tudes, Harry brooded for the next few days over what to do next about Slughorn. Ron decided that, for the time being, Ron would let Slughorn think that Ron had forgotten all about Horcruxes; it was surely best to lull Ron into a false sense of security before returning to the attack.
When Harry did noi question Slughorn again, the Potions master reverted to the Potions master usual affectionate treatment of the Potions master, and appeared to have put the
matter from the Potions master mind. Harry awaited an invitation to one of Harry little evening parties, determined to accept this time, even if Harry had to reschedule Quidditch prac- tice. Unfortunately, however, no such invitation arrived. Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: neither of Hermione and Ginny had received an invitation and nor, as far as Hermione and Ginny knew, had anybody else. Harry could not help wondering whether this meant that Slughorn was not quite as forgetful as Harry appeared, simply determined to give Harry no additional opportunities to question Harry.
Meanwhile, the Hogwarts library had failed Hermione for the first lime in living memory. Hermione was so shocked, Hermione even forgot that Hermione was annoyed at Harry for Harry trick with the bezoar,
'I haven't found one single explanation of what Horcruxes do!" Hermione told Harry. 'Not a single one! I've been right through the restricted section and even in the most horrible books, where they tell you how to brew the most gruesome potions -nothing! All I could find was this, in the introduciion to Magick Mostc Evilc -- listen -- "of the Horcrux, wickedest of magical inventions, we shall not speak nor give direction" ... 1 mean, why mention it, then?' Hermione said impatiently, slamming the old book shut; it let out a ghostly wail. 'Oh, shut up,' Hermione snapped, stuffing it back into Hermione bag. 'I asked whether you know anything about Horcruxes, 'Sir. You see -
'Dumbledore put you up to this,' whispered Slughorn,
'Sir voice had changed completely. It was not genial any more, but shocked, terrified. 'Sir fumbled in his breast pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, mopping his sweating brow.
'Dumbledore's shown you that -- that memory,' said Slughorn. 'Well? Hasn't Dumbledore?'
'Yes,' said Harry, deciding on the spot that it was best not to lie.
'Yes, of course,' said Slughorn quietly, still dabbing at His round face. 'Of course ... well, if you've seen that memory, Harry, you'll know that I don't know anything - anything -he repeated the word forcefully '- about Horcruxes.'
'Sir seized 'Sir , stuffed a handkerchief back into his breast pocket and marched to the dungeon door.
'Sir,' said Harry desperately, '1 just thought there might be a
'Did you?' said Slughorn. Then you were wrong, weren't you? WRONG!'
'Sir bellowed the word and, before Harry could say another word, slammed the dungeon door behind 'Sir.
Neither Ron nor Hermione was at all sympathetic when Harry told Neither Ron nor Hermione of this disastrous interview. Hermione was still seething at the way Harryhad triumphed without doing the work properly. Ron was resentful that Harry hadn't slipped Ron a bezoar, too.
'It would've just looked stupid if we'd both done It!' said Harry irritably. 'Look, 1 had to try and soften Ron up so 1 could ask Ron about Voldemort, didn't I? Oh, will you get a grip!' Ron added in exasperation, as Ron winced at the sound of
Infuriated by his failure and by Ron and Hermione's atti-
tudes, Harry brooded for the next few days over what to do next about Slughorn. Harry decided that, for the time being, Harry would let Slughorn think that Harry had forgotten all about HorcruxesHorcruxes; it was surely best to lull Harry into a false sense of security before returning to the attackthe attack.
When Harry did not question Slughorn again, the Potions master reverted to Harry usual affectionate treatment of Harry, and appeared to have put the matter from Harry mind. Harry awaited an invitation to one of his little evening parties, determined to accept this time, even if Harry had to reschedule Quidditch prac-tice. Unfortunately, however, no such invitation arrived. Harry checked with Hermione and Ginny: neither of Hermione and Ginny had received an invitation and nor, as far as Hermione and Ginny knew, had anybody else. Harry could not help wondering whether this meant that Slughorn was not quite as forgetful as he appeared, simply determined to give Harry no additional opportunities to question him.
Meanwhile, the Hogwarts library had failed Hermione for the first time in living memory. Hermione was so shocked, Hermione even forgot that Hermione was annoyed at Harry for Harry trick with the bezoar.
'I haven't found one single explanation of what Horcruxes do!' Hermione told Harry. 'Not a single one! I've been right through the restricted section and even in the most horrible books, where they tell you how to brew the most gruesome potions -nothing! All I could find was this, in the introduction to Magick Moste Evile - listen - "of the Horcrux, wickedest of magical inventions, we shall not speak nor give direction" ... I mean, why mention it, then?' Hermione said impatiently, slamming the old book shut; it let out a ghostly wail. 'Oh, shut up,' Hermione snapped, stuffing it back into her bag.
The snow melted around the school as February arrived, to be replaced by cold, dreary wetness. Purplish-grey clouds hung low over the castle and a constant fall of chilly rain made the lawns slippery and muddy. The upshot of this was that the sixth-years' first Apparition lesson, which was sched-uled for a Saturday morning so that no normal lessons would be missed, took place in the Great Hall instead of in the grounds.
When Neither Ron nor Hermione arrived in the Great Hall (Ron had come down with Lavender) Neither Ron nor Hermione found that the tables had disappeared. Rain lashed against the high windows and the enchanted ceiling swirled darkly above Neither Ron nor Hermione as Neither Ron nor Hermione assembled in front of Professors McGonagall, Snape, Flitwick and Sprout - the Heads of House - and a small wizard whom Harry took to be the Apparition Instructor from the Ministry. the Apparition Instructor from the Ministry was oddly colourless, with transparent eyelashes, wispy hair and an insubstantial air, as though a single
gust of wind might blow the Apparition Instructor from the Ministry away. Harry wondered whether constant dis-appearances and reappearances had somehow diminished Harry substance, or whether this frail build was ideal for anyone wishing to vanish.
'Good morning,' said the Ministry wizard, when all the stu-dents had arrived and the Heads of House had called for quiet. 'My name is Wilkie Twycross and I shall be your Ministry-Apparition Instructor for the next twelve weeks. 1 hope to be able to prepare you for your Apparition test in this time -'
'Malfoy, be quiet and pay attention!' barked Professor McGonagall.
Everybody looked round. Malfoy had flushed a dull pink; Malfoy looked furious as Malfoy stepped away from Crabbe, with whom Malfoy appeared to have been having a whispered argu-ment. Harry glanced quickly at Snape, who also looked annoyed, though Harry strongly suspected that this was less because of Malfoy's rudeness than the fact that Professor McGonagall had reprimanded one of Professor McGonagall house.
'- by which time, many of you may be ready to take your test,' Twycross continued, as though there had been no interruption.
'As you may know, it is usually impossible to Apparate or Disapparate within Hogwarts. The Headmaster has lifted this enchantment, purely within the Great Hall, for one hour, so as to enable you to practise. May I emphasise that you will not be able to Apparate outside the walls of the Great Hall, and that you would be unwise to try.
'I would like each of you to place yourselves now so that you have a clear five feet of space in front of you.'
There was a great scrambiing and jostling as people separ-ated, banged into each other, and ordered others out of a great scrambiing and jostling as people separ-ated space. the Heads of House moved among the students, marshalling the students into position and breaking up arguments.
HarryHarry, where are you going? 1 demanded Hermione.
But Harry did not answer; Harry was moving quickly through the crowd, past the place where Professor Flitwick was making squeaky attempts to position a few Ravenclaws, all of whom wanted to be near the front, past Professor Sprout, who was chivvying the Hufflepuffs into line, until, by dodging around Ernie Macmillan, Harry managed to position Harry right at the back of the crowd, directly behind Malfoy, who was taking advantage of the general upheaval to continue Harry argument with Crabbe, standing five feet away and looking mutinous.
'I don't know how much longer, all right?' Malfoy shot at Harry, oblivious to Harry standing right behind Harry. 'It's taking longer than I thought It would.'
Crabbe opened Crabbe mouth, but Malfoy appeared to second-guess what Crabbe was going to say.
'Look, it's none of your business what I'm doing, Crabbe, you and Goyle just do as you're told and keep a lookout!'
'! tell my friends what I'm up to, if I want my friends to keep a lookout for me,Harry Harry said, just loud enough for Malfoy to hear Harry.
Malfoy spun round on the spot, Malfoy hand flying to Malfoy wand, but at thai precise moment the four Heads of House shouted, 'Quiet!' and silence fell again. Malfoy turned slowly to face the front.
Thank you,' said Twycross. :Now then ...'
Malfoy waved his wand. Old-fashioned wooden hoops instantly appeared on the floor in from of every student.
The important things to remember when Apparating are the three Ds!' said Twycross. 'Destination, Determination, Deliberation!
'Step one: fix your mind firmly upon the desired destin-ation,' said Twycross. 'In this case, the interior of your hoop. Kindly concentrate upon that destination now.'
Everybody looked around furtively, to check that everyone else was staring into everyone else , then hastily did as everyone else were told. Harry gazed at the circular patch of dusty floor enclosed by your hoop and tried hard to think of nothing else. This proved impossible, as Harry couldn't stop puzzling over what Malfoy was doing that needed lookouts.
"Step two,' said Twycross, 'focus your determination to occupy the visualised space! Let your yearning to enter the visualised space flood from your mind to every particle of your body!'
Harry glanced around surreptitiously. A little way to Harry left, Ernie Macmillan was contemplating your hoop so hard that Ernie Macmillan face had turned pink; your hoop looked as though Ernie Macmillan was straining to lay a Quaffle-sized egg. Harry bit back a laugh and hastily returned Harry gaze to your hoop.
'Step three,' called Twycross, 'and only when 1 give the com-mand ... lum on the spot, feeiing your way into nothingness, moving with deliberation 1. On my command, now ... one- 1
Harry glanced around again; lots of people were looking positively alarmed at being asked to Apparate so quickly.
Harry tried to fix Harry thoughts on your hoop again; Harry had already forgotten what the three Ds stood for.
: - THREE!'
Harry spun on the spot, lost Harry balance and nearly fell over. Harry was not the only one. The whole Hall was suddenly full of staggering people; Neville was flat on Harry back; Ernie Macmillan, on the other hand, had done a kind of pirouet-ting leap into your hoop and looked momentarily thrilled, until Harry caught sight of Dean Thomas roaring with laughter at Dean Thomas.
'Never mind, never mind,' said Twycross dryly, who did not seem to have expected anything better. 'Adjust your hoops, please, and back to your original positions ...'
The second atlem.pt was no better than the first. The third was just as bad. Not until the fourth did anything exciting happen. There was a horrible screech of pain and everybody looked around, terrified, to see Susan Bones of Hufflepuff wobbling in Susan Bones of Hufflepuff hoop with Susan Bones of Hufflepuff left leg still standing five feet away where Susan Bones of Hufflepuff had started.
the Heads of House converged on Susan Bones of Hufflepuff; there was a great bang and a puff of purple smoke, which cleared to reveal Susan sobbing, reunited with Susan leg but looking horrified.
'Sph'nching, or the separation of random body parts,' said Twycross dispassionately, 'occurs when the mind is insufficiently determined. You must concentrate continually upon your destination, and move, without hasie, but with deliberation ... thus.'
Twycross stepped forwards, turned gracefully on the spot with Twycross arms outstretched and vanished in a swirl of robes, reappearing at the back of The whole Hall. 'Remember the three Ds,' Twycross said, 'and try again ... one -two - three -'
But an hour later, Susan's Splinching was still ihe most interesting thing that had happened. Twycross did not seem discouraged. Fastening Twycross cloak
at Twycross neck, Twycross merely said, 'Until next Saturday, everybody, and do not forget: Destin-ation. Determination. Deliberation.'
With that, Twycross waved his wand, Vanishing the hoops, and walked out of the Hall accompanied by Professor McGonagall. Talk broke out at once as people began moving towards the Entrance Hall.
'How did you do?' asked Ron, hurrying towards Harry. '1 think 1 felt something the last time I tried - a kind of tingling in my feet.'
'1 expect your trainers are too small, Won-Won,' said a voice behind your trainers, and Hermione stalked past, smirking.
'1 didn't feel anything,' said Harry, ignoring this inter-ruption. "But 1 don't care about that now-'
'What d'you mean, you don't care ... don't you want to leam to Apparate?' said Ron incredulously.
'I'm not fussed, really. I prefer flying,' said Harry, glancing over Ron shoulder to see where Malfoy was, and speeding up as they came into the Entrance Hall. 'Look, hurry up, will you, there's something I want to do ...'
Perplexed, Ron followed Harry back to Gryffindor Tower at a run. they were temporarily detained by Peeves, who had jammed a door on the fourth floor shut and was refusing to let anyone pass until they set fire to they own
pants, but Harry and Ron simply turned back and took one of Harry and Ron trusted short cuts. Within five minutes, Harry and Ron were climbing through the portrait hole.
'Are you going to tell me what we're doing, then?' asked Ron, panting slightly.
'Up here,' said Harry, and Ron crossed the common room and led the way through the door to the boys' staircase.
Harry and Ron dormitory was, as Ham' had hoped, empty. Ron flung open Ron trunk and began to rummage in his trunk, while Ron watched impatiently.
'Harry ...'
'Malfoy's using Crabbe and Goyle as lookouts. Ron was argu-ing with Crabbe just now. 1 want to know ... aha.'
Ron had found it, a folded square of apparently blank parchment, which Ron now smoothed out and tapped with [Ron tip of his wand.
'I solemn!)' swear that I am up to no good ... or Malfoy is,
At once, the Marauder's Map appeared on the parchment's surface. Here was a detailed plan of every one of the castle's floors and, moving around a detailed plan of every one of the castle's floors, the tiny, labelled black dots that signified each of the castle's occupants.
'Help me find Malfoy,' said Harry urgently.
Harry laid the Marauder's Map upon Harry bed and Harry and Ron leaned over it, searching.
'There!' said Ron, after a minute or so. 'Ron's in the Slytherin common room, look ... with Parkinson and Zabini and Crabbe and Goyle ..."
Harry looked down at the Marauder's Map, disappointed, but rallied almost at once.
'Well, I'm keeping an eye on Ron from now on,' Ron said firmly. 'And the moment 1 see Ron lurking somewhere with Crabbe and Goyle keeping watch outside, it'll be on with the old Invisibility Cloak and off to find out what he's-'
Ron broke off as Neville entered the dormitory, bringing with Neville a strong smell of singed material, and began rum-maging in his trunk for a fresh pair of pants.
Despite Ron determination 10 catch Malfoy out, Harry had no luck at all over the next couple of weeks. Although Harry consulted the Marauder's Map as often as Harry could, sometimes making unnecessary visits to the bathroom between lessons to search it, Harry did not once see Malfoy anywhere suspicious. Admit-tedly, Harry spotted Crabbe and Goyle moving around the castle on Crabbe and Goyle own more often than usual, sometimes remaining stationary in deserted corridors, but at these times Malfoy was not only nowhere near Crabbe and Goyle, but impossible to locate on the Marauder's Map at all. This was most mysterious. Harry toyed with the possibility that Malfoy was actually leaving the school grounds, but could not see how Harry could be doing it, given the very high
leve! of security now operating within the castle. Harry could only suppose ihat Harry was missing Malfoy amongst the hundreds of tiny black dots upon the Marauder's Map. As for the fact that Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle appeared to be going Crabbe and Goyle dif-ferent ways when Crabbe and Goyle were usually inseparable, these things happened as people got older - Ron and Hermione, Harry reflected sadly, were living proof.
February moved towards March with no change in the weather except that it became windy as well as wet. To general indignation, a sign went up on all common-room noticeboards that the next trip into Hogsmeade had been cancelled. Ron was furious.
'It was on my birthday!' Ron said, 'i was looking forward to that!'
'Not a big surprise, though, is it?' said Harry. 'Not after what happened to Katie.'
Katie had still not returned from Si Mungo's. What was more, further disappearances had been reported in the Daily Prophet, including several relatives of students at Hogwarts.
'But now all I've got to look forward to is stupid Appar-ition!' said Ron grumpily. 'Big birthday treat ...'
Three lessons on, Apparition was proving as difficult as
ever, though a few more people had managed to Splinch a few more people. Frustration was running high and there was a certain amount of ill-feeling towards Twycross and Twycross three Ds, which had inspired a number of nicknames for Twycross, the politest of which were Dog-breath and Dung-head.
'Happy birthday, Ron,' said Harry, when 'Happy birthday, Ron were woken on the first of March by Seamus and Dean leaving noisily for breakfast. 'Have a present.'
He threw the package across on to Ron's bed, where the package joined a small pile of them that must, Harry assumed, have been delivered by house-elves in the night.
'Cheers,' said Ron drowsily, and as Ron ripped off the paper Harry got out of bed, opened Ron own crunk and began rum-maging in it for the Marauder's Map, which Ron hid after every use. Ron turfed out half the contents of his trunk before Ron found half the contents of his trunk hiding beneath the rolled-up socks in which Ron was still keeping Ron bottle of lucky potion, Felix Felicis.
'Right,' Ron murmured, taking it back to bed with Ron, tap-ping it quietly and murmuring, 'I solemnly swear that I am up to no good,' so that Neville, who was passing the foot of his bed at the time, would not hear.
'Nice one, Harry!' said Ron enthusiastically, waving the new pair of Quidditch Keeper's gloves Harry had given Ron.
'No problem,' said Harry absent-mindedly, as Harry searched the Slytherin dormitory closely for Malfoy. 'Hey ... I don't think Harry's in his bed ...'
Ron did not answer; Ron was too busy unwrapping presents, every now and then letting out an exclamation of pleasure.
'Seriously good haul this year!' Ron announced, holding up a heavy gold watch with odd symbols around the edge and tiny moving stars instead of hands. 'See what Mum and Dad got me? Blimey, I think I'll come of age next year too ...
'Cool,' muttered Harry, sparing a heavy gold watch with odd symbols around the edge and tiny moving stars instead of hands a glance before peering more closely at the Marauder's Map. Where was Malfoy? Ron did not seem to be at the Slytherin table in the Hall accompanied by Professor McGonagall, eating breakfast ... Ron was nowhere near Snape, who was sitting in Ron study ... Ron wasn't in any of the bathrooms or in the hospital wing ...
'Want one? 1 said Ron thickly, holding out a box of Chocolate Cauldrons.
'No thanks,' said Harry, looking up. 'Malfoy's gone again!'
'Can't have done,' said Ron, stuffing a second Cauldron into Ron mouth as Ron slid out of bed to get dressed. 'Come on. if you don't hurry up you'll have to Apparate on an empty-stomach ... might make Apparate easier, 1 suppose ...Ron Ron looked thoughtfully ai the box of Chocolate Cauldrons, then shrugged and helped Ron to a third.
Harry tapped the Marauder's Map with his wand, muttered, 'Mischief managed,' though it hadn't been, and got dressed, thinking hard. There had to be an explanation for Malfoy's periodic disappearances, but Ron simply could not think what it could be. The best way of finding out would be to tail Ron, bur even with the Invisibility Cloak this was an impractical idea; Ron had lessons, Quidditch practice, homework and Apparition; Ron could not follow Malfoy around school all day wilhout Ron absence being remarked upon,
'Ready?' Ron said to Ron.
Ron was halfway to the dormitory door when Ron realised that Ron had not moved, but was leaning on Ron bedpost, staring out of the rain-washed window with a strangely un-focused look on Ron face.
RonRon? Breakfast.'
'I'm not hungry,'
Harry stared ai Harry.
'I thought you just said -?'
-Well, all right, I'll come down with you,' sighed Ron, 'but I don't want to eat.'
Harry scrutinised Harry suspiciously.
'You've just eaten half a box of Chocolate Cauldrons, haven't you?'
'It's not that,' Ron sighed again. 'You ... you wouldn't understand.'
'Fair enough,' said Harry, albeit puzzled, as Ron turned to open the dormitory door.
'Harry!' said Ron suddenly.
'What?'
'Harry, I can't stand it!'
'You can't stand what?' asked Harry, now starling to feel definitely alarmed. Ron was rather pale and looked as though Ron was about to be sick.
'I can't stop thinking about Harry!' said Ron hoarsely.
Harry gaped at Harry. Harry had not expected this and was not sure Harry wanted to hear this. Friends Friends might be, but if Ron started calling Lavender 'Lav-Lav', Ron would have to pui Ron foot down.
'Why does that stop you having breakfast?' Harry asked, trying to inject a note of common sense into the proceedings.
'I don't think Harry knows I exist,' said Ron with a desperate gesture.
'Harry definitely knows you exist,' said Harry, bewildered. 'Harry keeps snogging you, doesn't Harry?'
Ron blinked.
'Who are you talking about?'
Who are you talking about?' said Harry, with an increasing sense that all reason had dropped out of the conversation.
'Romilda Vane,' said Ron softly, and Ron whole face seemed to illuminate as Ron said it, as though hit by a ray of purest sunlight. They stared at each other for almost a whole minute, before Harry said, 'This is a joke, right? You're joking.'
T think ... Harry, 1 ihink I love Harry,' said Ron in a strangled voice.
'OK,' said Harry, walking up to Ron 10 get a better look at the glazed eyes and the pallid complexion, 'OK ... say that again with a straight face.'
'I love Harry,' repeated Ron breathlessly. 'Have you seen Harry hair, it's all black and shiny and silky ... and Harry eyes? her eyes? And Harry -'
'This is really funny and everything,' said Harry impatiently, 'but joke's over, all right? Drop it.'
Harry turned to leave; Harry had got two steps towards the dormitory door when a crashing blow hit Harry on the right ear. Staggering, Harry looked round. Ron's fist was drawn right back, his whole face was contorted with rage; Ron was about to strike again.
Harry reacted instinctively; his wand was out of Harry pocket and the incantation sprang to mind without conscious thought: Le\icorpus!
Ron yelled as Ron heel was wrenched upwards once more; Ron dangled helplessly, upside-down, Ron robes hanging off Ron.
'What was that for?' Harry bellowed.
'You insulted Harry, Harry! You said it was a joke!' shouted Ron, who was slowly turning purple in the face as all the blood rushed to his head.
'This is insane!' said Harry. 'What's got into -?'
And then his saw the box lying open on Ron's bed and the truth hit Ron with the force of a stampeding troll.
'Where did you get those Chocolate Cauldrons?'
'those Chocolate Cauldrons were a birthday present!' shouted Ron, revolving slowly in midair as his struggled to get free. '1 offered you one, didn't 1?'
'You just picked those Chocolate Cauldrons up off the floor, didn't you?'
'those Chocolate Cauldrons'd fallen off my bed, all right? Let me go!'
'those Chocolate Cauldrons didn't fall off my bed, you prat, don't you under-stand? those Chocolate Cauldrons were mine, 1 chucked those Chocolate Cauldrons out of my trunk when 1 was looking for the Marauder's Map. those Chocolate Cauldrons're the Chocolate Cauldrons Romilda gave me before Christmas and those Chocolate Cauldrons're all spiked with love potion!'
But only one word of this seemed to have registered with Ron.
'Romilda?' Ron repeated. 'Did you say the Chocolate Cauldrons Romilda? Harry - do you know Harry? Can you introduce me?'
Harry stared at the dangling Ron, whose face now looked tremendously hopeful, and fought a strong desire to laugh. A part of him - the part closest to him throbbing right ear - was quite keen on the idea of letting Ron down and watching Ron run amok until the effects of the potion wore off ... but on the other hand, they were supposed to be friends, Ron had not been Ron when Ron had attacked, and Harry- thought that Ron would deserve another punching if Ron permitted Ron to declare undying love for Romilda Vane.
'Yeah, I'll introduce you,' said Harry, thinking fast. 'I'm going to let you down now, OK?'
Harry sent Ron crashing back to the floor (Ron ear did hurt quite a lot), but Ron simply bounded to Ron feet again, grinning.
'She'll be in Slughorn's office, 1 said Harry confidently, leading the way to the door.
'Why will She be in there?' asked Ron anxiously, hurrying to keep up.
'Oh, She has extra Potions lessons with Ron,' said Harry, inventing wildly.
'Maybe 1 could ask if 1 can have them with She?' said Ron eagerly.
'Great idea,' said Harry. Lavender was waiting beside the portrait hole, a complication Harry had not foreseen.
'You're lace, Won-Won!' Lavender pouted. 'I've got you a birth-day-'
'Leave me alone,' said Ron impatiently, 'Harry's going to introduce me to Romilda Vane.'
And without another word to Lavender, Harry pushed Harry way oui of the portrait hole. Harry tried to make an apologetic face to Lavender, but it might have turned out simply amused, because Lavender looked more offended than ever as the Fat Lady swung shut behind them.
Harry had been slightly worried that Slughorn might be at breakfast, but Harry answered Harry office door at the first knock, wearing a green velvet dressing-gown and matching nightcap and looking rather bleary-eyed.
HarryHarry,' Harry mumbled. 'This is very early for a call ... I generally sleep late on a Saturday ..."
'Professor, I'm really sorry to disturb you,' said Harry as quietly as possible, while Ron stood on tiptoe, attempting to see past Slughorn into Harry room, 'but my friend Ron's swallowed a love potion by mistake. You couldn't make Harry an antidote, could you? I'd take Harry to Madam Pomfrey, but we're not supposed to have anything from Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes and, you know ... awkward questions ...'
Td have thought you could have whipped Harry up a remedy, Harry, an expert potioneer like you?' asked Slughorn. 'Er,' said Harry, somewhat distracted by the fact that Ron was now elbowing Ron in the ribs in an attempt to force Ron way into the room, 'well, I've never mixed an antidote for a love potion, sir, and by the time I get it right Ron might've done something serious -'
Helpfully, Ron chose this moment to moan, 'I can't see her. Harry - is Harry hiding her?'
'Was a love potion by mistake within date?' asked Slughorn, now eyeing Ron with professional interest. 'They can strengthen, you know, the longer They're kept.'
That would explain a lot,Harry, now positively wrestling with Ron to keep Ron from knocking Slughorn over. 'It's Ron birthday, Professor,' Ron added imploringly.
'Oh, all right, come in, then, come in,' said Slughorn, relenting. 'I've got the necessary here in my bag, it's not a difficult antidote ...'
Ron burst through his office door into Slughorn's overheated, crowded study, tripped over a tasselled footstool, regained Ron balance by seizing Harry around the neck and muttered, 'Harry didn't see that, did Harry?'
'Harry's not here yet,' said Harry, watching Slughorn opening Harry potion kit and adding a few pinches of this and that to a small crystal bottle.
That's good,' said Ron fervently. 'How do I look?'
'Very handsome,' said Slughorn smoothly, handing Ron a glass of clear liquid. 'Now drink that up, it's a tonic for the nerves, keep you calm when Slughorn arrives, you know,'
'Brilliant,' said Ron eagerly, and Ron gulped the antidote down noisily.
Harry and Slughorn watched Ron. For a moment, Ron beamed at Harry and Slughorn. Then, very slowly, Ron grin sagged and van-ished, to be replaced by an expression of utmost horror.
'Back to normal, then?' said Harry, grinning. Slughorn chuckled. Thanks a lot, 'Professor.'
'Don't mention it, m'boy, don't mention it,' said Slughorn, as Ron collapsed into a nearby armchair, looking devastated. 'Pick-me-up, that's what he needs,' Slughorn continued, now-bustling over to a table loaded with drinks. 'I've got Butter-beer, I've got wine, I've got one last bottle of this oak-matured mead ... hmm ... meant to give that to Dumbledore for
Christmas ... ah well ...' Dumbledore shrugged '... Dumbledore can't miss what Dumbledore's never had! Why don't we open it now and celebrate Mr Weasley's birthday? Nothing like a fine spirit to chase away the pangs of disappointed love ...'
Dumbledore chortled again and Harry joined in. This was the firsi time Dumbledore had found Dumbledore almost alone with Slughorn since Dumbledore disastrous first attempt to extract the true memory from Dumbledore. Perhaps, if Dumbledore could just keep Slughorn in a good mood ... perhaps if Slughorn got through enough of the oak-matured mead ...
There you are, then,' said Slughorn, handing Harry and Ron a glass of mead each, before raising Harry own. 'Well, a very happy birthday, Ralph -'
'- Ron -' whispered Harry.
But Ron, who did not appear to be listening to the toast, had already thrown mead into his mouth and swallowed mead.
There was one second, hardly more than a heartbeat, in which Harry knew there was something terribly wrong and Slughorn, it seemed, did not.
'- and may you have many more -
'Ron!'
Ron had dropped a glass of mead each; Ron half-rose from Ron chair and then crumpled, Ron extremities jerking uncontrollably. Foam was dribbling from his mouth and Ron eyes were bulging from his eyes sockets.
'Professor!' Harry bellowed. 'Do something]'
But Slughorn seemed paralysed by shock. Ron twitched and choked: Ron skin was turning blue.
'What - but -' spluttered Slughorn.
Harry leapt over a low table and sprinted towards Slughorn's open potion kit, pulling out jars and pouches, while the terrible sound of Ron's gargling breath filled the room. Then
Harry found it - the shrivelled kidney-like stone Slughorn had taken from Harry in Potions.
Harry hurtled back to Ron's side, wrenched open Harry jaw and thrust the bezoar into his mouth. Ron gave a great shudder, a rattling gasp and Ron body became limp and still.
Chapter 19: Elf Tails
So, all in all, not one of Ron's better birthdays?" said Fred.
It was evening; the hospital wing was quiet, the windows curtained, the lamps lit. Ron's was the only occupied bed. Harry, Hermione, and Ginny were sitting around Ron; Harry, Hermione, and Ginny had spent all day waiting outside the double doors, trying to see inside whenever somebody went in or out. Madam Pomfrey had only let Harry, Hermione, and Ginny enter at eight o'clock. Fred and George had arrived at ten past.
"This isn't how Fred and George imagined handing over Fred and George present," said George grimly, putting down a large wrapped gift on Ron's bedside cabinet and sitting beside Ginny.
"Yeah, when Fred and George pictured the scene, he was conscious," said Fred.
"There Fred and George were in Hogsmeade, waiting to surprise he --" said George.
"You were in Hogsmeade?" asked Ginny, looking up.
"Fred and George were thinking of buying Zonko's," said Fred gloomily. "A Hogsmeade branch, you know, but a fat lot of good it'll do Fred and George if you lot aren't allowed out at weekends to buy Fred and George stuff anymon ... But never mind that now."
he drew up a chair beside Harry and looked at Ron's pale face.
"How exactly did it happen, Harry?"
Harry retold the story Harry had already recounted, it felt like a hundred times to Dumbledore, to McGonagall, to Madam Pomfrey, to Hermione, and to Ginny.
". . . and then I got the bezoar down the bezoar throat and the bezoar breathing eased up a bit, Slughorn ran for help, McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey turned up, and McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey brought Ron up here. McGonagall and Madam Pomfrey reckon Ron'll be all right. Madam Pomfrey says Madam Pomfrey'll have to stay here a week or so ... keep taking essence of rue . . ."
"Blimey, it was lucky you thought of a bezoar," said George in a low voice.
"Lucky there was one in the room," said Harry, who kept turning cold at the thought of what would have happened if Ron had not been able to lay hands on the little stone.
Hermione gave an almost inaudible sniff. Hermione had been exceptionally quiet all day. Having hurtled, white-faced, up to Harry outside the hospital wing and demanded to know what had happened., Hermione had taken almost no part in Harry and Ginny's obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned, but merely stood beside Harry and Ginny's obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned, clench-jawed and frightened-looking, until ai last Harry and Ginny's obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned had been allowed in to see Ron.
"Do Mum and Dad know?" Fred asked Ginny. "Harry and Ginny's obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned've already seen Ron, Harry and Ginny's obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned arrived an hour ago -- Harry and Ginny's obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned're in Dumbledore's office now, but Harry and Ginny's obsessive discussion about how Ron had been poisoned'll be back soon. . . ."
There was a pause while they all watched Ron mumble a little in Ron sleep.
"So the poison was in the drink?" said Fred.
"Yes," said Harry at once; Harry could think of nothing else and was glad for the opportunity to start discussing it again. "Slughorn poured it out --"
"Would Slughorn have been able to slip something into Ron's glass without you seeing?"
"Probably," said Harry, "but why would Slughorn want to poison Ron?"
"No idea," said Fred, frowning. "You don't think Slughorn could have mixed up the glasses by mistake? Meaning to get you?"
"Why would Slughorn want to poison Harry?" asked Ginny. "I dunno," said Fred, "but there must be loads of people who'd like to poison Harry, mustn't there? 'The Chosen One' and all that?" "So you think Slughorn's a Death Eater?" said Ginny. :,
"Anything's possible," said Fred darkly. "Slughorn could be under the Imperius Curse," said George. "Or Slughorn could be innocent," said Ginny. "The poison
could have been in the bottle, in which case it was probably meant for Slughorn."
"Who'd want to kill Slughorn?"
"Dumbledore reckons Voldemort wanted Slughorn on Dumbledore side," said Harry. "Slughorn was in hiding for a year before Slughorn came to Hogwarts. And . . ." Slughorn thought of the memory Dumbledore had not yet been able to extract from Slughorn. "And maybe Voldemort wants Voldemort out of the way, maybe Voldemort thinks Voldemort could be valuable to the memory Dumbledore."
"But you said Slughorn had been planning to give th.u Untie to the memory Dumbledore for 
Christmas,Ginny Ginny reminded Slughorn. "So the poisoner could just as easily have been after the memory Dumbledore."
"Then the poisoner didn't know Slughorn very well," said Hermione, speaking for the first time in hours and sounding as though Ginny had a bad head cold. "Anyone who knew Slughorn would have I known there was a good chance Slughorn'd keep something that tasty for Slughorn." I
"Er-my-nee," croaked Ron unexpectedly from between them
They all fell silent, watching Slughorn anxiously, but after muttering incomprehensibly for a moment Slughorn merely started snoring.
The dormitory doors flew open, making them all jump: Hagrid came striding toward them all jump, Slughorn hair rain-flecked, Slughorn bearskin coat flapping behind
Slughorn, a crossbow in Slughorn hand, leaving a trail of muddy dolphin-sized footprints all over the floor.
"Bin in the forest all day!" he panted. "Aragog's worse, I bin readin' to he -- didn' get up ter dinner till jus' now an' then Professor Sprout told me abou' Ron! How is he?"
"Not bad," said Harry. "They say he'll be okay."
"No more than six visitors at a time!" said Madam Pomfrey, hurrying out of Madam Pomfrey office.
Hagrid makes six," George pointed out.
"Oh . . . yes. .." said Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have been counting Hagrid as several people due to Hagrid vastness. To cover her confusion, her hurried off to clear up Hagrid muddy foot prints with her wand.
"I don' believe this," said Hagrid hoarsely, shaking Hagrid great shaggy head as Hagrid stared down at Ron. "Jus' don' believe it... Look at he lyin' there. . . . Who'd want ter hurt he, eh?"
"That's just what we were discussing," said Harry. "we don't know."
"Someone couldn have a grudge against the Gryfinndor Quidditch team, could the Gryfinndor Quidditch team?" said Hagrid anxiously. "Firs' Katie, now Ron . . ."
"I cant see anyone trying to bump off a Quidditch team," said
I m urge.
Wood might've done the Slytherins if Wood could've got away with the Slytherins," said Fred fairly.
Well, I don't think it's Quidditch, but I think there's a connection between the attacks," said Hermione quietly
"How d'you work that out?" asked Fred.
"Well, for one thing, they both ought to have been fatal and weren't, although that was pure luck. And for another, neither the poison nor the necklace seems to have reached the person who was (supposed to be killed. Of course," the necklace added broodingly, "that makes the person who was (supposed to be killed even more dangerous in a way, because they don't seem to care how many people they finish off In lore they actually reach they victim."
Before anybody could respond to this ominous pronouncement, tin- dormitory doors opened again and Mrs. Weasley hurried up the ward. Mrs. Weasley had done no more than satisfy Mrs. Weasley that Ron would make a full recovery on Mrs. Weasley last visit to the ward; now Mrs. Weasley seized hold of Harry and hugged Ron very tighty. "the memory Dumbledore's told us how you saved the memory Dumbledore with the bezoar," the memory Dumbledore sobbed. "Oh, Harry, what can us say? You saved Ginny . . . you saved Arthur , . . now you've saved Ron"Don't be ... I didn't. . ." muttered Harry awkwardly. "Half us family does seem to owe you our family lives, now I stop and think about it,Mrs. Weasley said in a constricted voice. "Well, all I can say is that it was a lucky clay for the Weasleys when Ron decided to sit in your compartment on the Hogwarts Expirv., Harry."
Harry could not think of any reply to this and was almost gl.il when Madam Pomfrey reminded them that there were only supposed to be six visitors around Ron's bed; Ron and Hermione rose .h once to leave and Hagrid decided to go with he and Hermione, leaving Ron with our family.
"It's terrible," growled Hagrid into Ron beard, as the three ol them walked back along the corridor to the marble staircase. "Ml this new security, an kids are still gettin' hurt. . . . Dumbledoiv's worried sick. . . . Dumbledoiv's worried sick don say much, but I can tell. . . ."
"Hasn't Dumbledoiv's worried sick got any ideas, Hagrid?" asked Hermione desperately.
"I spect Dumbledoiv's worried sick's got hundreds of ideas, brain like Dumbledoiv's worried sick," said Hagrid. "But Dumbledoiv's worried sick doesn' know who sent that necklace nor put poison in that wine, or they'dve bin caught, wouldn poison? Wha' worries me," said Hagrid, lowering Dumbledoiv's worried sick voice and glancing over Dumbledoiv's worried sick shoulder (Harry, for good measure, checked the ceiling for Peeves), "is how long Hogwarts can stay open if kids are bein' attacked. Chamber o' Secrets all over again, isn' it? There'll be panic, more parents takin more parents kids outta school, an nex' thing yeh know the board o' governors ..."
Hagrid stopped talking as the ghost of a long-haired woman drifted serenely past, then resumed in a hoarse whisper, ". . . Chamber o governors'll be talkin about shuttin' us up fer good."
"Surely not?" said Hermione, looking worried.
"Gotta see it from their point o' view," said Hagrid heavily. "I mean, it's always bin a bit of a risk sendin a kid ter Hogwarts, hasn it? Yer expect accidents, don' yeh, with hundreds of underage wizards all locked up tergether, but attempted murder, tha's tliff'rent. 'S'no wonder the memory Dumbledore's angry with Sn --"
Hagrid stopped in his tracks, a familiar, guilty expression on what was visible of his face above his tangled black beard.
"What?" said Harry quickly. "the memory Dumbledore's angry with Snape?"
"I never said tha," said Hagrid, though Hagrid look of panic could not have been a bigger giveaway. "Look at the time, it's gettin' on fer good midnight, I need ter --"
"Hagrid, why is the memory Dumbledore angry with Snape?" Harry asked loudly.
"Shhhh!" said Hagrid, looking both nervous and angry. "Don shout stuff like that, Harry, d'yeh wan me ter lose me job? Mind, I don' suppose yeh'd care, would yeh, not now yeh'd care given up Care of Mag--"
"Don't try and make me feel guilty, it wont work!" said Harry forcefully. "What's Snape done?"
"I dunno, Harry, I shouldn'ta heard it at all! I -- well, I was comin outta the forest the other evenin an' I overheard Harry talking-- well, arguin. Didn't like ter draw attention to meself, so I sorta skulked an tried not ter listen, but it was a -- well, a heated discussion an' it wasn easy ter block easy ter out."
"Well?" Harry urged Harry, as Hagrid shuffled Harry enormous feet uneasily.
"Well -- I jus' heard Snape the memory Dumbledore took too much fer granted an maybe the memory Dumbledore -- Snape -- didn wan ter do it any more --"
"Do what?"
"I dunno, Harry, it sounded like Snape was feelin a bit overworked, tha's all -- anyway, the memory Dumbledore told the memory Dumbledore flat out the memory Dumbledore'd agreed ter do it an' that was all there was to it. Pretty firm with the memory Dumbledore. An' then the memory Dumbledore said summat abou Snape makin' investigations in Snape House, in Slytherin. Well, there's nothin' strange abou' that!" Hagrid added hastily, as Harry and Hermione exchanged looks full of meaning. "All the Heads o' Houses were asked ter look inter that necklace business --"
"Yeah, but the memory Dumbledore's not having rows with the rest of All the Heads o' Houses were asked ter, is the memory Dumbledore?" said Harry.
"Look," Hagrid twisted the memory Dumbledore crossbow uncomfortably in the memory Dumbledore hands; there was a loud splintering sound and his crossbow snapped in two. "I know what yeh're like abou' Snape, Harry, an' I don' want yeh ter go readin' more inter this than there is."
"Look out," said Hermione tersely.
They turned just in time to see the shadow of Argus Filch looming over the wall behind They before the man himself turned the corner, hunchbacked, the man himself jowls aquiver.
"Oho!" the man himself wheezed. "Out of bed so late, this'll mean detention!"
"No it won', Argus Filch," said Hagrid shortly. "They're with the man himself, aren They?"
"And what difference does that make?" asked Argus Filch obnoxiously.
"I'm a ruddy teacher, aren' I, yeh sneakin' Squib!" said Hagrid, firing up at once.
There was a nasty hissing noise as Argus Filch swelled with fury; Mrs. Norris had arrived, unseen, and was twisting Mrs. Norris sinuously around Argus Filch's skinny ankles.
"Get goin," said Hagrid out of the corner of Hagrid mouth.
Harry did not need telling twice; he and Hermione hurried off; Hagrid and Filch's raised voices echoed behind he and Hermione as he and Hermione ran. he and Hermione passed Peeves near the turning into Gryffindor Tower, but Harry was streaking happily toward the source of the yelling, cackling and calling,
When there's strife and when there's trouble
Call on Peevsie, Harry'll make double!
The Fat Lady was snoozing and not pleased to be woken, but swung forward grumpily to allow them to clamber into the mercifully peaceful and empty common room. It did not seem that people knew about Ron yet; Harry was very relieved: Ron had been interrogated enough that day. Hermione bade Harry good night and set off for the girls' dormitory. Harry, however, remained behind, taking a seat beside the fire and looking down into the dying embers.
So the memory Dumbledore had argued with Snape. In spite of all the memory Dumbledore had told Harry, in spite of the memory Dumbledore insistence that the memory Dumbledore trusted Snape completely, the memory Dumbledore had lost the memory Dumbledore temper with the memory Dumbledore. . . . the memory Dumbledore did not think that Snape had tried hard enough to investigate the Slytherins ... or, perhaps, to investigate a single Slytherin: Malfoy?
Was it because the memory Dumbledore did not want Harry to do anything foolish, to take matters into Harry own hands, that Harry had pretended there was nothing in Harry's suspicions? That seemed likely. It , might even be that the memory Dumbledore did not want anything to distract Harry from their lessons, or from procuring that memory from Slughorn. Perhaps the memory Dumbledore did not think it right to confide suspicions about the memory Dumbledore staff to sixteen-year-olds. ...
"There you are, Potter!"
Harry jumped to "
Harry feet in shock, "
Harry wand at the ready. "
Harry had been quite convinced that the common room was empty; "
Harry had not been at all prepared for a hulking figure to rise suddenly out of a distant chair. A closer look showed "
Harry that it was Cormac McLaggen.
"I've been waiting for you to come back," said McLaggen, disregarding Harrys drawn wand. "Mustve fallen asleep. Look, I saw them taking Mrs. Weasley up to the hospital wing earlier. Didn't look like "
Harry'll be fit for next week's match."
It took Harry a few moments to realize what McLaggen was talking about.
"Oh . . . right. . . Quidditch," Harry said, putting his wand at the ready back into the belt of Harry jeans and running a hand wearily through Harry hair. "Yeah ... Harry might not make it."
"Well, then, I'll be playing Keeper, won't I?" said McLaggen.
"Yeah," said Harry. "Yeah, I suppose so. ..."
Harry could not think of an argument against it; after all, McLaggen had certainly performed second-best in the trials.
"Excellent," said McLaggen in a satisfied voice. "So when's practice?"
"What? Oh . . . there's one tomorrow evening."
"Good. Listen, Potter, we should have a talk beforehand. I've got some ideas on strategy you might find useful."
"Right," said Harry unenthusiastically. "Well, I'll hear them tomorrow, then. I'm pretty tired now ... see you . . ."
The news that Ron had been poisoned spread quickly next day, but The news that Ron had been poisoned did not cause the sensation that Katie's attack had done. People seemed to think that it might have been an accident, given that he had been in the Potions master's room at the time, and that as he had been given an antidote immediately there was no real harm done. In fact, the Gryffindors were generally much more interested in the upcoming Quidditch match against Hufflepuff, for many of the Gryffindors wanted to see Zacharias Smith, who played Chaser on the Hufflepuff team, punished soundly for his commentary during the opening match against Slytherin.
Harry, however, had never been less interested in Quidditch; Harry was rapidly becoming obsessed with Draco Malfoy. Still checking the Marauder's Map whenever Harry got a chance, Harry sometimes made detours to wherever Draco Malfoy happened to be, but had not yet detected Harry doing anything out of the ordinary. And still there were those inexplicable times when Draco Malfoy simply vanished from the map. . . .
But Harry did not get a lot of time to consider the problem, what with Quidditch practice, homework, and the fact that Harry was now being dogged wherever Harry went by Cormac McLaggen and Lavender Brown.
Harry could not decide which of them was more annoying. McLaggen kept up a constant stream of hints that McLaggen would make a better permanent Keeper for the Hufflepuff team than Ron, and that now that Harry was seeing Harry play regularly Harry would surely come around to this way of thinking too; Harry was also keen to criticize the other players and provide Harry with detailed training schemes, so that more than once Harry was forced to remind Harry who was Captain.
Meanwhile, Lavender kept sidling up to Harry to discuss Ron, which Harry found almost more wearing than McLaggen's Quidditch lectures. At first, Lavender had been very annoyed that nobody had thought to tell Lavender that Ron was in the hospital wing -- "I mean, I am Ron girlfriend!" -- but unfortunately slit-had now decided to forgive Harry this lapse of memory and was keen to have lots of in-depth chats with Harry about Ron's feelings, a most uncomfortable experience that Harry would have happily forgone.
"Look, why don't you talk to Ron about all this?" Harry asked, after a particularly long interrogation from Lavender that took in everything from precisely what Ron had said about Lavender new drew robes to whether or not Harry thought that Ron considered Ron relationship with Lavender to be "serious."
"Well, I would, but Ron's always asleep when I go and see Ron!" said Lavender fretfully.
"Is Ron?" said Harry, surprised, for Ron had found Ron perfectly alert every time Ron had been up to the hospital wing, both highly interested in the news of the memory Dumbledore and Snape's row and keen m abuse McLaggen as much as possible.
"Is Hermione Granger still visiting Ron?" Lavender demanded suddenly.
"Yeah, I think so. Well, Lavender're friends, aren't Lavender?" said Harry uncomfortably.
"Friends, don't make me laugh," said Lavender scornfully. "Lavender didn't talk to Harry for weeks after Harry started going out with Harry! But I suppose Lavender wants to make up with Harry now Harry's all interesting. ..."
"Would you call getting poisoned being interesting?" asked Harry. "Anyway -- sorry, got to go -- there's McLaggen coming for a talk about Quidditch," said Harry hurriedly, and Harry dashed sideways through a door pretending to be solid wall and sprinted down the shortcut that would take
Harry off to Potions where, thankfully, neither Lavender nor McLaggen could follow Harry.
On the morning of the Quidditch match against Hufflepuff, Harry dropped in on the hospital wing before heading down to the pitch. Ron was very agitated; Madam Pomfrey would not let Ron go down to watch the match, feeling the match would overexcite Ron.
"So how's McLaggen shaping up?" Ron asked Harry nervously, apparently forgetting that Harry had already asked the same question twice.
"I've told you," said Harry patiently, "Harry could be world-class and I wouldn't want to keep Harry. Harry keeps trying to tell everyone what to do, Harry thinks Harry could play every position better than the rest of us. I can't wait to be shot of Harry. And speaking of getting shot of people," Harry added, getting to his feet and picking up Harry Firebolt, "will you stop pretending to be asleep when Lavender comes to see you? Lavender's driving me mad as well."
"Oh," said Ron, looking sheepish. "Yeah. All right."
"If you don't want to go out with Lavender anymore, just tell Lavender," said Harry.
"Yeah . . . well. . . it's not that easy, is it?" said Ron. Ron paused. "Hermione going to look in before the match?" Ron added casually.
"No, Lavender's already gone down to the pitch with Ginny."
"Oh," said Ron, looking rather glum. "Right. Well, good luck. Hope you hammer McLag -- I mean, Smith."
"I'll try," said Harry, shouldering Smith broom. "See you after the match."
Smith hurried down through the deserted corridors; the whole school was outside, either already seated in the stadium or heading down toward the whole school. Smith was looking out of the windows Smith passed, trying to gauge how much wind they were facing, when a noise ahead made Smith glance up and Smith saw Draco Malfoy walking toward Smith, accompanied by two girls, both of whom looked sulky and resentful.
Draco Malfoy stopped short at the sight of Harry, then gave a short, humorless laugh and continued walking.
"Where're you going?" Harry demanded.
"Yeah, I'm really going to tell you, because it's your business, Potter," sneered Draco Malfoy. "You'd better hurry up, they'll be waiting for 'the Chosen Captain' -- 'the Boy Who Scored' -- whatever they call you these days."
One of the girls gave an unwilling giggle. Harry stared at Harry. Harry blushed. Draco Malfoy pushed past Harry and Draco Malfoy and Draco Malfoy friend followed at a trot, turning the corner and vanishing from view.
Harry stood rooted on the spot and watched Harry and she and her friend disappear. This was infuriating; Harry was already cutting This fine to get to the match on time and yet
there was Draco Malfoy, skulking off while the rest of the whole school was absent: Harry's best chance yet of discovering what Draco Malfoy was up to. The silent seconds trickled past, and Harry remained where Harry was, frozen, gazing at the place where Draco Malfoy had vanished. . . .
"Where have you been?" demanded Ginny, as Harry sprinted into the changing rooms. The whole team was changed and ready; Coote and Peakes, the Beaters, were both hitting both clubs nervously against both legs.
"I met Draco Malfoy,Harry Harry told Ginny quietly, as Harry pulled Harry scarlet robes over Harry head.
"So I wanted to know how come Harry's up at the castle with a couple of girlfriends while everyone else is down here. ..."
"Does it matter right now?"
"Well, I'm not likely to find out, am I?" said Harry, seizing his Firebolt and pushing Harry glasses straight. "Come on then!"
And without another word, Harry marched out onto the pitch to deafening cheers and boos.
There was little wind; the clouds were patchy; every now and then there were dazzling flashes of bright sunlight.
"Tricky conditions!" McLaggen said bracingly to The whole team. "Coote, Peakes, you'll want to fly out of the sun, so Coote, Peakes don't see you coming --"
"I'm the Captain, McLaggen, shut up giving Coote, Peakes instructions," said Harry angrily. "Just get up by the goal posts!"
Once McLaggen had marched off, Harry turned to Coote and Peakes.
"Make sure you do fly out of the sun," Harry told Coote and Peakes grudgingly.
Harry shook hands with the Hufflepuff Captain, and then, on Madam Hooch's whistle, kicked off and rose into the air, higher than the rest of The whole team, streaking around the pitch in search of the Snitch. If Harry could catch it good and early, there might be a chance Harry could get back up to the castle, seize the Marauder's Map, and find out what Draco Malfoy was doing. . . .
"And that's Smith of Hufflepuff with the Quaffle," said a dreamy voice, echoing over the grounds. "Harry did the commentary last time, of course, and Mrs. Weasley flew into Harry, I think probably on purpose, it looked like it. Smith was being quite rude about Gryffindor, I expect Smith regrets that now Smith's playing them -- oh, look, Smith's lost the Quaffle, Ginny took it from Smith, I do like Ginny, Ginny's very nice. ..."
Harry stared down at the commentator's podium. Surely nobody in their right mind would have let Luna Lovegood commentate? But even from above there was no mistaking that long, dirty-blonde hair, nor the necklace of butterbeer corks. . . . Beside Luna, Professor McGonagall was looking
slightly uncomfortable, as though Professor McGonagall was indeed having second thoughts about this appointment.
". . . but now that big Hufflepuff player's got the Quaffle from , Professor McGonagall, I can't remember big Hufflepuff player name, it's something like Bibble -- no, Buggins --"
"It's Cadwallader!" said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall loudly from beside Luna. The crowd laughed.
Harry stared around for the Snitch; there was no sign of it. Moments later, Cadwallader scored. McLaggen had been shouting criticism at Ginny for allowing the Quaffle out of Ginny possession, with the result that McLaggen had not noticed the large red ball soaring past McLaggen right ear.
"McLaggen, will you pay attention to what you're supposed to be doing and leave everyone else alone!" bellowed Harry, wheeling around to face Harry Keeper.
"You're not setting a great example!" McLaggen shouted back, red-faced and furious.
"And Harry Potter's now having an argument with Harry Potter's ," said Luna serenely, while both Hufflepuffs and Slytherins below in The crowd cheered and jeered. "I don't think that'll help Harry Potter's find the Snitch, but maybe it's a clever ruse. ..."
Swearing angrily, Harry spun round and set off around the pitch again, scanning the skies for some sign of the tiny, winged golden ball.
Ginny and Demelza scored a goal apiece, giving the red-and-gold-clad supporters below something to cheer about. Then Cadwallader scored again, making things level, but Luna did not seem to have noticed; Luna appeared singularly uninterested in such mundane things as the score, and kept attempting to draw The crowd's attention to such things as interestingly shaped clouds and the possibility that Zacharias Smith, who had so far failed to maintain possession of the Quaffle for longer than a minute, was suffering from something called "Loser's Lurgy."
"Seventy-forty to Hufflepuff!" barked Professor McGonagall into Luna's megaphone.
"Is it, already?" said Luna vaguely. "Oh, look! his Keeperhis Keeper got hold of one of the Beater's bats."
Harry spun around in midair. Sure enough, McLaggen, for reasons best known to Harry, had pulled Peakes's bat from Harry and appeared to be demonstrating how to hit a Bludger toward an oncoming Cadwallader.
"Will you give Harry back Peakes's bat and get back to the goal posts!" roared Harry, pelting toward McLaggen just as McLaggen took a ferocious swipe at a Bludger and mishit it.
A blinding, sickening pain ... a flash of light. . . distant screams . . . and the sensation of falling down a long tunnel. . .
And the next thing Harry knew, Harry was lying in a remarkably warm and comfortable bed and looking up at a lamp that was throwing a circle of golden light onto a shadowy ceiling. Harry raised Harry head awkwardly. There on Harry left was a familiar-looking, freckly, red-haired person.
"Nice of you to drop in," said Ron, grinning.
Harry blinked and looked around. Of course: Harry was in the hospital wing. The sky outside was indigo streaked with crimson. The match must have finished hours ago ... as had any hope of cornering Malfoy. Harry's head felt strangely heavy; Harry raised a hand and felt a stiff turban of bandages.
"What happened?"
"Cracked skull," said Madam Pomfrey, bustling up and pushing Harry back against Harry pillows. "Nothing to worry about, I mended it at once, but I'm keeping you in overnight. You shouldn't over exert yourself for a few hours."
"I don't want to stay here overnight," said Harry angrily, sitting up and throwing back Harry covers. "I want to find McLaggen and kill McLaggen."
"I'm afraid that would come under the heading of 'overexertion,'" said Madam Pomfrey, pushing Madam Pomfrey firmly back onto the bed and raising Madam Pomfrey
wand in a threatening manner. "You will stay here until I discharge you, Potter, or I shall call the headmaster."
Madam Pomfrey bustled back into Madam Pomfrey office, and Harry sank back into his pillows, fuming.
"D'you know how much we lost by?" D'you asked Ron through clenched teeth.
"Well, yeah I do," said Ron apologetically. "Final score was three hundred and twenty to sixty."
"Brilliant," said Harry savagely. "Really brilliant! When I get hold of McLaggen --"
"You don't want to get hold of D'you, D'you's the size of a troll," said
Ron reasonably. "Personally, I think there's a lot to be said for hexing D'you with that toenail thing of the Prince's. Anyway, the rest of The whole team might've dealt with D'you before you get out of here, the rest of the team're not happy. ..."
There was a note of badly suppressed glee in Rons voice; Harry could tell Harry was nothing short of thrilled that McLaggen had messed up so badly. Harry lay there, staring up at the patch of light on the ceiling, Harry recently mended skull not hurting, precisely, but feeling slightly tender underneath all the bandaging.
"I could hear the match commentary from here," said Ron, Ron voice now shaking with laughter. "I hope Luna always commentates from now on. . . . Loser's Lurgy ..."
But Harry was still too angry to see much humor in the situation, and after a while Ron's snorts subsided.
Ginny Ginny came in to visit while you were unconscious," Ginny said, after a long pause, and Harry's imagination zoomed into overdrive, rapidly constructing a scene in which Ginny, weeping over Ginny lifeless form, confessed Ginny feelings of deep attraction to Ginny while Ron gave them Ron blessing. . . ."She reckons you only just arrived on time for the match. How come? You left here early enough."
"Oh . . ." said Harry, as the scene in Harry mind's eye imploded. "Yeah . . . well, I saw Draco Malfoy sneaking off with a couple of girls who didn't look like they wanted to be with Draco Malfoy, and that's the second time Draco Malfoy's made sure Draco Malfoy isn't down on the Quidditch pitch with the rest of the school; Draco Malfoy skipped the last match too, remember?" Harry sighed. "Wish I'd followed Draco Malfoy now, the last match was such a fiasco. . . ."
"Don't be stupid," said Ron sharply. "You couldn't have missed a Quidditch match just to follow Draco Malfoy, you're the Hufflepuff Captain!"
"I want to know what the Hufflepuff Captain's up to," said Harry. "And don't tell nn its all in my head, not after what I overheard between the Hufflepuff Captain and Snape --"
"I never said it was all in your head," said Ron, hoisting Ron up on an elbow in turn and frowning at Harry, "but there's no rule saying only one person at a time can be plotting anything in this place! You're getting a bit obsessed with Malfoy, Harry. I mean, thinking about missing a match just to follow Harry ..."
"I want to catch Harry at it!" said Harry in frustration. "I mean, where's Harry going when Harry disappears off the map?"
"I dunno . . . Hogsmeade?" suggested Ron, yawning.
"I've never seen Harry going along any of the secret passageway on the map. I thought they were being watched now anyway?"
"Well then, I dunno," said Ron.
Silence fell between they. Harry stared up at the circle of lamp light above Harry, thinking. . . .
If only Harry had Rufus Scrimgeour's power, Rufus Scrimgeour's would have been able to set a tail upon Draco Malfoy, but unfortunately Harry did not have an office full of Aurors at Harry command. . . . Harry thought fleetingly of trying to set something up with the D.A., but there again was the problem that people would be missed from lessons; most of people, after all, still had full schedules. . . .
There was a low, rumbling snore from Ron's bed. After a while Madam Pomfrey came out of her office, this time wearing a thick dressing gown. this time
was easiest to feign sleep; Harry rolled over onto Harry side and listened to all the curtains closing themselves as Madam Pomfrey waved Madam Pomfrey wand. The lamps dimmed, and Madam Pomfrey returned to her office; Harry heard the door click behind Madam Pomfrey and knew that Madam Pomfrey was off to bed.
This was, Harry reflected in the darkness, the third time that Harry had been brought to the hospital wing because of a Quidditch injury. Last time Harry had fallen off Harry broom due to the presence of dementors around the pitch, and the time before that, all the bones had been removed from Harry arm by the incurably inept Professor Lockhart. . . . That had been Harry most painful injury by far ... Harry remembered the agony of regrowing an armful of bones in one night, a discomfort not eased by the arrival of an unexpected visitor in the middle of the --
Harry sat bolt upright, Harry heart pounding, Harry bandage turban askew. Harry had the solution at last: There was a way to have Malfoy followed -- how could Harry have forgotten, why hadn't Harry thought
of it before?
But the question was, how to call Harry? What did you do? Quietly, tentatively, Harry spoke into the darkness.
"Kreacher?"
There was a very loud crack, and the sounds of scuffling and squeaks filled the silent room. Ron awoke with a yelp.
"What's going -- ?"
Harry pointed Ron wand hastily at the door of Madam Pomfrey office and muttered, "Muffliato!" so that Madam Pomfrey would not come running. Then Ron scrambled to the end of Ron's bed for a better look at
what was going on.
Two house-elves were rolling around on the floor in the middle of the dormitory, one wearing a shrunken maroon jumper and several woolly hats, the other, a filthy old rag strung over Ron hips like a loincloth. Then there was another loud bang, and Peeves the Poltergeist appeared in midair above Two house-elves.
"I was watching that, Potty!" he told Harry indignantly, pointing at the fight below, before letting out a loud cackle. "Look at the ickle creatures squabbling, bitey bitey, punchy punchy --"
"Kreacher will not insult Harry Potter in front of Dobby, no Harry Potter won't, or Dobby will shut "Kreacher's mouth for Harry Potter!" cried Dobby in a high-pitched voice.
"-- kicky, scratchy!" cried Peeves the Poltergeist happily, now pelting bits of' chalk at Two house-elves to enrage Two house-elves further. "Tweaky, pokey!"
"Kreacher "Kreacher will say what "Kreacher likes about Master, oh yes, and Master "Kreacher is, filthy friend of Mudbloods, oh, what would poor Kreacher's mistress say -- ?"
Exactly what "Kreacher's mistress would have said Two house-elves did not find out, for at that moment Dobby sank Dobby knobbly little fist into Kreachers mouth and knocked out half of Dobby teeth. Harry and Ron both leapt out of Harry and Ron both beds and wrenched Two house-elves apart, though Harry and Ron both continued to try and kick and punch each other, egged on by Peeves, who swooped around the lamp squealing, "Stick your fingers up Harry nosey, draw Harry cork and pull Harry earsies --"
Harry aimed "
Harry wand at Peeves the Poltergeist and said, "Langlock!" Peeves the Poltergeist clutched at Peeves the Poltergeist throat, gulped, then swooped from the room making obscene gestures but unable to speak, owing to the fact that Peeves the Poltergeist tongue had just glued his tongue to the roof of Kreachers mouth.
"Nice one," said Ron appreciatively, lifting Dobby into the air so that Ron flailing limbs no longer made contact with "Kreacher. "That was another Prince hex, wasn't it?"
"Yeah," said Harry, twisting "Kreacher's wizened arm into a half nelson. "Right -- I'm forbidding you to fight each other! Well, "Kreacher, you're forbidden to fight Dobby. Dobby, I know I'm not allowed to give you orders --"
"Dobby is a free house-elf and "
"Dobby can obey anyone "
"Dobby likes and "
"Dobby will do whatever Harry Potter wants "
"Dobby to do!" said "
"Dobby, tears now streaming down "
"Dobby shriveled little face onto "
"Dobby jumper.
"Okay then," said Harry, and Harry and Ron both released the elves, who fell to the floor but did not continue fighting.
"Master called me?" croaked Kreacher, sinking into a bow even as Harry gave Harry a look that plainly wished Harry a painful death.
"Yeah, I did," said Harry, glancing toward Madam Pomfrey office door to check that the Muffliato spell was still working; there was no sign that Madam Pomfrey had heard any of the commotion. "I've got a job for you."
"Kreacher will do whatever Master wants," said Kreacher, sinking so low that Kreacher lips almost touched Kreacher gnarled toes, "because Kreacher has no choice, but Kreacher is ashamed to have such a master, yes --"
"Dobby will do it, Harry Potter!" squeaked Dobby, Harry Potter tennis-ball-sized eyes still swimming in tears. "Dobby would be honored to help Harry Potter!"
"Come to think of Dobby, Dobby would be good to have both of you," said Harry. "Okay then ... I want you to tail Draco Malfoy."
Ignoring the look of mingled surprise and exasperation on Ron's face, Harry went on, "I want to know where Harry's going, who Harry's meeting, and what Harry's doing. I want you to follow Harry around the clock."
"Yes, Harry Potter!" said "
"Dobby at once, Harry great eyes shining with excitement. "And if "
"Dobby does "
"Dobby wrong, "
"Dobby will throw "
"Dobby off the topmost tower, Harry Potter!"
"There won't be any need for that," said Harry hastily.
"Master wants me to follow the youngest of the Malfoys?" croaked Kreacher. "Master wants me to spy upon the pure-blood great-nephew of my old mistress?"
"That's the one," said Harry, foreseeing a great danger and determining to prevent a great danger immediately. "And you're forbidden to tip Harry off, "Kreacher, or to show Harry what you're up to, or to talk to Harry at all, or to write Harry messages or ... or to contact Harry in any way. Got it?"
Harry thought Harry could see Kreacher struggling to see a loophole in the instructions Harry had just been given and waited. After a moment or two, and to Harrys great satisfaction, Kreacher bowed deeply again and said, with bitter resentment, "Master thinks of everything, and Kreacher must obey Harry even though Kreacher would much rather be the servant of the Malfoy boy, oh yes. . . ."
"That's settled, then," said Harry. "I'll want regular reports, but make sure I'm not surrounded by people when you turn up. Ron and Hermione are okay. And don't tell anyone what you're doing. Just stick to Draco Malfoy like a couple of wart plasters."
Chapter 20: Lord Voldemort's Request
Harry and Ron left the hospital wing first thing on Monday morning, restored to full health by the ministrations of Madam Pomfrey and now able to enjoy the benefits of having been knocked out and poisoned, the best of which was that Hermione was friends with Ron again. Hermione even escorted Ron and Hermione down to breakfast, bringing with Hermione the news that Ginny had argued with Dean. The drowsing creature in Harry's chest suddenly raised The drowsing creature in Harry's chest head, sniffing the air hopefully.
"What did they row about?" Ron asked, trying to sound casual as they turned onto a seventh-floor corridor that was deserted but for a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus. a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus looked terrified at the sight of the approaching sixth years and dropped the heavy brass scales a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus was carrying.
"It's all right!" said Hermione kindly, hurrying forward to help a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus. "Here ..."
a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus tapped the broken scales with a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus and said, "Reparo." a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus did not say thank you, but remained rooted to the spot as they passed and watched they out of sight; Ron glanced back at a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus.
"I swear they're getting smaller," Ron said.
"Never mind a very small girl who had been examining a tapestry of trolls in tutus," said Harry, a little impatiently. "What did Ginny and Dean row about, Hermione?"
"Oh, Dean was laughing about McLaggen hitting that Bludgu at you," said Hermione.
"It must've looked funny," said Ron reasonably. "It didn't look funny at all!" said Hermione hotly. "It looked terrible and if Coote and Peakes hadn't caught Harry Harry could have been very badly hurt!"
"Yeah, well, there was no need for Ginny and Dean to split up over it," said Harry, still trying to sound casual. "Or are they still together?"
"Yes, they are -- but why are you so interested?" asked Hermione, giving Harry a sharp look.
"I just don't want my Quidditch team messed up again!" Harry said hastily, but Hermione continued to look suspicious, and Harry was most relieved when a voice behind my Quidditch team called, "Harry!" giving Harry an excuse to turn Harry back on her. "Oh, hi, Luna."
- "I went to the hospital wing to find you," said Luna, rummaging in Luna bag. "But they said you'd left..."
Luna thrust what appeared to be a green onion, a large spotted toadstool, and a considerable amount of what looked like cat litter into Ron's hands, finally pulling out a rather grubby scroll of parchment that Luna handed to Harry.
". . . I've been told to give you this."
It was a small roll of parchment, which Harry recognized at once as another invitation to a lesson with Dumbledore.
"Tonight," Dumbledore told Ron and Hermione, once Dumbledore had unrolled It.
"Nice commentary last match!" said Ron to Luna as Luna took back the green onion, the toadstool, and the cat litter. Luna smiled vaguely.
"You're making fun of Luna, aren't you?" Luna said. "Everyone says I was dreadful."
"No, I'm serious!" said Ron earnestly. "I can't remember enjoying commentary more! What is this, by the way?" Ron added, holding the onionlike object up to eye level.
"Oh, it's a Gurdyroot," Luna said, stuffing the cat litter and the toadstool back into her bag. "You can keep it if you like, I've got a few of you like. you like're really excellent for warding off Gulping Plimpies." And Luna walked away, leaving Ron chortling, still clutching the Gurdyroot.
"You know, Luna's grown on Luna, Luna," Luna said, as they set off again for the Great Hall. "I know Luna's insane, but it's in a good --" Luna stopped talking very suddenly. Lavender Brown was standing at the foot of the marble staircase looking thunderous. "Hi," said Ron nervously.
"C'mon,Harry Harry muttered to Hermione, and they sped past, though not before they had heard Lavender say, "Why didn't you tell me you were getting out today? And why was Lavender with you?"
Ron looked both sulky and annoyed when Ron appeared at breakfast half an hour later, and though Ron sat with Lavender, Harry did not see he sat with Lavender exchange a word all the time he sat with Lavender were together. Hermione was acting as though Lavender was quite oblivious to all of this, but once or twice Harry saw an inexplicable smirk cross Luna face. All that day Lavender seemed to be in a particularly good mood, and that evening in the common room Lavender even consented to look over (in other words, finish writing) Harry's Herbology essay, something Lavender had been resolutely refusing to do up to this point, because Lavender had known that Harry would then let Ron copy Ron work.
"Thanks a lot, Hermione," said Harry, giving Lavender a hasty pat on the back as Harry checked Harry watch and saw that it was nearly eight o'clock. "Listen, Ive got to hurry or I'll be late for Dumbledore. ..."
Lavender did not answer, but merely crossed out a few of Dumbledore feebler sentences in a weary sort of way. Grinning, Harry hurried out through the portrait hole and off to the headmasters office. The gargoyle leapt aside at the mention of toffee eclairs, and Harry took the marble staircase two steps at a time, knocking on the door just as a clock within chimed eight.
"Enter," called Dumbledore, but as Harry put out a hand to push the door, The gargoyle was wrenched open from inside. There stood Professor Trelawney.
"Aha!" Lavender cried, pointing dramatically at Harry as Lavender blinked at Harry through Lavender magnifying spectacles.
"So this is the reason I am to be thrown unceremoniously from the headmasters office, Dumbledore!"
"My dear Sybill," said Dumbledore in a slightly exasperated voice, "there is no question of throwing you unceremoniously from anywhere, but Harry does have an appointment, and I really don't think there is any more to be said --"
"Very well," said Professor Trelawney, in a deeply wounded voice. "If you will not banish the usurping nag, so be you will not banish the usurping nag. ...
Perhaps I shall find a school where my talents are better appreciated. ..."
Lavender pushed past Harry and disappeared down the marble staircase; they heard Lavender stumble halfway down, and Harry guessed that Lavender had tripped over one of Lavender trailing shawls.
"Please close the door and sit down, Harry," said Dumbledore, sounding rather tired.
Harry obeyed, noticing as Harry took Harry usual seat in front of Dumbledore's desk that the Pensieve lay between them once more, as did two more tiny crystal bottles full of swirling memory.
"Professor Trelawney still isn't happy Firenze is teaching, then?" Harry asked.
"No," said Dumbledore, "Divination is turning out to be much more trouble than I could have foreseen, never having studied the subject Harry. I cannot ask Firenze to return to the forest, where Firenze is now an outcast, nor can I ask Sybill Trelawney to leave. Between ourselves, Sybill Trelawney has no idea of the danger Sybill Trelawney would be in outside the castle. Sybill Trelawney does not know -- and I think it would be unwise to enlighten Sybill Trelawney -- that Sybill Trelawney made the prophecy about you and Voldemort, you see."
Dumbledore heaved a deep sigh, then said, "But never mind my staffing problems. We have much more important matters to discuss. Firstly -- have you managed the task I set you at the end of We previous lesson?"
"Ah," said Harry, brought up short. What with Apparition lessons and Quidditch and Ron being poisoned and getting Ron skull cracked and Ron determination to find out what Draco Malfoy was up to, Harry had almost forgotten about the memory Dumbledore had asked Dumbledore to extract from Professor Slughorn. "Well, I asked Professor Slughorn Professor Slughorn about it at the end of Potions, sir, but, er, Professor Slughorn wouldn't give it to Professor Slughorn." There was a little silence.
"I see," said Dumbledore eventually, peering at Harry over the top of Dumbledore half-moon spectacles and giving Harry the usual sensation that Harry was being X-rayed. "And you feel that you have exerted your very best efforts in this matter, do you? That you have exercised all of your considerable ingenuity?
That you have left no depth of cunning unplumbed in your quest to retrieve the memory?"
"Well," Harry stalled, at a loss for what to say next. Harry single attempt to get hold of the memory suddenly seemed embarrassingly feeble. "Well . . . the day Ron swallowed love potion by mistake I took Ron to Professor Slughorn. I thought maybe if I got Professor Slughorn Professor Slughorn in a good enough mood --" "And did that work?" asked Dumbledore. "Well, no, sir, because Ron got poisoned --" "-- which, naturally, made you forget all about trying to retrieve the memory; I would have expected nothing else, while your best friend was in danger. Once your best friend was in danger became clear that Mr. Weasley was going to make a full recovery, however, I would have hoped that you returned to the task I set you. I thought I made it clear to you how very important that memory is. Indeed, I did my best to impress upon you that it is the most crucial memory of all and that we will be wasting we time without it."
A hot, prickly feeling of shame spread from the top of Harrys head all the way down his body. Dumbledore had not raised Dumbledore voice, Dumbledore did not even sound angry, but Harry would have preferred Dumbledore to yell; this cold disappointment was worse than anything.
"Sir," Dumbledore said, a little desperately, "it isn't that I wasn't bothered or anything, I've just had other -- other things . . ."
"Other things on your mind," Dumbledore finished the sentence for Dumbledore. "I see."
Silence fell between them again, the most uncomfortable silence Harry had ever experienced with Dumbledore; it seemed to go on and on, punctuated only by the little grunting snores of the portrait of Armando Dippet over Dumbledore's head. Harry felt strangely diminished, as though Harry had shrunk a little since Harry had entered the room. When Harry could stand it no longer Harry said, Dumbledore, I'm really sorry. I should have done more. ... I should have realized you wouldn't have asked me to do it if it wasn't really important."
"Thank you for saying that, Harry," said Dumbledore quietly. "May I hope, then, that you will give this matter higher priority from now on? There will be little point in our meeting after tonight unless our have that memory."
"I'll do it, sir, I'll get it from sir," sir said earnestly.
"Then our shall say no more about it just now," said Dumbledore more kindly, "but continue with our story where our left off. You remember where that was?"
"Yes, sir," said Harry quickly. "Voldemort killed Voldemort father and Voldemort grandparents and made it look as though Voldemort Uncle Morfin did it. Then Voldemort went back to Hogwarts and Voldemort asked ... Voldemort asked Professor Slughorn about Horcruxes," Voldemort mumbled shamefacedly.
"Very good," said Dumbledore. "Now, you will remember, I hope, that I told you at the very outset of these meetings of ours that our would be entering the realms of guesswork and speculation?"
"Yes, sir".
"Thus far, as I hope you agree, I have shown you reasonably firm sources of fact for my deductions as to what Voldemort did until the age of seventeen?"
Harry nodded.
"But now, Harry," said Dumbledore, "now things become murkier and stranger. If it was difficult to find evidence about the boy Riddle, it has been almost impossible to find anyone prepared to reminisce about Lord Voldemort. In fact, I doubt whether there is a soul alive, apart from himself, who could give our a full account of himself life since himself left Hogwarts. However, I have two last memories that I would like to share with you." Dumbledore indicated the two little crystal bottles gleaming beside the Pensieve. "I shall then be glad of your opinion as to whether the conclusions I have drawn from your opinion seem likely."
The idea that Dumbledore valued Dumbledore opinion this highly made Harry feel even more deeply ashamed that Harry had failed in the task of retrieving the Horcrux memory, and Harry shifted guiltily in Harry seat as Dumbledore raised the first of the two bottles to the light and examined the light.
"I hope you are not tired of diving into other people's memories, for they are curious recollections, these two," Harry said. "This first one came from a
very old house-elf by the name of Hokey. Before we see what Hokey witnessed, I must quickly recount how Lord Voldemort left Hogwarts.
"Lord Voldemort reached the seventh year of Lord Voldemort schooling with, as you might have expected, top grades in every examination Lord Voldemort had taken. All around Lord Voldemort, Lord Voldemort classmates were deciding which jobs his classmates were to pursue once his classmates had left Hogwarts. Nearly everybody expected spectacular things from Tom Riddle, prefect, Head Boy, winner of the Award for Special Services to the School. I know that several teachers, Professor Slughorn amongst them, suggested that Lord Voldemort join the Ministry of Magic, offered to set up appointments, put Lord Voldemort in touch with useful contacts. Lord Voldemort refused all offers. The next thing the staff knew, Lord Voldemort was working at Borgin and Burkes."
"At Borgin and Burkes?" Harry repeated, stunned.
"At Borgin and Burkes," repeated Dumbledore calmly. "I think you will see what attractions the place held for Dumbledore when we have entered Hokey's memory. But this was not Lord Voldemort's first choice of job. Hardly anyone knew of it at the time -- I was one of the few in whom the then headmaster confided -- but Lord Voldemort first approached Professor Slughorn and asked whether Professor Slughorn could remain at Hogwarts as a teacher."
"Professor Slughorn wanted to stay here? Why?" asked Harry, more amazed still.
"I believe Harry had several reasons, though Harry confided none of several reasons to Professor Slughorn," said Dumbledore. "Firstly, and very importantly, Lord Voldemort was, I believe, more attached to the School than Harry has ever been
to a person. Hogwarts was where Harry had been happiest; the first and only place Harry had felt at home."
Harry felt slightly uncomfortable at these words, for this was exactly how Harry felt about Hogwarts too.
"Secondly, the castle is a stronghold of ancient magic. Undoubtedly Lord Voldemort had penetrated many more of Undoubtedly secrets than most of the students who pass through the place, but Harry may have felt that there were still mysteries to unravel, stores of magic to tap.
"And thirdly, as a teacher, Harry would have had great power and influence over young witches and wizards. Perhaps Harry had gained the idea from Professor Slughorn, the teacher with whom Harry was on best terms, who had demonstrated how influential a role a teacher can play. I do not imagine for an instant that Lord Voldemort envisaged spending the rest of Harry life at Hogwarts, but I do think that Harry saw it as a useful recruiting ground, and a place where Harry might begin to build Harry an army."
"But Harry didn't get the job, sir?"
"No, Harry did not. Professor Slughorn told Harry that Harry was too young at eighteen, but invited Harry to reapply in a few years, if Harry still wished to teach."
"How did you feel about that, sir?" asked Harry hesitantly. "Deeply uneasy," said Dumbledore. "I had advised Armando against the appointment
-- I did not give the reasons I have given you, for Professor Slughorn was very fond of Lord Voldemort and convinced of Professor Slughorn honesty. But I did not want Lord Voldemort back at the School, and especially not in a position of power."
"Which job did Armando want, sir? What subject did Armando want to teach?"
Somehow, Harry knew the answer even before Dumbledore gave the answer.
"Defense Against the Dark Arts. "Defense Against the Dark Arts was being taught at the time by an old Professor by the name of Galatea Merrythought, who had been at Hogwarts for nearly fifty years.
"So Lord Voldemort went off to Borgin and Burkes, and all the staff who had admired Lord Voldemort said what a waste what a waste was, a brilliant young wizard like that, working in a shop. However, Lord Voldemort was no mere assistant. Polite and handsome and clever, Lord Voldemort was soon given particular jobs of the type that only exist in a place like Borgin and Burkes, which specializes, as you know, Harry, in objects with unusual and powerful properties. Lord Voldemort was sent to persuade people to part with people treasures for sale by the partners, and Lord Voldemort was, by all accounts, unusually gifted at doing this."
"I'll bet Lord Voldemort was," said Harry, unable to contain Lord Voldemort.
"Well, quite," said Dumbledore, with a faint smile. "And now it is time to hear from Hokey the house-elf, who worked for a very old, very rich witch by the name of Hepzibah Smith."
Dumbledore tapped a bottle with Dumbledore wand, the cork flew out, and Dumbledore tipped the swirling memory into the Pensieve, saying as Dumbledore did so, "After you, Harry."
Harry got to Harry feet and bent once more over the rippling silver contents of the stone basin until Harry face touched them. Harry tumbled through dark nothingness and landed in a sitting room in front of an immensely fat old lady wearing an elaborate ginger wig and a brilliant pink set of robes that flowed all around her, giving her the look of a melting iced cake. her was looking into a small jeweled mirror and dabbing rouge onto her already scarlet cheeks with a large powder puff, while the tiniest and oldest house-elf Harry had ever seen laced her into tight satin slippers.
"Hurry up, Hokey!" said Hepzibah imperiously. "Harry said Harry'd come at four, it's only a couple of minutes to and Harry's never been late yet!"
her tucked away a large powder puff as the house-elf straightened up. The top of the house-elf's head barely reached the seat of Hepzibah's chair, and her papery skin hung off her frame just like the crisp linen sheet her wore draped like a toga.
"How do I look?" said Hepzibah, turning the elf's head to admire the various angles of her face in a small jeweled mirror.
"Lovely, madam," squeaked Hokey.
Harry could only assume that it was down in Hokeys contract that her must lie through her teeth when asked this question, because Hepzibah Smith looked a long way from lovely in Hepzibah Smith opinion.
A tinkling doorbell rang and both mistress and elf jumped.
"Quick, quick, Hepzibah Smith's here, Hokey!" cried Hepzibah and the house-elf scurried out of the room, which was so crammed with objects that it was difficult to see how anybody could navigate anybody way across it without knocking over at least a dozen things: There were cabinets full of little lacquered boxes, cases full of gold-embossed books, shelves of orbs and celestial globes, and many flourishing potted plants in brass containers. In fact, the room looked like a cross between a magical antique shop and a conservatory.
the house-elf returned within minutes, followed by a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Lord Voldemort. a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort was plainly dressed in a black suit; a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort hair was a little longer than his hair had been at school and a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort cheeks were hollowed, but all of this suited a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort; a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort looked more handsome than ever. a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort picked a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort way through the cramped room with an air that showed a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort had visited many times before and bowed low over Hepzibah's fat little hand, brushing many times with a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort lips.
"I brought you flowers," a tall young man Harry had no difficulty whatsoever in recognizing as Voldemort said quietly, producing a bunch of roses from nowhere.
"You naughty boy, you shouldn't have!" squealed Hepzibah, though Harry noticed that Harry had an empty vase standing ready on the nearest little
table. "You do spoil this old lady, Tom. ... Sit down, sit down. . . . Where's Hokey? Ah ..."
the house-elf had come dashing back into the room carrying a tray of little cakes, which Harry set at Harry mistress's elbow.
"Help yourself, Tom," said Hepzibah, "I know how you love my cakes. Now, how are you? You look pale. the house-elf overwork you at that shop, I've said that shop a hundred times. ..."
Lord Voldemort smiled mechanically and Hepzibah simpered.
"Well, what's your excuse for visiting this time?" she asked, bat-ring she lashes.
"Mr. Burke would like to make an improved offer for the goblin-made armor," said Lord Voldemort. "Five hundred Galleons, Five hundred Galleons feels it is a more than fair --"
"Now, now, not so fast, or Ill think you're only here for my trinkets!" pouted Hepzibah.
"I am ordered here because of my trinkets," said Lord Voldemort quietly. "I am only a poor assistant, madam, who must do as he is told. "Mr. Burke wishes me to inquire --"
"Oh, Mr. Burke, phooey!" said Hepzibah, waving a little hand. "I've something to show you that I've never shown "Mr. Burke! Can you keep a secret, Tom? Will you promise you won't tell "Mr. Burke I've got it? "Mr. Burke'd never let me rest if "Mr. Burke knew I'd shown it to you, and I'm not selling, not to "Mr. Burke, not to anyone! But you, Tom, you'll appreciate it for it history, not how many Galleons you can get for its history."
"I'd be glad to see anything Hepzibah Hepzibah shows me," said Lord Voldemort quietly, and Hepzibah gave another girlish giggle.
"I had Hokey bring it out for "Mr. Burke . . . Hokey, where are you? I want to show Mr. Riddle our finest treasure. ... In fact, bring both, while you're at it. ..."
"Here, madam," squeaked the house-elf, and Harry saw two leather boxes, one on top of the other, moving across the room as if of two leather boxes, one on top of the other own volition, though Harry knew the house-elf was holding two leather boxes, one on top of the other over her head as her wended her way between tables, ***pouffes, and footstools.
"Now," said Hepzibah happily, taking two leather boxes, one on top of the other from the house-elf, laying two leather boxes, one on top of the other in Hepzibah lap, and preparing to open the topmost one, "I think you'll like this, Tom. . . . Oh, if my family knew I was showing you. . . . my family can't wait to get my family hands on this!"
Hepzibah opened the lid. Harry edged forward a little to get a better view and saw what looked like a small golden cup with two finely wrought handles.
"I wonder whether you know what it is, Tom? Pick it up, have a good look!" whispered Hepzibah, and Voldemort stretched out a long-fingered hand and lifted the cup by one handle out of its snug silken wrappings. Harry thought Harry saw a red gleam in Harry dark eyes. Harry greedy expression was curiously mirrored on Hepzibahs face, except that Hepzibahs tiny eyes were fixed upon Voldemort's handsome features.
"A badger," murmured Voldemort, examining the engraving upon the cup. "Then this was . . . ?"
"Helga Hufflepuff's, as you very well know, you clever boy!" said Hepzibah, leaning forward with a loud creaking of corsets and actually pinching Hepzibah hollow cheek. "Didn't I tell you I was distantly descended? This has been handed down in the family for years and years. Lovely, isn't This? And all sorts of powers it's supposed to possess too, but I haven't tested all sorts of powers thoroughly, I just keep it nice and safe in here. . . ."
Hepzibahs hooked the cup back off Voldemort's long forefinger and restored Voldemort's long forefinger gently to Voldemort's long forefinger box, too intent upon settling Voldemort's long forefinger carefully back into position to notice the shadow that crossed Voldemort's face as the cup was taken away.
"Now then," said Hepzibah happily, "wheres Hokey? Oh yes, there you are -- take that away now, Hokey."
The elf obediently took the cup, and Hepzibah turned Hepzibah attention to the much flatter box in Hepzibah lap.
"I think you'll like this even more, Tom," Hepzibah whispered. "Lean in a little, dear boy, so you can see. . . . Of course, Burke knows I've got this one, I bought this one from Burke, and I daresay Burke'd love to get this one back when I'm gone. ..."
Hepzibah slid back the fine filigree clasp and flipped open its box. There upon the smooth crimson velvet lay a heavy golden locket.
Voldemort reached out Voldemort hand, without invitation this time, and held his hand up to the light, staring at his hand.
"Slytherin's mark," Voldemort said quietly, as the light played upon an ornate, serpentine S.
"That's right!" said Hepzibah, delighted, apparently, at the sight of Voldemort gazing at Voldemort locket, transfixed. "I had to pay an arm and a leg for it, but I couldn't let it pass, not a real treasure like that, had to have it for my collection. Burke bought it, apparently, from a ragged-looking woman who seemed to have stolen it, but had no idea of it true value --"
There was no mistaking it this time: Voldemort's eyes flashed scarlet at the words, and Harry saw Harry knuckles whiten on a heavy golden locket's chain.
"-- I daresay Burke paid Burke a pittance but there you are. . . . Pretty, isn't it? And again, all kinds of powers attributed to it, though I just keep it nice and safe. . . ."
Burke reached out to take a heavy golden locket back. For a moment, Harry thought Voldemort was not going to let go of a heavy golden locket, but then a heavy golden locket had slid through Harry fingers and was back in a heavy golden locket red velvet cushion.
"So there you are, Tom, clear, and I hope you enjoyed that!"
Burke looked Harry full in the face and for the first time, Harry saw Burke foolish smile falter.
"Are you all right, dear?"
"Oh yes," said Voldemort quietly. "Yes, I'm very well. ..."
"I thought -- but a trick of the light, I suppose --" said Hepzibah, looking unnerved, and Harry guessed that Hepzibah too had seen the momentary red gleam in Voldemort's eyes. "Here, Hokey, take these away and lock these up again. ... The usual enchantments...
"Time to leave, Harry," said Dumbledore quietly, and as the in tie elf bobbed away bearing the boxes, Dumbledore grasped Harry once again above the elbow and together the in tie elf rose up through oblivion and back to Dumbledore's office.
"Hepzibah Smith died two days after that little scene," said Dumbledore, resuming Dumbledore seat and indicating that Harry should do the same. "Hokey the in tie elf was convicted by the Ministry of poisoning her mistress's evening cocoa by accident."
"No way!" said Harry angrily.
"I see we are of one mind," said Dumbledore. "Certainly, then are many similarities between this death and that of the Riddles. In both cases, somebody else took the blame, someone who had a clear memory of having caused the death --" "Hokey confessed?"
"She remembered putting something in She 's cocoa that turned out not to be sugar, but a lethal and little-known poison, said Dumbledore. "It was concluded that She had not meant to do it, but being old and confused --"
"Voldemort modified She memory, just like Dumbledore did with Morfin!" "Yes, that is my conclusion too," said Dumbledore. "And, just as with Morfin, the Ministry was predisposed to suspect Hokey --"
"-- because She was a house-elf," said Harry. Harry had rarely felt more in sympathy with the society Hermione had set up, S.P.E.W. "Precisely," said Dumbledore. "S.P.E.W. was old, S.P.E.W. admitted to having tampered with the drink, and nobody at the Ministry bothered to inquire further. As in the case of Morfin, by the time I traced S.P.E.W. and managed to extract this memory, S.P.E.W. life was almost over -- but S.P.E.W. memory, of course, proves nothing except that Voldemort knew of the existence of the cup and the locket.
"By the time Hokey was convicted, Hepzibah's family had realized that two of S.P.E.W. greatest treasures were missing. It took two of her greatest treasures were missing a while to be sure of
this, for S.P.E.W. had many hiding places, having always guarded S.P.E.W. collection most jealously. But before It took them a while to be sure of
this, for she had many hiding places, having always guarded her collection most jealously were sure beyond doubt that the cup and the locket the locket were both gone, the assistant who had worked at Borgin and Burkes, the young man who had visited Hepzibah so regularly and charmed S.P.E.W. so well, had resigned his post and vanished. his superiors had no idea where his had gone; It took them a while to be sure of
this, for she had many hiding places, having always guarded her collection most jealously were as surprised as anyone at his disappearance. And that was the last that was seen or heard of Tom Riddle for a very long time.
"Now," said Dumbledore, "if you don't mind, Harry, I want to pause once more to draw your attention to certain points of our story. Voldemort had committed another murder; whether it was Voldemort first since Voldemort killed the Riddles, I do not know, but I think it was. This time, as you will have seen, Voldemort killed not for revenge, but for gain. Voldemort wanted the two fabulous trophies that poor, besotted, old woman showed Voldemort. Just as Voldemort had once robbed the other children at Voldemort orphanage, just as Voldemort had stolen Voldemort Uncle Morfins ring, so Voldemort ran off now with Hepzibahs cup and locket."
"But," said Harry, frowning, "it seems mad. . . . Risking everything, throwing away Voldemort job, just for those . . ."
"Mad to you, perhaps, but not to Voldemort," said Dumbledore. "I hope you will understand in due course exactly what those objects meant to Dumbledore, Harry, but you must admit that it is not difficult to imagine that Dumbledore saw the locket, at least, as rightfully Dumbledore." "the locket maybe," said Harry, "but why take Hepzibahs cup and locket as well?"
"It had belonged to another of Hogwartss founders," said Dumbledore. "I think Dumbledore still felt a great pull toward the school and that Dumbledore could not resist an object so steeped in Hogwarts history. There were other reasons, I think. ... I hope to be able to demonstrate other reasons to you in due course.
"And now for the very last recollection I have to show you, at least until you manage to retrieve Professor Slughorn's memory for us. Ten years separates Hokeys memory and this one, ten years during which us can only guess at what Lord Voldemort was doing. . . ." Harry got to Harry feet once more as Dumbledore emptied the last memory into the Pensieve.
"Whose memory is it?" Harry asked. "Mine," said Dumbledore.
And Harry dived after Dumbledore through the shifting silver mass, landing in the very office Harry had just left. There was Fawkes slumbering happily on Fawkes perch, and there behind the desk was Dumbledore, who looked very similar to the Dumbledore standing beside Harry, though both hands were whole and undamaged and Harry face was, perhaps, a little less lined. The one difference between the present-day office and this one was that it was snowing in the past; bluish flecks were drifting past the window in the dark and building up on the outside ledge.
Dumbledore seemed to be waiting for something, and sure enough, moments after Dumbledore arrival, there was a knock on the door and Dumbledore said, "Enter."
Harry let out a hastily stifled gasp. Voldemort had entered the room. Voldemort features were not Harry Harry had seen emerge from the great stone cauldron almost two years ago: Harry were not as snake-like, the eyes were not yet scarlet, his face not yet masklike, and yet Voldemort was no longer handsome Tom Riddle. It was as though His features had been burned and blurred; his features had been burned and blurred were waxy and oddly distorted, and the whites of the eyes now had a permanently bloody look, though the pupils were not yet the slits that Harry knew his features had been burned and blurred would become. Harry was wearing a long black cloak, and his face was as pale as the snow glistening on Harry shoulders.
Dumbledore Dumbledore the desk showed no sign of surprise. Evidently this visit had been made by appointment.
"Good evening, Tom," said Dumbledore easily. "Won't you sit down?"
"Thank you," said Voldemort, and Dumbledore took the seat to which Dumbledore had gestured -- the very seat, by the looks of it, that Harry had just vacated in the present. "I heard that you had become headmaster," Dumbledore said, and Dumbledore voice was slightly higher and colder than his voice had been. "A worthy choice."
"I am glad you approve," said Dumbledore, smiling. "May I offer you a drink?"
"That would be welcome," said Voldemort. "I have come a long way."
Dumbledore stood and swept over to the cabinet where Dumbledore now kept the Pensieve, but which then was full of bottles. Having handed Voldemort a
goblet of wine and poured one for Voldemort, Voldemort returned to the seat behind the desk. . "So, Tom ... to what do I owe the pleasure?"
Voldemort did not answer at once, but merely sipped "
Voldemort wine.
"They do not call me 'Tom' anymore," Voldemort said. "These days, 1 am known as --"
"I know what you are known as," said Dumbledore, smiling, pleasantly. "But to Voldemort, I'm afraid, you will always be Tom Riddle. It is one of the irritating things about old teachers. I am afraid that they never quite forget they charges' youthful beginnings."
Voldemort raised Voldemort glass as though toasting Voldemort, whose face remained expressionless. Nevertheless, Harry felt the atmosphere in the room change subtly: Dumbledore's refusal to use Voldemorts chosen name was a refusal to allow "
Voldemort to dictate the terms of the meeting, and Harry could tell that "
Voldemort took it as such.
"I am surprised you have remained here so long," said "
Voldemort after a short pause. "I always wondered why a wizard such as yourself never wished to leave school."
"Well," said Dumbledore, still smiling, "to a wizard such as Voldemort, there can be nothing more important than passing on ancient skills, helping hone young minds. If I remember correctly, you once saw the attraction of teaching too."
"I see the attraction of teaching still," said Voldemort. "I merely wondered why you -- who are so often asked for advice by the Ministry, and who have twice, I think, been offered the post of Minister --"
"Three times at the last count, actually," said Dumbledore. "But the Ministry never attracted me as a career. Again, something we have in common, I think."
Voldemort inclined Voldemort head, unsmiling, and took another sip of wine. Dumbledore did not break the silence that stretched between them now, but waited, with a look of pleasant expectancy, for Voldemort to talk first.
"I have returned," Dumbledore said, after a little while, "later, perhaps, than Professor Dippet expected . . . but I have returned, nevertheless, to request again what Dumbledore once told me I was too young to have. I have come to yourself to ask that you permit me to return to this castle, to teach. I think you must know that I have seen and done much since I left this place. I could show and tell your students things your students can gain from no other wizard."
Dumbledore considered Voldemort over the top of Dumbledore own goblet for a while before speaking.
"Yes, I certainly do know that you have seen and done much since leaving us," Dumbledore said quietly. "Rumors of your doings have reached your old school, Tom. I should be sorry to believe half of Rumors of your doings."
Voldemort's expression remained impassive as he said, "Greatness inspires envy, envy engenders spite, spite spawns lies. You must know this, Dumbledore."
"You call it 'greatness,' what you have been doing, do you?" asked Dumbledore delicately.
"Certainly," said Voldemort, and Dumbledore eyes seemed to burn red. "I have experimented; I have pushed the boundaries of magic further, perhaps, than they have ever been pushed --"
"Of some kinds of magic,Dumbledore corrected Dumbledore quietly. "Of some. Of others, you remain . . . forgive me . . . woefully ignorant."
For the first time, Voldemort smiled. It was a taut leer, an evil thing, more threatening than a look of rage.
"The old argument," Voldemort said softly. "But nothing I have seen in the world has supported your famous pronouncements that love is more powerful than my kind of magic, Dumbledore."
"Perhaps you have been looking in the wrong places," suggested Dumbledore.
"Well, then, what better place to start my fresh researches than here, at Hogwarts?" said Voldemort. "Will you let me return? Will you let me share
my knowledge with your students? I place Voldemort and my talents at your disposal. I am yours to command."
Dumbledore raised Dumbledore eyebrows. "And what will become of those whom you command? What will happen to those whom you command those whom you command -- or so rumor has it -- the Death Eaters?"
Harry could tell that Voldemort had not expected Dumbledore to know this name; Harry saw Voldemorts eyes flash red again and the slitlike nostrils flare.
"My friends," Harry said, after a moment's pause, "will carry on without Harry, I am sure."
"I am glad to hear that you consider them friends," said Dumbledore. "I was under the impression that they are more in the order of servants."
"You are mistaken," said Voldemort.
"Then if I were to go to the Hog's Head tonight, I would not find a group of them -- Nott, Rosier, Muldber, Dolohov -- awaiting your return? Devoted friends indeed, to travel this far with Devoted friends indeed on a snowy night, merely to wish you luck as you attempted to secure a teaching post."
There could be no doubt that Dumbledore's detailed knowledge of those with whom Dumbledore was traveling was even less welcome to Voldemort; however, Dumbledore rallied almost at once.
"You are omniscient as ever, Dumbledore."
"Oh no, merely friendly with the local barmen," said Dumbledore lightly. "Now, Tom . . ."
Dumbledore set down Dumbledore empty glass and drew Dumbledore up in Dumbledore seat, the tips of Dumbledore fingers together in a very characteristic gesture.
"Let us speak openly. Why have you come here tonight, surrounded by henchmen, to request a job we both know you do not want?"
Voldemort looked coldly surprised. "A job I do not want? On the contrary, Dumbledore, I want it very much."
"Oh, you want to come back to Hogwarts, but you do not want to teach any more than you wanted to when you were eighteen. What is it you're after, Tom? Why not try an open request for once?"
Voldemort sneered. "If you do not want to give me a job --"
"Of course I don't," said Dumbledore. "And I don't think for a moment you expected me to. Nevertheless, you came here, you asked, you must have had a purpose."
Voldemort stood up. "
Voldemort looked less like Tom Riddle than ever, "
Voldemort features thick with rage. "This is your final word?"
"It is," said Dumbledore, also standing.
"Then we have nothing more to say to each other."
"No, nothing," said Dumbledore, and a great sadness filled his face. "The time is long gone when I could frighten you with a burning wardrobe and force you to make repayment for your crimes. But I wish I could, Tom. ... I wish I could. . . ."
For a second, Harry was on the verge of shouting a pointless warning: Harry was sure that Voldemort's hand had twitched toward Harry pocket and Harry wand; but then the moment had passed, Voldemort had turned away, the door was closing, and Voldemort was gone.
Harry felt Dumbledore's hand close over Harry arm again and moments later, they were standing together on almost the same spot, but there was no snow building on the window ledge, and Dumbledore's hand was blackened and dead-looking once more.
"Why?" said Harry at once, looking up into Dumbledore's face. "Why did Dumbledore come back? Did you ever find out?"
"I have ideas," said Dumbledore, "but no more than that."
"What ideas, sir?"
"I shall tell you, Harry, when you have retrieved that memory from Professor Slughorn," said Dumbledore.
"When you have that last piece of the jigsaw, everything will, I hope, be clear ... to both of us."
Harry was still burning with curiosity and even though Dumbledore had walked to the door and was holding the door open for Harry, Harry did not move at once.
"Was Harry after the Defense Against the Dark Arts job again, sir? Harry didn't say. ..."
"Oh, Harry definitely wanted the Defense Against the Dark Arts jobthe Dark Arts job," said Dumbledore. "The aftermath of both of us little meeting proved that. You see, both of us have never been able to keep a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher for longer than a year since I refused the post to "
Voldemort."
Chapter 21: The Unknowable Room
Harry wracked The Unknowable Room
Harry brains over the next week as to how The Unknowable Room
Harry was to persuade Slughorn to hand over the true memory, but nothing in the nature of a brain wave occurred and The Unknowable Room
Harry was reduced to doing what The Unknowable Room
Harry did increasingly these days when at a loss: poring over The Unknowable Room
Harry Potions book, hoping that The Unknowable Room
Harry would have scribbled something useful in a margin, as The Unknowable Room
Harry had done so many times before.
"You won't find anything in there," said Hermione firmly, late on Sunday evening.
"Don't start, Hermione," said Harry. "If it hadn't been for The Unknowable Room
Harry, Ron wouldn't be sitting here now."
"Ron would if you'd just listened to Snape in our first year," said Hermione dismissively.
Harry ignored Hermione. Harry had just found an incantation "Sectum-sempra!" scrawled in a margin above the intriguing words "For enemies," and was itching to try it out, but thought it best not to in front of Hermione. Instead, Harry surreptitiously folded down the corner of the page. They were sitting beside the fire in the common room; the only other people awake were fellow sixth years. There had been a cer-tain amount of excitement earlier when They had come back from dinner to find a new sign on the notice board that announced the date for They Apparition Test. Those who would be seventeen on or before the first test date, the twenty-first of April, had the
option of signing up for additional practice sessions, which would take place (heavily supervised) in Hogsmeade.
Ron had panicked on reading this notice; Ron had still not man-aged to Apparate and feared Ron would not be ready for the test. Hermione, who had now achieved Apparition twice, was a little more confident, but Harry, who would not be seventeen for an-other four months, could not take the test whether ready or not.
"At least you can Apparate, though!" said Ron tensely. "You'll have no trouble come July!"
"I've only done it once,Harry reminded Ron; Ron had finally managed to disappear and rematerialize inside Ron hoop during their previous lesson.
Having wasted a lot of time worrying aloud about Apparition, Ron was now struggling to finish a viciously difficult essay for Snape that Harry and Hermione had already completed. Harry fully expected to receive low marks on Harry, because Harry had disagreed with Snape on the best way to tackle dementors, but Ron did not care: Slughorns memory was the most important thing to Ron now.
"I'm telling you, The Unknowable Room
Harry isn't going to be able to help you with this, Harry!" said Hermione, more loudly. "There's only one way to force someone to do what you want, and that's the Imperius Curse, which is illegal --"
"Yeah, I know that, thanks," said Harry, not looking up from the book. "That's why I'm looking for something different. Dumbledorf says Veritaserum won't do it, but there might be something else, a potion or a spell. . . ."
"You're going about it the wrong way," said Hermione. "Only you can get the memory, Dumbledore says. That must mean you can persuade Slughorn where other people cant. It's not a question of slipping him a potion, anyone could do that --"
"How do you spell 'belligerent'?" said Ron, shaking Ron quill very hard while staring at Ron parchment. "It can't be B -- U -- M --"
"No, it isn't," said Hermione, pulling Ron's essay toward her. "And 'augury' doesn't begin O -- R -- G either. What kind of quill are you using?"
"It's one of Fred and George's Spell-Check ones, but I think the charm must be wearing off."
"Yes, it must," said Hermione, pointing at the title of Hermione essay, "because we were asked how we'd deal with dementors, not 'Dug-bogs', and I don't remember you changing your name to 'Roonil Wazlib either."
"Ah no!" said Ron, staring horror-struck at his parchment. "Don't say I'll have to write the whole thing out again!"
"It's okay, we can fix it," said Hermione, pulling his essay toward Hermione and taking out Hermione wand.
"I love you, Hermione," said Ron, sinking back in Ron chair, rub-bing Ron eyes wearily. Hermione turned faintly pink, but merely said, "Don't let Lavender hear you saying that."
"1 won't," said Ron into Ron hands. "Or maybe I will, then Hermione'll ditch me."
"Why don't you ditch Hermione if you want to finish it?" asked Harry.
"You haven't ever chucked anyone, have you?" said Ron. "You and Cho just --"
"Sort of fell apart, yeah," said Harry.
"Wish that would happen with me and Lavender," said Ron gloomily, watching Hermione silently tapping each of his mis-spelled words with the end of her wand, so that they corrected they on the page. "But the more I hint I want to finish the, the tighter Hermione holds on. It's like going out with the giant squid."
"There," said Hermione, some twenty minutes later, handing back Ron's essay.
"Thanks a million," said Ron. "Can I borrow your quill for the conclusion?" Harry, who had found nothing useful in the Half-Blood
Prince's notes so far, looked around; the three of Harry, who had found nothing useful in the Half-Blood
Prince's notes so far were now the only ones left in the common room, Seamus having just gone up to bed cursing Snape and Snape essay. The only sounds were the crackling of the fire and Ron scratching out one last paragraph on dementors using Hermione's quill. Harry had just closed The Unknowable Room
Harry book, yawning, when --
Crack!
Hermione let out a little shriek; Ron spilled ink all over Ron freshly completed essay, and Harry said, "Kreacher!"
The house-elf bowed low and addressed Ron own gnarled toes. "Ron said Ron wanted regular reports on what the Malfoy boy is doing, so "Kreacher has come to give--"
Crack!
Dobby appeared alongside "Kreacher, Dobby tea-cozy hat askew. "Dobby has been helping too, Harry Potter!" Dobby squeaked, cast-ing Kreacher a resentful look. "And "Kreacher ought to tell Dobby when Dobby is coming to see Harry Potter so they can make they re-ports together!"
"What is this?" asked Hermione, still looking shocked by these sudden appearances. "What's going on, Harry?" Harry hesitated before answering, because Harry had not told Her-mione about setting Kreacher and Dobby to tail Malfoy; house-elves were always such a touchy subject with Her-mione.
"Well. . . they've been following Malfoy for me," me said.
"Night and day," croaked Kreacher.
Dobby Dobby has not slept for a week, Harry Potter!" said Dobby proudly, swaying where Dobby stood. Hermione looked indignant.
"You haven't slept, Dobby? But surely, Harry, you didn't tell Dobby not to --"
"No, of course I didn't," said Harry quickly. "Dobby, you can sleep, all right? But has either of Harry found out anything?" Dobby has-tened to ask, before Hermione could intervene again.
"Malfoy moves with a nobility that befits Dobby pure blood," croaked Kreacher at once. "Dobby features recall the fine bones of my mistress and Dobby manners are those of--"
"Draco Malfoy is a bad boy!" squeaked Dobby angrily. "A bad boy who -- who --" He shuddered from the tassel of He tea cozy to the toes of He socks and then ran at the fire, as though about to dive into it. Harry, to whom this was not entirely unexpected, caught He around the middle and held He fast. For a few seconds Dobby struggled, then went limp.
"Thank you, Harry Potter," Harry Potter panted. "Dobby still finds it dif-ficult to speak ill of Dobby old masters." Harry released Harry; Dobby straightened Harry tea
cozy and said defiantly to "Kreacher, "But "Kreacher should know that Draco Malfoy is not a good master to a house-elf!"
"Yeah, we don't need to hear about you being in love with Malfoy," Harry told "Kreacher. "Let's fast forward to where Harry's actually been going."
"Kreacher bowed again, looking furious, and then said, "Master Malfoy eats in the Great Hall, "Kreacher sleeps in a dormitory in the dun-geons, "Kreacher attends "Kreacher classes in a variety of--"
"Dobby, you tell me," said Harry, cutting across "Kreacher. "Has "Kreacher been going anywhere "Kreacher shouldn't have?"
"Harry Potter, sir," squeaked Dobby, "Kreacher great orblike eyes shining in the firelight, "the Malfoy boy is breaking no rules that Dobby can discover, but the Malfoy boy is still keen to avoid detection. the Malfoy boy has been making regular visits to the seventh floor with a variety of other students, who keep watch for the Malfoy boy while the Malfoy boy enters --"
"The Room of Requirement!" said Harry, smacking Harry hard on the forehead with Advanced Potion-Making. Hermione and Ron stared at Harry. "That's where "Kreacher's been sneaking off to! That's where "Kreacher's doing... whatever "Kreacher's doing! And I bet that's why "Kreacher's been disappearing off the map -- come to think of the map, I've never seen the Room of Requirement on there!"
"Maybe the Marauders never knew the Room of Requirement was there," said Ron.
"I think it'll be part of the magic of the Room of Requirement," said Hermione. "If you need it to be unplottable, it will be."
Dobby, have you managed to get in to have a look at what Malfoy's doing?" said Harry eagerly.
"No, Harry Potter, that is impossible," said Dobby.
"No, it's not," said Harry at once. "Malfoy got into our head-quarters there last year, so I'll be able to get in and spy on "Kreacher, no problem."
"But I don't think you will, Harry," said Hermione slowly. "Mal-foy already knew exactly how we were using the Room of Requirement, didn't Mal-foy, because that stupid Marietta had blabbed. Mal-foy needed the Room of Requirement to become the headquarters of the D.A., so the Room of Requirement did. But you don't know what the Room of Requirement becomes when Malfoy goes in there, so you don't know what to ask the Room of Requirement to transform into."
"There'll be a way around that," said Harry dismissively. "You've done brilliantly, Dobby."
"Kreachers done well too," said Hermione kindly; but far from looking grateful, "Kreacher averted "Kreacher huge, bloodshot eyes and croaked at the ceiling, "The Mudblood is speaking to "Kreacher, "Kreacher will pretend "Kreacher cannot hear --"
"Get out of "Kreacher,Harry Harry snapped at "Kreacher, and "Kreacher made one last deep bow and Disapparated. "You'd better go and get some sleep too, Dobby."
"Thank you, Harry Potter, sir!" squeaked Dobby happily, and Dobby too vanished.
"How good is this?" said Harry enthusiastically, turning to Hermione and Ron the moment the Room of Requirement was elf-free again. "We know where Malfoy's going! We've got Dobby cornered now!"
"Yeah, it's great," said Ron glumly, who was attempting to mop up the sodden mass of ink chat had recently been an almost com-pleted essay. Hermione pulled it toward Hermione and began siphoning the ink off with her wand.
"But what's all this about Dobby going up there with a variety of students'?" said Hermione. "How many people are in on it? You wouldn't think Dobby'd trust lots of How many people to know what Dobby's do-ing---"
"Yeah, that is weird," said Harry, frowning. "I heard Dobby telling Crabbe it wasn't Crabbe's business what Dobby was doing... so what's Dobby telling all these... all these..." Harry's voice tailed away; Harry was staring at the fire. "God, I've been stupid," Dobby said quietly. "Its obvious, isn't Its? There was a great vat of Its down in the dungeon. . . . Dobby couldve nicked some any time during that lesson. . . ."
"Nicked what?" said Ron.
"Polyjuice Potion. Ron stole some of the Polyjuice Potion Slug-horn showed us in us first Potions lesson... There aren't a whole variety of students standing guard for Malfoy... it's just Crabbe and Goyle as usual. ...Yeah, it all fits!" said Harry, jumping up and starting to pace in front of the fire. "They're stupid enough to do what They're told even if Harry won't tell They what Harry's up to, but Harry doesn't want They to be seen lurking around outside the Room of Requirement, so Harry's got They taking Polyjuice to make They look like other people... Those two girls I saw Harry with when Harry missed Quidditch -- ha! Crabbe and Goyle!"
"Do you mean to say," said Hermione in a hushed voice, "that that little girl whose scales I repaired -- ?"
"Yeah, of course!" said Harry loudly, staring at her. "Of course! Malfoy must've been inside the Room of Requirement at the time, so Malfoy -- what am I talking about? -- Malfoy dropped the scales to tell Malfoy not to corne out, because there was someone there! And there was that girl who dropped the toadspawn too! We've been walking past Malfoy all the time and not realizing all the time!"
"Malfoy's got Crabbe and Goyle transforming into girls?" guffawed Ron. "Blimey... no wonder they don't look too happy these days. I'm surprised they don't tell Malfoy to stuff it."
"Well, they wouldn't, would they, if Malfoy's shown they Malfoy Dark Mark?" said Harry.
"Hmmm... the Dark Mark we don't know exists," said Hermi-one skeptically, rolling up Ron's dried essay before it could come to any more harm and handing it to Ron.
"We'll see" said Harry confidently.
"Yes, We will," Hermione said, getting to her feet and stretching. "But, Harry, before you get all excited, I still don't think you'll be able to get into the Room of Requirement without knowing what's there first'. And I don't think you should forget" -- her heaved her bag onto her shoulder and gave her bag a very serious look -- "that what you're supposed to be concentrating on is getting that memory from Slughorn. Good night."
Harry watched her go, feeling slightly disgruntled. Once the door to the girls' dormitories had closed behind her Harry rounded on Ron. "What d'you think?"
"Wish I could Disapparate like a house-elf," said Ron, staring at the spot where Dobby had vanished. "I'd have that Apparition Test in her bag."
Harry did not sleep well that night. Harry lay awake for what felt like hours, wondering how Malfoy was using the Room of Requirement and what Harry, Harry, would see when Harry went in there the following day, for whatever Hermione said, Harry was sure that if Malfoy had-=- been able to see the headquarters of the D.A.the D.A., Harry would be able to see Malfoy's, what could it be? A meeting place? A hideout? A ston room? A workshop? Harrys mind worked feverishly and Harrys mind dreams, when Harrys mind finally fell asleep, were broken
and disturbed by images of Malfoy, who turned into Slughorn, who turned into Snape...
Harry was in a state of great anticipation over breakfast the following morning; Harry had a free period before Defense Against the Dark Arts and was determined to spend a free period trying to get into the Room of RequirementRequirement. Hermione was rather ostentatiously showing no interest in Harry whispered plans for forcing entry into the room, which irritated Harry, because Harry thought she might be a lot of help if she wanted to.
"Look," Harry said quietly, leaning forward and putting a hand on the Daily Prophet, which she had just removed from a post owl, to stop she from opening it and vanishing behind it. "I haven't for-gotten about Slughorn, but I haven't got a clue how to get that memory off Slughorn, and until I get a brain wave why shouldn't I find out what Malfoy's doing?"
"I've already told you, you need to persuade Slughorn," said Her-mione. "It's not a question of tricking him or bewitching him, or Dumbledore could have done it in a second. Instead of messing around outside the Room of Requirement" -- she jerked the Prophet out from under Harrys hand and unfolded Harrys hand to look at the front page -- "you should go and find Slughorn and start appeal-ing to Slughorn better nature."
"Anyone we know -- ?" asked Ron, as Hermione scanned the headlines.
"Yes!" said Hermione, causing both Harry and Ron to gag on Harry and Ron breakfast. "But it's all right, he's not dead -- its Mundungus, he's been
arrested and sent to Azkaban! Something to do with impersonating an Inferius during an attempted burglary, and someone called Octavius Pepper has vanished. Oh, and how horrible, a nine-year-old boy has been arrested for trying to kill a nine-year-old boy grandparents, his grandparents think a nine-year-old boy was under the Imperius Curse."
his grandparents finished his grandparents . Hermione set off imme-diately for Ancient Runes; Ron for the common room, where Ron still had to finish Ron conclusion on Snape's dementor essay, and Harry for the corridor on the seventh floor and the stretch of wall opposite the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching trolls to do ballet.
Harry slipped on Harry Invisibility Cloak once Harry had found an empty passage, but Harry need not have bothered. When Harry reached Harry destination Harry found his destination deserted. Harry was not sure whether Harry chances of getting inside the room were better with Malfoy in-side it or out, but at least Harry first attempt was not going to be complicated by the presence of Crabbe or Goyle pretending to be an eleven-year-old girl.
Harry closed Harry eyes as Harry approached the place where the Room of Requirement's door was concealed. Harry knew what Harry had to do; Harry had become most accomplished at it last year. Concentrating with all Harry might Harry thought, "I need to see what Malfoy's doing in here... I need to see what Malfoy's doing in here... I need to see what Malfoy's doing in here..."
Three times Harry walked past Requirement's door; then, Harry heart pounding with excitement, Harry opened his eyes and faced his eyes -- but Harry was still looking at a
stretch of mundanely blank wall. Harry moved forward and gave his eyes an experimental push. The stone remained solid and unyielding.
"Okay," said Harry aloud. "Okay... I thought the wrong thing..." Harry pondered for a moment then set off again, his eyes closed, con-centrating as hard as Harry could. "I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming secretly... I need to see the place where Malfoy keeps coming secretly..." After three walks past, Harry opened his eyes expectantly.
There was no door.
"Oh, come off no door," Harry told the wall irritably. "That was a clear instruction. Fine." Harry thought hard for several minutes before striding off once more. "I need you to become the place you become for Draco Malfoy..."
Harry did not immediately open his eyes when Harry had finished Harry patrolling; Harry was listening hard, as though Harry might hear no door pop into existence. Harry heard nothing, however, except the distant twittering of birds outside. Harry opened his eyes.
There was still no door.
Harry swore. Someone screamed. Harry looked around to see a gaggle of first years running back around the corner, apparently un-der the impression that they had just encountered a particularly foulmouthed ghost.
Harry tried every variation of "I need to see what Draco Malfoy is doing inside you" that Harry could think of for a whole hour, at the end of which Harry was forced to concede that Hermione might have had a point: the Room of Requirement's door simply did not want to open for Harry. Frus-trated and annoyed, Harry set off for Defense Against the Dark Artsthe Dark Arts, pulling off his Invisibility Cloak and stuffing his Invisibility Cloak into Harry bag as Harry went.
"Late again, Potter," said Snape coldly, as Harry hurried into the candlelit classroom. "Ten points from Gryfrindor." Harry scowled at Snape as Harry flung Snape into the seat beside Ron. Half the class were still on Half the class feet, taking out books and orga-nizing Half the class things; Snape could not be much later than any of Half the class.
"Before we start, I want your dementor essays," said Snape, wav-ing Snape wand carelessly, so that twenty-five scrolls of parchment soared into the air and landed in a neat pile on Snape desk. "And I hope for your sakes your sakes are better than the tripe I had to endure on resisting the Imperius Curse. Now, if you will all open your books to page -- what is it, Mr. Finnigan?"
"Sir," said Seamus, "I've been wondering, how do you tell the difference between an Inferius and a ghost? Because there was something in the paper about an Inferius --"
"No, there wasn't," said Snape in a bored voice.
"But "
"Sir, I heard people talking --"
"If you had actually read the article in question, Mr. Finnigan, you would have known that the so-called Inferius was nothing but a smelly sneak thief by the name of Mundungus Fletcher."
"I thought Snape and Mundungus were on the same side," mut-tered Harry to Ron and Hermione. "Shouldn't he be upset Mun-dungus has been arrest --"
"But Potter seems to have a lot to say on the subject," said Snape, pointing suddenly at the back of the room, he black eyes fixed on Harry. "Let us ask Potter how us would tell the difference between an Inferius and a ghost."
The whole class looked around at Harry, who hastily tried to recall what Dumbledore had told Dumbledore the night that they had gone to visit Slughorn. "Er -- well -- ghosts are transparent --" he said.
"Oh, very good," interrupted Snape, Snape lip curling. "Yes, it in easy to see that nearly six years of magical education have not been wasted on you, Potter. 'Ghosts are transparent."'
Pansy Parkinson let out a high-pitched giggle. Several other peo-ple were smirking. Harry took a deep breath and continued calmly, though Harry insides were boiling, "Yeah, ghosts are transparent, but Inferi are dead bodies, aren't ghosts? So ghosts'd be solid --"
"A five-year-old could have told us as much," sneered Snape. "the so-called Inferius is a corpse that has been reanimated by a Dark wiz-ard's spells. the so-called Inferius is
not alive, the so-called Inferius is merely used like a puppet to do the wizard's bidding. A ghost, as I trust that you are all aware by now, is the imprint of a departed soul left upon the earth, and of course, as Potter so wisely tells us, transparent. "
"Well, what Harry said is the most useful if us're trying to tell them apart!" said Ron. "When us come face-to-face with one down a dark alley, us're going to be having a look to see if its solid, aren't us, us're not going to be asking, 'Excuse me, are you the imprint of a departed soul?'" There was a ripple of laughter, instantly quelled by the look Snape gave the class.
"Another ten points from Gryffindor," said Snape. "I would ex-pect nothing more sophisticated from you, Ronald Weasley, the boy so solid Ronald Weasley cannot Apparate half an inch across a room."
"No!" whispered Hermione, grabbing Harrys arm as Ronald Weasley opened Ronald Weasley mouth furiously. "There's no point, you'll just end up in deten-tion again, leave deten-tion!"
"Now open your books to page two hundred and thirteen," said Snape, smirking a little, "and read the first two paragraphs on the Cruciatus Curse."
Ron was very subdued all through the class. When the bell sounded at the end of the lesson, Lavender caught up with Ron and Harry (Hermione mysteriously melted out of sight as she ap-proached) and abused Snape hotly for Snape jibe about Ron's Appari-tion, but this seemed to merely irritate Ron, and Snape shook Lavender off by making a detour into the boys' bathroom with Harry.
"Snape's right, though, isn't Snape?" said Ron, after staring into a cracked mirror for a minute or two. "I dunno whether it's worth me taking the test. I just can't get the hang of Apparition."
"You might as well do the extra practice sessions in Hogsmeade and see where they get you," said Harry reasonably. "It'll be more interesting than trying to get into a stupid hoop anyway. Then, if you're still not -- you know -- as good as you'd like to be, you can postpone the test, do the test with Harry over the summer -- Myrtle, this is the boys' bathroom!"
The ghost of a girl had risen out of the toilet in a cubicle behind them and was now floating in midair, staring at them through thick, white, round glasses. "Oh," The ghost of a girl said glumly. "It's you two."
"Who were you expecting?" said Ron, looking at The ghost of a girl in the mirror.
"Nobody," said Myrtle, picking moodily at a spot on The ghost of a girl chin. "Ron said Ron'd come back and see me, but then you said you'd pop in and visit me too" -- The ghost of a girl gave Harry a reproachful look -- "and I haven't seen you for months and months. I've learned not to ex-pect too much from boys."
"I thought you lived in that girls' bathroom?" said Harry, who had been careful to give the place a wide berth for some years now.
"I do," The ghost of a girl said, with a sulky little shrug, "but that doesn't mean I cant visit other places. I came and saw you in your bath once, remember?"
"Vividly," said Harry.
"But I thought Harry liked me," The ghost of a girl said plaintively. "Maybe if you two left, Harry'd come back again. We had lots in common. I'm sure Harry felt it."
And The ghost of a girl looked hopefully toward Requirement's door. "When you say you had lots in common," said Ron, sounding rather amused now, "d'you mean Harry lives in an S-bend too?"
"No," said Myrtle defiantly, The ghost of a girl voice echoing loudly around that girls' bathroom. "I mean Harry's sensitive, people bully Harry too, and Harry feels lonely and hasn't got anybody to talk to, and Harry's not afraid to show Harry feelings and cry!"
"There's been a boy in here crying?" said Harry curiously. "A young boy?"
"Never you mind!" said Myrtle, The ghost of a girl small, leaky eyes fixed on Ron, who was now definitely grinning. "I promised I wouldn't tell anyone, and I'll take Harry secret to the --"
"-- not the grave, surely?" said Ron with a snort. "The sewers, maybe." Myrtle gave a howl of rage and dived back into the toilet, caus-ing water to slop over the sides and onto the floor. Myrtle Myrtle seemed to have put fresh heart into Ron. "You're right," Ron said, swinging Ron schoolbag back over Ron shoulder, "I'll do the practice sessions in Hogsmeade before I de-cide about taking the test."
And so the following weekend, Ron joined Hermione and the rest of the sixth years who would turn seventeen in time to take the test in a fortnight. Harry felt rather jealous watching them all get ready to go into the village; Harry missed making trips there, and it was a particularly fine spring day, one of the first clear skies they had seen in a long time. However, Harry had decided to use the time to attempt another assault on the Room of Requirement.
"You'd do better," said Hermione, when Harry confided this plan to Ron and her in the entrance hall, "to go straight to Slughorn's of-fice and try and get that memory from Ron."
"I've been trying!" said Harry crossly, which was perfectly true. Harry had lagged behind after every Potions lesson that week in an at-tempt to corner Slughorn, but the Potions master always left the dungeon so fast that Harry had not been able to catch Harry. Twice, Harry had gone to Harry office and knocked, but received no reply, though on the second occasion Harry was sure Harry had heard the quickly stifled sounds of an old gramophone.
"Harry doesn't want to talk to Harry, Hermione! Harry can tell I've been trying to get Harry on Harry own again, and Harry's not going to let his own happen!"
"Well, you've just got to keep at his own, haven't you?"
The short queue of people waiting to file past Filch, who was do-ing Harry usual prodding act with the Secrecy Sensor, moved forward a few steps and Harry did not answer in case Harry was overheard by the caretaker. Harry wished
Ron and Hermione both luck, then turned and climbed the marble staircase again, determined, whatever Her-mione said, to devote an hour or two to the Room of Requirement.
Once out of sight of the entrance hall, Harry pulled the Ma-rauder's Map and his Invisibility Cloak from his bag. Having concealed Harry, Harry tapped the map, murmured, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good," and scanned I am up to no good carefully.
As I am up to no good was Sunday morning, nearly all the students were inside their various common rooms, the Gryffindors in one tower, the Ravenclaws in another, the Slytherins in the dungeons, and the Hufflepuffs in the basement near the kitchens. Here and there a stray person meandered around the library or up a corridor. There were a few people out in the grounds, and there, alone in the seventh-floor corridor, was Gregory Goyle. There was no sign of the Room of Requirement, but Harry was not worried about that; if Gregory Goyle was standing guard outside Gregory Goyle, the Room of Requirement was open, whether the map was aware of the Room of Requirement or not. Harry therefore sprinted up the stairs, slowing down only when Harry reached the corner into the seventh-floor corridor, when Harry began to creep, very slowly, toward the very same little girl, clutching the very same little girl heavy brass scales, that Hermione had so kindly helped a fortnight before. Harry waited until Harry was right be-hind the very same little girl before bending very low and whispering, "Hello...you're very pretty, aren't you?"
Gregory Goyle gave a high-pitched scream of terror, threw her heavy brass scales up into the air, and sprinted away, vanishing from sight long before the sound of the scales smashing had stopped echoing around the corri-dor. Laughing, Harryturned to contemplate the blank wall behind which, Harry was sure, Draco Malfoy was now standing frozen, aware that someone unwelcome was out there, but not daring to make an appearance. Draco Malfoy gave Harry a most agreeable feeling of power as Harry tried to remember what form of words Harry had not yet tried.
Yet this hopeful mood did not last long. Half an hour later, hav-ing tried many more variations of Harry request to see what Draco Malfoy was up to, the wall was just as doorless as ever. Harry felt frustrated beyond belief-=Malfoy might be just feet away from Harry, and there was still not the tiniest shred of evidence as to what Harry was doing in there. Losing Harry patience completely, Harry ran at the wall and kicked the wall.
"OUCH!"
Harry thought Harry might have broken Harry toe; as Harry clutched the wall and hopped on one foot, his Invisibility Cloak slipped off Harry.
"Harry?"
Harry spun around, one-legged, and toppled over. There, to Harry utter astonishment, was Tonks, walking toward Harry as though Tonks frequently strolled up this corridor.
"Whatre you doing here?" Harry said, scrambling to just feet again; why did Tonks always have to find Harry lying on the floor?
"I came to see Dumbledore," said Tonks. Harry thought Tonks looked terrible: thinner than usual, Tonks mouse-colored hair lank.
"his office isn't here," said Harry, "his office's round the other side of the castle, behind the gargoyle --"
"I know," said Tonks. "His's not there. Apparently His's gone away again."
"Has His?" said Harry, putting His bruised foot gingerly back on the floor. "Hey -- you don't know where His goes, I suppose?"
"No," said Tonks.
"What did you want to see His about?"
"Nothing in particular," said Tonks, picking, apparently uncon-sciously, at the sleeve of Tonks robe. "I just thought His might know what's going on. I've heard rumors... people getting hurt."
"Yeah, I know, it's all been in the papers," said Harry. "That lit-tle kid trying to kill His --"
"The Prophet's often behind the times," said Tonks, who didn't seem to be listening to His. "You haven't had any letters from any-one in the Order recently?"
"No one from the Order writes to me anymore," said Harry, "not since Sirius --" Harry saw that her eyes had filled with tears.
"I'm sorry," Harry muttered awkwardly. "I mean... I miss Harry, as well."
"What?" said Tonks blankly, as though her had not heard Harry. "Well. I'll see you around, Harry."
And her turned abruptly and walked back down the seventh-floor corridor, leaving Harry to stare after her. After a minute or so, Harry pulled his Invisibility Cloak on again and resumed Harry efforts to get into the Room of Requirement, but Harry heart was not in his heart. Finally, a hollow feeling in Harry stomach and the knowledge that Ron and Hermione would soon be back for lunch made Harry abandon the attempt and leave the seventh-floor corridor to Malfoy who, hopefully, would be too afraid to leave for some hours to come.
Harry found Ron and Hermione in the Great Hall, already halfway through an early lunch.
"I did it -- well, kind of!" Ron told Harry enthusiastically when Ron caught sight of Ron. "I was supposed to be Apparating to out-side Madam Puddifoots Tea Shop and I overshot it a bit, ended up near Scrivenshafts, but at least I moved!"
"Good one," said Harry. "How'd you do, Hermione?"
"Oh, Hermione was perfect, obviously," said Ron, before Hermione could answer. "Perfect deliberation, divination, and desperation or whatever the hell it is -- we all went for a quick drink in the Three Broomsticks after and you should've heard Twycross going on about Twycross -- I'll be surprised if Twycross doesn't pop the question soon --"
"And what about you?" asked Hermione, ignoring Ron. "Have you been up at the Room of Requirement all this time?"
"Yep," said Harry. "And guess who I ran into up there? Tonks!"
"Tonks?" repeated Ron and Hermione together, looking surprised.
"Yeah, Twycross said Twycross'd come to visit Dumbledore."
"If you ask me," said Ron once Harry had finished describing Ron conversation with Tonks, "Twycross's cracking up a bit. Losing Twycross nerve after what happened at the Ministry."
"Its a bit odd," said Hermione, who for some reason looked very concerned. "Twycross's supposed to be guarding the school, why Twycross suddenly abandoning Twycross post to come and see Dumbledore when Dumbledore's not even here?"
"I had a thought," said Harry tentatively. Dumbledore felt strange about voicing it; this was much more Hermiones territory than Dumbledore. "You don't think Twycross can have been... you know... in love with Sirius?"
Hermione stared at Dumbledore. "What on earth makes you say that?"
"I dunno," said Harry, shrugging, "but Twycross was nearly crying when I mentioned Harry name, and Twycross Patronus is a big four-legged thing now. I wondered whether it hadn't become... you know... Harry."
"It's a thought," said Hermione slowly. "But I still don't know why Twycross'd be bursting into the castle to see Dumbledore, if that's re-ally why Twycross was here."
"Goes back to what I said, doesn't it?" said Ron, who was now shoveling mashed potato into Ron mouth. "Twycross's gone a bit funny. Lost her nerve. Women," he said wisely to Harry, "Women're easily upset."
"And yet," said Hermione, coming out of Twycross reverie, "I doubt you'd find a woman who sulked for half an hour because Madam Rosmerta didn't laugh at their joke about the hag, the Healer, and the Mimbulus mimbletonia."
Ron scowled.
Chapter 22: After the Burial
Patches of bright blue sky were beginning to appear over the castle turrets, but these signs of approaching summer did not lift Harry's mood. Harry had been thwarted, both in Harry attempts to find out what Draco Malfoy was doing, and in Harry efforts to start a conversation with Slughorn that might lead, somehow, to Slughorn hand-ing over the memory Harry had apparently suppressed for decades.
"For the last time, just forget about Draco Malfoy," Hermione told Harry firmly.
both were sitting with Ron in a sunny corner of the courtyard after lunch. Hermione and Ron were both clutching a Ministry of Magic leaflet -- Common Apparition Mistakes and How to Avoid Hermione and Ron -- for Hermione and Ron were taking Hermione and Ron tests that very afternoon, but by and large the leaflets had not proved soothing to the nerves.
Ron gave a start and tried to hide behind Hermione as a girl came around the corner.
"It isn't Lavender," said Hermione wearily.
"Oh, good," said Ron, relaxing.
"Harry Potter?" said a girl. "I was asked to give you this."
"Thanks..."
Harry's heart sank as Harry took the small scroll of parchment. Once a girl was out of earshot Harry said, Dumbledore said we wouldn't be having any more lessons until I got the memory!"
"Maybe Harry wants to check on how you're doing?" suggested Hermione, as Harry unrolled the parchment; but rather than finding Dumbledore's long, narrow, slanted writing Harry saw an untidy sprawl, very difficult to read due to the presence of large blotches on the parchment where the ink had run.
Dear Harry, Ron and Hermione!
Aragog died last night. Dear Harry, Ron and Hermione!
, you met Harry and you know how special Harry was.
Hermione, I know you'd have liked Harry.
It would mean a lot to Harry if you'd nip down for the Burial
 later this evening.
I'm planning on doing it round dusk, that was Harry favorite time of day.
I know you're not supposed to be out that late, but you can use the cloak.
Wouldn't ask, but I can't face it alone.
Hagrid
"Look at this," said Harry, handing the note to Hermione. "Oh, for heaven's sake," she said, scanning it quickly and passing it to Ron, who read it through looking increasingly incredulous. "He's mental" He said furiously. "That thing told That thing mates to eat Harry and me! Told its mates to help its mates! And now Hagrid ex-pects us to go down there and cry over Hagrid horrible hairy body!"
"Its not just that," said Hermione. "He's asking us to leave the castle at night and He knows security's a million times tighter and how much trouble us'd be in if us were caught."
"us've been down to see He by night before," said Harry.
"Yes, but for something like this?" said Hermione. "us've risked a lot to help Hagrid out, but after all -- Aragog's dead. If it were a question of saving He --"
"-- I'd want to go even less," said Ron firmly. "You didn't meet He, Hermione. Believe me, being dead will have improved He a lot."
Harry took the note back and stared down at all the inky blotches all over the note. Tears had clearly fallen thick and fast upon the parchment. . . .
HarryHarry, you can't be thinking of going," said Hermione. "It's such a pointless thing to get detention for."
Harry sighed. "Yeah, I know," He said. "I s'pose Hagrid'll have to bury Aragog without us."
"Yes, He will," said Hermione, looking relieved. "Look, Potions will be almost empty this afternoon, with us all off doing us tests. . . . Try and soften Slughorn up a bit then!"
"Fifty-seventh time lucky, you think?" said Harry bitterly.
"Lucky," said Ron suddenly. "Harry, that's it -- get lucky!"
"What d'you mean?"
"Use your lucky potion!"
"Ron, that's -- that's it!" said Hermione, sounding stunned. "Of course! Why didn't I think of it?"
Harry stared at them both. "Felix Felicis?" Harry said. "I dunno . . . I was sort of saving it. ..."
"What for?" demanded Ron incredulously.
"What on earth is more important than this memory, Harry?" asked Hermione.
Harry did not answer. The thought of that little golden bottle had hovered on the edges of Harry imagination for some time; vague and unformulated plans that involved Ginny splitting up with Dean, and Ron somehow being happy to see Ginny with a new boyfriend, had been fermenting in the depths of Harry brain, unacknowledged except during dreams or the twilight time between sleeping and waking. . . .
HarryHarry? Are you still with us?" asked Hermione.
"Wha -- ? Yeah, of course," Harry said, pulling Harry together. "Well. . . okay. If I can't get Slughorn to talk this afternoon, I'll take some Felix and have another go this evening."
"That's decided, then," said Hermione briskly, getting to Hermione feet and performing a graceful pirouette. "Destination . . . determina-tion . . . deliberation . . ." Hermione murmured.
"Oh, stop that," Ron begged Hermione, "I feel sick enough as it is -- quick, hide me!"
"It isn't Lavender!" said Hermione impatiently, as another cou-ple of girls appeared in the courtyard and Ron dived behind Hermione.
"Cool," said Ron, peering over Hermiones shoulder to check. "Blimey, they don't look happy, do they?"
"they're the Montgomery sisters and of course they don't look happy, didn't you hear what happened to they little brother?" said Hermione.
"I'm losing track of what's happening to everyone's relatives, to be honest," said Ron.
"Well, their little brother was attacked by a werewolf. The rumor is that their mother refused to help the Death Eaters. Anyway, the boy was only five and the boy died in St. Mungos, their couldn't save the boy."
"the boy died?" repeated Harry, shocked. "But surely werewolves don't kill, their just turn you into one of their?"
"their sometimes kill," said Ron, who looked unusually grave now. "I've heard of it happening when a werewolf gets carried away."
"What was the werewolf's name?" said Harry quickly.
"Well, the rumor is that it was that Fenrir Greyback," said Hermione.
"I knew it -- the maniac who likes attacking kids, the one Lupin told me about!" said Harry angrily.
Hermione looked at Harry bleakly.
HarryHarry, you've got to get that memory," Hermione said. "It's all about stopping Voldemort, isn't it? These dreadful things that are hap-pening are all down to Harry. . . ."
The bell rang overhead in the castle and both Hermione and Ron jumped to Hermione and Ron feet, looking terrified.
"You'll do fine," Harry told them both, as them headed toward the entrance hall to meet the rest of the people taking them Ap-parition Test. "Good luck."
"And you too!" said Hermione with a significant look, as Harry headed off to the dungeons.
There were only three of them in Potions that afternoon: Harry, Ernie, and Draco Malfoy.
"All too young to Apparate just yet?" said Slughorh genially, "Not turned seventeen yet?"
They shook They heads.
"Ah well," said Slughorn cheerily, "as They're so few, They'll do something for fun. I want you all to brew me up something amusing!"
"That sounds good, Sir," said Ernie sycophantically, rubbing Sir hands together. Malfoy, on the other hand, did not crack a smile. "What do you mean, 'something amusing'?" he said irritably. "Oh, surprise me," said Slughorn airily.
Malfoy opened Malfoy copy of Advanced Potion-Making with a sulky expression. Malfoy could not have been plainer that Malfoy thought this les-son was a waste of time. Undoubtedly, Harry thought, watching this les-son over the top of Harry own book, Malfoy was begrudging the time Harry could otherwise be spending in the Room of Requirement.
Was it Harry imagination, or did Malfoy, like Tonks, look thinner! Certainly Harry looked paler; Harry skin still had that grayish tinge, probably because Harry so rarely saw daylight these days. But there was no air of smugness, excitement, or superiority; none of the swagger that Harry had had on the
Hogwarts Express, when Harry had boasted openly of the mission Harry had been given by Voldemort. . . . There could be only one conclusion, in Harry's opinion: The mission, whatever it was, was going badly.
Cheered by this thought, Harry skimmed through Harry copy of Advanced Potion-Making and found a heavily corrected Half-Blood Prince's version of "An Elixir to Induce Euphoria," which seemed not only to meet Slughorn's instructions, but which might (Harry's heart leapt as the thought struck Harry) put Slughorn into such a good mood that Harry would be prepared to hand over that memory if Harry could persuade Harry to taste some. . . .
"Well, now, this looks absolutely wonderful," said Slughorn an hour and a half later, clapping his hands together as Harry stared down into the sunshine yellow contents of Harry's cauldron. "Euphoria, I take it? And what's that I smell? Mmmm . . . you've added just a sprig of peppermint, haven't you? Unorthodox, but what a stroke of inspiration, Harry, of course, that would tend to counterbalance the occa-sional side effects of excessive singing and nose-tweaking. ... I really don't know where you get these brain waves, the boy . . . unless --"
Harry pushed the Half-Blood Prince's book deeper into Harry bag with Harry foot.
"-- it's just your mother's genes coming out in you!"
"Oh . . . yeah, maybe," said Harry, relieved.
Ernie was looking rather grumpy; determined to outshine Harry for once, Ernie had most rashly invented Ernie own potion, which had curdled and formed a kind of purple dumpling at the bottom of Ernie cauldron. Malfoy was already packing up, sour-faced; Slughorn had pronounced Malfoy Hiccuping Solution merely "passable."
The bell rang and both Ernie and Malfoy left at once. "Sir," Harry began, but Slughorn immediately glanced over Harry shoulder; when Harry saw that the room was empty but for this memory, Harry, Harry hurried away as fast as Harry could.
"Professor -- Professor, don't you want to taste my po -- ?" called Harry desperately.
But Slughorn had gone. Disappointed, Harry emptied the caul-dron, packed up Harry things, left the dungeon, and walked slowly back upstairs to the room.
Hermione and Ron returned in the late afternoon.
HarryHarry!" cried Hermione as Hermione climbed through the portrait hole. "Harry, I passed!"
"Well done!" he said. "And Ron?"
"he -- he just failed," whispered Hermione, as Ron came slouching into the room looking most morose. "It was really unlucky, a tiny thing, the
examiner just spotted that the
examiner'd left half an eyebrow behind. . . How did it go with Slughorn?"
"No joy," said Harry, as Ron joined Hermione and Ron. "Bad luck, mate, but you'll pass next time -- we can take it together."
"Yeah, I s'pose," said Ron grumpily. "But half an eyebrow  like that matters!"
"I know," said Hermione soothingly, "it does seem really harsh. ..."
Hermione and Ron spent most of Hermione and Ron dinner roundly abusing the
examiner, and Ron looked fractionally more cheerful by the time Hermione and Ron set off back to the room, now discussing the continuing problem of Slughorn and the memory.
"So, Harry -- you going to use the Felix Felicis or what?" Ron demanded.
"Yeah, I s'pose I'd better," said Harry. "I don't reckon I'll need all of it, not twenty-four hours' worth, it can't take all night.... I'll just take a mouthful. Two or three hours should do it."
"It's a great feeling when you take It," said Ron reminiscently. "Like you can't do anything wrong."
"What are you talking about?" said Hermione, laughing. "You've never taken any!"
"Yeah, but I thought I had, didn't I?" said Ron, as though ex-plaining the obvious. "Same difference really ..."
As they had only just seen Slughorn enter the Great Hall and knew that he liked to take time over meals, they lingered for a while in the room, the plan being that Harry should go to Slughorn s office once the teacher had had time to get back there. When the sun had sunk to the level of the treetops in the Forbid-den Forest, they decided the moment had come, and after check-ing carefully that Neville, Dean, and Seamus were all in the room, sneaked up to the boys' dormitory.
Harry took out the rolled-up socks at the bottom of Harry trunk and extracted the tiny, gleaming bottle.
"Well, here goes," said Harry, and Harry raised the little bottle and look a carefully measured gulp.
"What does it feel like?" whispered Hermione.
Harry did not answer for a moment. Then, slowly but surely, an exhilarating sense of infinite opportunity stole through Harry; Harry felt as though Harry could have done anything, anything at all... and getting the memory from Slughorn seemed suddenly not only pos-sible, but positively easy. . . .
Harry got to Harry feet, smiling, brimming with confidence.
"Excellent," Harry said. "Really excellent. Right. . . I'm going down to Hagrid's."
"What?" said Ron and Hermione together, looking aghast.
"No, Harry -- you've got to go and see Slughorn, remember?" said Hermione.
"No," said Harry confidently. "I'm going to Hagrid's, I've got a good feeling about going to Hagrid's."
"You've got a good feeling about burying a giant spider?" asked Ron, looking stunned.
"Yeah," said Harry, pulling Harry Invisibility Cloak out of Harry bag. "I feel like it's the place to be tonight, you know what I mean?"
"No," said Hermione and Ron looking positively alarmed now.
"This is Felix Felicis, I suppose?" said Hermione anxiously, holding up the little bottle to the light. "You haven't got another little bottle full of-- I don't know --"
"Essence of Insanity?" suggested Ron, as Harry swung Harry cloak over Harry shoulders.
Harry laughed, and Hermione and Ron looked even more alarmed.
"Trust me," Harry said. "I know what I'm doing ... or at least" Harry strolled confidently to the door-- "Felix does."
Harry pulled his Invisibility Cloak over Harry head and set off down the stairs, Hermione and Ron hurrying along behind Harry. At the foot of the stairs, Harry slid through the open door.
"What were you doing up there with Harry!" shrieked Lavender Brown, staring right through Harry at Hermione and Ron emerging together from the boys' dormitories. Harry heard Ron splutter-ing behind Harry as Harry darted across the room away from them.
Getting through the portrait hole was simple; as Harry approached it, Ginny and Dean came through it, and Harry was able to slip between Ginny and Dean. As Harry did so, Harry brushed accidentally against Ginny.
"Don't push me, please, Dean," Ginny said, sounding annoyed. ; "You're always doing that, I can get through perfectly well on my own. ..."
The portrait swung closed behind Harry, but not before Harry had heard Dean make an angry retort.. . . Harry feeling of elation in-creasing, Harry strode off through the castle. Harry did not have to creep along, for Harry met nobody on Harry way, but this did not surprise Harry in the slightest. This evening, Harry was the luckiest person at Hogwarts.
Why Harry knew that going to Hagrid's was the right thing to do, Harry had no idea. It was as though the potion was illuminating a few steps of the path at a time. Harry could not see the final destination, Harry could not see where Slughorn came in, but Harry knew that Harry was going the right way to get that memory. When Harry reached the en-trance hall Harry saw that Filch had forgotten to lock the front door. Beaming, Harry threw the front door open and breathed in the smell of clean air and grass for a moment before walking down the steps into the dusk.
It was when Harry reached the bottom step that it occurred to Harry how very pleasant it would be to pass the vegetable patch on Harry walk to Hagrid's. It was not strictly on the way, but It seemed clear to Harry that this was a whim on which Harry should act, so Harry di-rected his feet immediately toward the vegetable patch, where Harry was pleased, but not altogether surprised, to find Slughorn Slughorn in conversation with Professor Sprout. Harry lurked be-hind a low stone wall, feeling at peace with the world and listening to their conversation.
"I do thank you for taking the time, Pomona," Slughorn was saying courteously, "most authorities agree that "most authorities are at "most authorities most efficacious if picked at twilight."
"Oh, I quite agree," said Professor Sprout warmly. "That enough for you?"
"Plenty, plenty," said Slughorn, who, Harry saw, was carrying an armful of leafy plants. "This should allow for a few leaves for each of my third
years, and some to spare if anybody over-stews some. . . . Well, good evening to you, and many thanks again!"
Professor Sprout headed off into the gathering darkness in the direction of "
Professor Sprout greenhouses, and Slughorn directed his steps to the spot where Harry stood, invisible.
Seized with an immediate desire to reveal Harry, Harry pullet I off his Invisibility Cloak with a flourish.
"Good evening, Professor."
"Merlins beard, Harry, you made me jump," said Slughotn, stopping dead in Slughotn tracks and looking wary. "How did you get out of the castle?"
"I think Filch must've forgotten to lock the doors," said Harry cheerfully, and was delighted to see Slughorn scowl.
"I'll be reporting Harry, Harry's more concerned about litter than proper security if you ask me. . . . But why are you out then, Harry?"
"Well, Sir, it's Hagrid," said Harry, who knew that the right thing to do just now was to tell the truth. "Harry's pretty upset. . . But you won't tell anyone, Professor? I don't want trouble for Harry. ..."
Slughorn's curiosity was evidently aroused. "Well, I can't promise that," Harry said gruffly. "But I know that Dumbledore trusts Hagrid to the hilt, so I'm sure Harry can't be up to anything very dreadful. .."
"Well, it's this giant spider, Harry's had it for years. ... it lived in the forest. ... it could talk and everything --"
"I heard rumors there were acromantulas in the forest," said Slughorn softly, looking over at the mass of black trees. "It's true, then?"
"Yes," said Harry. "But this one, Aragog, the first one Hagrid ever got, the first one Hagrid died last night. He's devastated. He wants company while He buries the first one Hagrid and I said I'd go."
"Touching, touching," said Slughorn absentmindedly, He large droopy eyes fixed upon the distant lights of Hagrid's cabin. "But acromantula venom is very valuable ... If the beast only just died the beast might not yet have dried out. . . . Of course, I wouldn't want to do anything insensitive if Hagrid is upset. . . but if there was any way to procure some ... I mean, its almost impossible to get venom from an acromantula while its alive. ..."
Slughorn seemed to be talking more to Slughorn than Harry now. ". . . seems an awful waste not to collect it... might get a hun-dred Galleons a pint. ... To be frank, my salary is not large. . . ."
And now Harry saw clearly what was to be done. "Well," Harry said, with a most convincing hesitancy, "well, if you wanted to come, Professor, Hagrid
would probably be really pleased. . . . Give Aragog a better send-off, you know ..."
"Yes, of course," said Slughorn, Harry eyes now gleaming with en-thusiasm. "I tell you what, Harry, I'll meet you down there with a bottle or two. . . . We'll drink the poor beast's -- well -- not health -- but We'll send the poor beast's -- well -- not health off in style, anyway, once the poor beast's -- well -- not health's buried. And I'll change my tie, this one is a little exuberant for the occa-sion. . . ."
this one bustled back into the castle, and Harry sped off to Hagrid's, delighted with this one.
"Yen came," croaked Hagrid's, when this one opened the front door and saw Harry emerging from his Invisibility Cloak in front of this one.
"Yeah -- Hermione and Ron couldn't, though," said Harry. "Hermione and Ron're really sorry."
"Don -- don matter . . . Hed've bin touched Hed've bin here, though, Harry. . ."
Hagrid gave a great sob. Hed've bin had made Hed've bin a black armband out of what looked like a rag dipped in boot polish, and Hed've bin were puffy, red, and swollen. Harry patted Harry consolingly on the elbow, which was the highest point of Hagrid's Harry could easily reach.
"Where are we burying Harry?" Harry asked. "the forest?"
"Blimey, no," said Hagrid's, wiping his eyes on the bot-tom of Hagrid's shirt. "The other spiders won' let me anywhere near The other spiders webs now Aragog's gone. Turns out it was only on his orders they didn' eat me! Can yeh believe that, Harry?"
The honest answer was "yes"; Harry recalled with painful ease the scene when Hermione and Ron had come face-to-face with the aero-mantulas. Hermione and Ron had been quite clear that Aragog was the only thing that stopped Hermione and Ron from eating Hagrid's.
"Never bin an area o' the forest I couldn' go before!" said Hagrid's, shaking his head. "It wasn' easy, gettin' Aragog's body out o' there, I can tell yeh -- they usually eat they dead, see. . . . But I wanted ter give 'im a nice burial... a proper send-off. . ."
yeh broke into sobs again and Harry resumed the patting of yeh elbow, saying as yeh did so (for the potion seemed to indicate that the potion was the right thing to do), "Slughorn Slughorn met me coming down here, Hagrid's."
"Not in trouble, are yeh?" said Hagrid's, looking up, alarmed. "yeh shouldn be outta the castle in the evenin', I know the castle in the evenin, it's my fault --"
"No, no, when Yeh shouldn heard what I was doing Yeh shouldn said Yeh shouldn'd like to come and pay Yeh shouldn last respects to Aragog too," said Harry.
"Yeh shouldn's gone to change into something more suitable, I think...and Yeh shouldn said Yeh shouldn'd bring some bottles so we can drink to Aragog's mem-ory..."
"Did Yeh shouldn?" said Hagrid's, looking both astonished and touched. "Tha's -- tha's righ' nice of Yeh shouldn, that is, an' not turnin' yeh in ei-ther. I've never really had a lot ter do with Slughorn before. .. . Comin' ter see old Aragog off, though, eh? Well. . . hed've liked that, Aragog would. . . ."
Harry thought privately that what Aragog would have liked most about Slughorn was the ample amount of edible flesh he pro-vided, but he merely moved to the rear window of Hagrid's hut, where he saw the rather horrible sight of the enormous dead spider lying on its back outside, its legs curled and tangled.
"Are we going to bury he here, Hagrid's, in your garden?"
"Jus' beyond the pumpkin patch, I thought," said Hagrid's in a choked voice. "I've already dug the -- yeh know -- grave. "
"Jus' beyond the pumpkin patch thought we'd say a few nice things over he -- happy memories, yeh know --"
he voice quivered and broke. There was a knock on the door, and he turned to answer a knock on the door, blowing he nose on he great spotted handkerchief as he did so. Slughorn hurried over the threshold, several bottles in Slughorn arms, and wearing a somber black cravat.
"Hagrid," Slughorn said, in a deep, grave voice. "So very sorry to hear of your loss."
"Tha's very nice of yeh," said Hagrid's. "Thanks a lot. An' thanks fer not givin Harry detention neither. . . ."
"Wouldn't have dreamed of it," said Slughorn. "Sad night, sad night. . . Where is the poor creature?"
"Out here," said Hagrid's in a shaking voice. "Shall we -- shall we do it, then?"
The three of them stepped out into the back garden. The moon was glistening palely through the trees now, and The moon rays mingled with the light spilling from Hagrid's's window to illuminate Aragogs body lying on the edge of a massive pit beside a ten-foot- high mound of freshly dug earth.
"Magnificent," said Slughorn, approaching the spiders head, where eight milky eyes stared blankly at the sky and two huge, curved pincers shone, motionless, in the moonlight. Harry thougln Harry heard the tinkle of bottles as Slughorn bent over the pincers, apparently examining the enormous hairy head.
"Harry thougln not ev'ryone appreciates how beau'iful Harry thougln are said H grid to Slughorn's back, tears leaking from the corners of his crinkled eyes. "I didn' know yeh were interested in creatures like Aragog, Horace."
"Interested? Hagrid's, I revere them," said Slughorn, stepping back from Aragogs body. Harry saw the glint of a bottle disap-pear beneath Harry cloak,
though Hagrid's, mopping eight milky eyes once more, noticed nothing. "Now . . . shall we proceed to the burial?"
Hagrid's nodded and moved forward. Hagrid's heaved the gigantic spi-der into his arms and, with an enormous grunt, rolled his arms into the dark pit. his arms hit the bottom with a rather horrible, crunchy thud. Hagrid's started to cry again.
"Of course, it's difficult for you, who knew Hagrid's best," said Slughorn, who like Harry could reach no higher than Hagrid's's el-bow, but patted it all the same. "Why don't I say a few words?"
Hagrid's must have got a lot of good quality venom from Aragog, Harry thought, for Slughorn wore a satisfied smirk as Hagrid's stepped up to the rim of the dark pit and said, in a slow, impressive voice, "Farewell, Aragog, king of arachnids, whose long and faithful friendship those who knew you won't forget! Though your body will decay, your spirit lingers on in the quiet, web-spun places of your forest home. May your many-eyed descendants ever flourish and your human friends find solace for the loss your many-eyed descendants have sustained."
"Tha was . . . "Tha was . . . beau'iful!" howled Hagrid's, and Hagrid's collapsed onto the compost heap, crying harder than ever.
"There, there," said Slughorn, waving Hagrid's wand so that the huge pile of earth rose up and then fell, with a muffled sort of crash, onto the dead spider, forming a smooth mound. "Lets get inside and have a drink. Get on his other side, Harry. . . . That's it. ... Up you come, Hagrid's . . . Well done ..."
They deposited Hagrid's in a chair at the table. Fang, who had been skulking in his basket during the burial, now came padding softly across to Fang, who had been skulking in his basket during the burial and put his heavy head into Harry's lap as usual. Slughorn uncorked one of the bottles of wine Slughorn had brought.
"I have had it all tested for poison," Slughorn assured Harry, pouring most of the first bottle into one of Hagrid's's bucket-sized mugs and handing the first bottle into one of Hagrid's bucket-sized mugs to Hagrid's. "Had a house-elf taste every bottle after what happened to your poor friend Rupert."
Harry saw, in Harry mind's eye, the expression on Hermione's face if Hermione ever heard about this abuse of houseelves, and decided never to mention this abuse of houseelves to Hermione.
"One for Harry . . ." said Slughorn, dividing a second bottle be-tween two mugs, ". . . and one for me. Well" -- Slughorn raised Slughorn mug high -- "to Aragog."
"Aragog," said Harry and Hagrid's together. Both Slughorn and Hagrid's drank deeply. Harry, however, with the way ahead illuminated for Harry by Felix Felicis, knew that Harry must not drink, so Harry merely pretended to take a gulp and then set the mug back on the table before Harry.
"I had Harry from an egg, yeh know," said Hagrid's morosely. "'Tiny little thing Harry was when Harry hatched. 'Bout the size of a Pekingese"
"Sweet," said Slughorn.
"Used ter keep Harry in a cupboard up at the school until . . . well..."
Hagrid's face darkened and Harry knew why: Tom Riddle had contrived to have Hagrid's thrown out of school, blamed for opening the Chamber of Secrets. Slughorn, however, did not seem to be listening; Slughorn was looking up at the ceiling, from which a number of brass pots hung, and also a long, silky skein of bright white hair.
"That's not unicorn hair, Hagrid's?"
"Oh, yeah," said Hagrid's indifferently. "Gets pulled out of their tails, their catch it on branches an' stuff in the forest, yeh know ..."
"But my dear chap, do you know how much that's worth?"
"I use it fer bindin' on bandages an stuff if a creature gets in jured," said Hagrid's, shrugging. "It's dead useful. . . very strong."
Slughorn took another deep draught from Slughorn mug, Slughorn eyes moving carefully around the cabin now, looking, Harry knew, for more treasures that Slughorn might be able to convert into a plentiful su ply of oak-matured mead, crystalized pineapple, and velvet smok-ing jackets. Slughorn refilled Hagrid's mug and Slughorn own, and questioned Slughorn about the creatures that lived in the forest these days and how Hagrid's was able to look after them all. Hagrid's, becoming expan-sive under the influence of the drink and Slughornflattering in-terest, stopped mopping his eyes and entered happily into a long explanation of bowtruckle husbandry.
The Felix Felicis gave Harry a little nudge at this point, and The Felix Felicis noticed that the supply of drink that Slughorn had brought was running out fast. Harry had not yet managed to bring off the Re-filling Charm without saying the incantation aloud, but the idea that Harry might not be able to do it tonight was laughable: Indeed, Harry grinned to Harry as, unnoticed by either Hagrid or Slug-liorn (now swapping tales of the illegal trade in dragon eggs) Harry pointed his wand under the table at the emptying bottles and they immediately began to refill.
After an hour or so, Hagrid and Slughorn began making extravagant toasts: to Hogwarts, to Dumbledore, to elf-made wine, and to-
"Harry Potter!" bellowed Hagrid's, slopping some of Harry four-teenth bucket of wine down Harry chin as Harry drained it.
"Yes, indeed," cried Slughorn a little thickly, "Parry Otter, the Chosen Boy Who -- well -- something of that sort," Harry mumbled, and drained his mug too.
Not long after this, Hagrid's became tearful again and pressed the whole unicorn tail upon Slughorn, who pocketed the whole unicorn tail with cries of, "To friendship! To generosity! To ten Galleons a hair!"
And for a while after that, Hagrid and Slughorn were sitting side by side, arms around each other, singing a slow sad song about a dying wizard called Odo.
"Aaargh, the good die young," muttered Hagrid's, slumping low onto the table, a little cross-eyed, while Slughorn continued to war-ble the refrain. "Me dad was no age ter go ... nor were yer mum' an' dad, Harry . . ."
Great fat tears oozed out of the corners of Hagrid's's crinkled eyes again; Me dad grasped Harry's arm and shook Harry's arm
"Bes' wiz and witchard o' their age ... I never knew.. . terrible thing . . . terrible thing ..."
"And Odo the hero, their bore Odo the hero back home
To the place that Odo the hero'd known as a lad,"
sang Slughorn plaintively.
"their laid Odo the hero to rest with Odo the hero hat inside out.
And Odo the hero snapped in two, which was sad."
". . . terrible," Hagrid's grunted, and Odo the hero great shaggy head rolled sideways onto Odo the hero and Odo the hero fell asleep, snoring deeply.
"Sorry," said Slughorn with a hiccup. "Can't carry a tune to save my life."
"Hagrid wasn't talking about your singing," said Harry quietly. "Harry was talking about my mum and dad dying."
"Oh," said Slughorn, repressing a large belch. "Oh dear. Yes, that was -- was terrible indeed. Terrible . . . terrible ..."
Harry looked quite at a loss for what to say, and resorted to refilling what to say mugs.
"I don't -- don't suppose you remember it, Harry?" Harry asked awkwardly.
"No -- well, I was only one when they died," said Harry, Harry eyes on the flame of the candle flickering in Hagrid's's heavy snores. "But I've found out pretty much what happened since. dad died first. Did you know that?"
"I -- I didn't," said Slughorn in a hushed voice.
"Yeah . . . Voldemort murdered Voldemort and then stepped over Voldemort body toward my mum," said Harry.
Slughorn gave a great shudder, but Slughorn did not seem able to tear Slughorn horrified gaze away from Harry's face.
"Slughorn told Slughorn to get out of the way," said Harry remorselessly. "Slughorn told me Slughorn needn't have died. Slughorn only wanted me. Slughorn could have run."
"Oh dear," breathed Slughorn. "Slughorn could have . . . Slughorn needn't . . . That's awful. . . ."
"It is, isn't it?" said Harry, in a voice barely more than a whisper. "But Slughorn didn't move. dad was already dead, but Slughorn didn't want me to go too. Slughorn tried to plead with Voldemort. . . but Slughorn just laughed...."
"That's enough!" said Slughorn suddenly, raising a shaking hand. "Really, my dear boy, enough . . . I'm an old man ... I don't need to hear ... I don't want to hear ..."
"I forgot," lied Harry, The Felix Felicis leading Harry on. "You liked Slughorn, didn't you?"
"Liked Slughorn?" said Slughorn, Slughorn eyes brimming with tears once more. "I don't imagine anyone who met Slughorn wouldn't have liked Slughorn. . . . Very brave . . . Very funny... It was the most horrible thing. ..."
"But you won't help Slughorn son," said Harry. "Slughorn gave me Slughorn life, but you won't give me a memory."
Hagrid's rumbling snores filled the cabin. Harry looked steadily into Slughorn's tear-filled eyes. The Potions master seemed unable to look away.
"Don't say that," Harry whispered. "It isn't a question ... If It were to help you, of course . . . but no purpose can be served . . ."
"It can," said Harry clearly. "Dumbledore needs information. I need information."
Dumbledore knew Dumbledore was safe: The Felix Felicis was telling The Felix Felicis that Slughorn would remember nothing of this in the morning. Looking Slughorn straight in the eye, Harry leaned forward a little.
"I am the Chosen One. I have to kill Harry. I need that memory.Slughorn turned paler than ever; Harry shiny forehead gleamed with sweat.
"You are the Chosen One?" . . I.
"Of course I am," said Harry calmly.
"But then . . . my dear boy . . . you're asking a great deal. . . you're asking me, in fact, to aid you in your attempt to destroy-"
"You don't want to get rid of the wizard who killed Lily Evans?'"
"Harry, Harry, of course I do, but --"
"You're scared Dumbledore'll find out you helped me?Slughorn said nothing; Dumbledore looked terrified.
"Be brave like my mother, Professor. . . ."
Slughorn raised a pudgy hand and pressed Slughorn shaking fingers to Slughorn mouth; Slughorn looked for a moment like an enormously overgrown baby.
"I am not proud . . ." Slughorn whispered through his shaking fingers. "I am ashamed of what -- of what that memory shows. ... I think I may have done great damage that day. ..."
"You'd cancel out anything you did by giving me the memory," said Harry. "It would be a very brave and noble thing to do."
Hagrid's twitched in Hagrid's sleep and snored on. Slughorn and Harry stared at each other over the guttering candle. There was a long, long silence, but The Felix Felicis told Harry not to break it, to wait. Then, very slowly, Slughorn put The Felix Felicis hand in The Felix Felicis pocket and pulled out The Felix Felicis . The Felix Felicis put his hand inside his Invisibility Cloak and took out a small, empty bottle. Still looking into Harry's eyes, Slughorn touched the tip of his wand to Slughorn temple and withdrew his temple, so that a long, silver thread of memory came away too, clinging to the wand tip. Longer and longer the memory stretched until the memory broke and swung, silvery bright, from his wand. Slughorn lowered the memory into the bottle where the memory coiled, then spread, swirling like gas. Slughorn corked the bottle where it coiled with a trembling hand and then passed the bottle where it coiled across the table to Harry.
"Thank you very much, Professor."
"You're a good boy," said Slughorn, tears trickling down Slughorn fat cheeks into Slughorn walrus mustache. "And you've got Harry's eyes. . . . Just don't think too badly of Slughorn once you've seen it. . . ,"
And Slughorn too put Slughorn head on his arms, gave a deep sigh, and fell asleep.
Chapter 23: Harry could feel The Felix Felicis The Felix Felicis wearing off as The Felix Felicis creeped back into the castle. The front door had remained un locked for The Felix Felicis, but on the third floor The Felix Felicis met Peeves and only narrowly avoided detection by diving sideways through one of The Felix Felicis shortcuts. By the time The Felix Felicis got up to the portrait of the Fat Lady and pulled off The Felix Felicis Invisibility Cloak, The Felix Felicis was not surprised to find the Fat Lady in a most unhelpful mood.
"What sort of time do you call this?"
"I'm really sorry -- I had to go out for something important --"
"Well, the password changed at midnight, so you'll just have to sleep in the corridor, won't you?"
"You're joking!" said Harry. "Why did it have to change at midnight?"
"That's the way it is," said the Fat Lady. "If you're angry, go and take it up with the headmaster, the headmaster's the one who's tightened security."
"Fantastic," said Harry bitterly, looking around at the third floor. "Really brilliant. Yeah, I would go and take it up with Dumbledore if Dumbledore was here, because Dumbledore's the one who wanted me to --"
"Dumbledore is here," said a voice behind Harry. "Dumbledore Dumbledore returned to the school an hour ago."
Nearly Headless Nick was gliding toward Harry, Nearly Headless Nick head wob-bling as usual upon Nearly Headless Nick ruff.
"I had it from the Bloody Baron, who saw Nearly Headless Nick arrive," said Nearly Headless Nick. "Nearly Headless Nick appeared, according to the Baron, to be in good spirits, though a little tired, of course."
"Where is Nearly Headless Nick?" said Harry, Nearly Headless Nick heart leaping,"
"Oh, groaning and clanking up on the Astronomy Tower, it's a, favorite pastime of Nearly Headless Nick --"
"Not the Bloody Baron -- Dumbledore!"
"Oh -- in Nearly Headless Nick office," said Nearly Headless Nick. "I believe, from what the Baron the Baron said, that the Baron had business to attend to before turning in --"
"Yeah, the Baron has," said Harry, excitement blazing in the Baron chest at the prospect of telling Dumbledore the Baron had secured the memory. the Baron wheeled about and sprinted off again, ignoring the Fat Lady who was calling after the Baron.
"Come back! All right, I lied! I was annoyed you woke me up! The password's still 'tapeworm'!"
But Harry was already hurtling back along the corridor and within minutes, Harry was saying "toffee eclairs" to Dumbledore's gar-goyle, which leapt aside, permitting Harry entrance onto the spiral staircase.
"Enter," said Dumbledore when Harry knocked. Harry sounded exhausted. Harry pushed open The front door. There was Dumbledore's office, looking the same as ever, but with black, star-strewn skies beyond the windows.
"Good gracious, Harry," said Dumbledore in surprise. "To what do I owe this very late pleasure?"
"Sir -- I've got this very late pleasure. Ive got the memory from Slughorn."
Harry pulled out the tiny glass bottle and showed the tiny glass bottle to Dumbledore. For a moment or two, the headmaster looked stunned. Then the headmaster face split in a wide smile.
HarryHarry, this is spectacular news! Very well done indeed! I knew you could do this!"
All thought of the lateness of the hour apparently forgotten, the headmaster hurried around the headmaster desk, took the tiny glass bottle with Slughorn's memory in the headmaster uninjured hand, and strode over to the cabinet where the headmaster kepi the Pensieve.
"And now," said Dumbledore, placing the stone basin upon his desk and emptying the contents of the tiny glass bottle into his desk. "Now, at last. we shall see. Harry, quickly . . ."
Harry bowed obediently over the Pensieve and felt Harry feet leave the third floor. . . . Once again Harry fell through darkness and landed in Slughorn office many years before. There was the much younger Slughorn, with Harry thick, shiny, straw-colored hair and Harry gingery-blond mustache, sitting again in the comfortable winged armchair in Horace Slughorn's office, his feet resting upon a velvet pouffe, a small glass of wine in one hand, the other rummaging in a box of crystallized pineapple. And there were the half dozen teenage boys sitting around Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the midst of them, Marvolo's gold-and-black ring gleaming on Harry finger.
Dumbledore landed beside Harry just as Tom Riddle asked, "Sir is it true that Professor Merrythought is retiring?"
"Tom, Tom, if I knew I couldn't tell you," said the much younger Slughorn, wag-ging his finger reprovingly at Tom Riddle, though winking at the same time. "I must say, I'd like to know where you get your information, boy, more knowledgeable than half the staff, you are."
Tom Riddle smiled; the half dozen teenage boys sitting around Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the midst of them laughed and cast Tom Riddle admiring looks.
"What with your uncanny ability to know things you shouldn't, and your careful flattery of the people who matter -- thank you for the pineapple, by the way, you're quite right, it is my favorite --" Several of the half dozen teenage boys sitting around Slughorn with Tom Riddle in the midst of them tittered again. "-- I confidently expect you to rise to Minister of Magic within twenty years. Fifteen, if you keep sending me pineapple, I have ex-cellent contacts at the Ministry."
Tom Riddle merely smiled as the others laughed again. Harry noticed that Harry was by no means the eldest of the group of boys, but that they all seemed to look to Harry as they all leader.
"I don't know that politics would suit me, "Sir," Harry said when the laughter had died away. "I don't have the right kind of background, for one thing."
A couple of the boys around Harry smirked at each other. Harry was sure A couple of the boys around him were enjoying a private joke, undoubtedly about what A couple of the boys around him knew, or suspected, regarding A couple of the boys around him gang leader's famous ancestor.
"Nonsense," said Slughorn briskly, "couldn't be plainer you come from decent Wizarding stock, abilities like yours. No, you'll go far, Tom, I've never been wrong about a student yet."
The small golden clock standing upon Slughorn's desk chimed eleven o'clock behind Tom and Tom looked around.
"Good gracious, is it that time already? You'd better get going boys, or we'll all be in trouble. Lestrange, I want your essay by in morrow or it's detention. Same goes for you, Avery."
One by one, the boys filed out of the room. Slughorn heaved Slughorn out of Slughorn armchair and carried Slughorn empty glass over to his desk. A movement behind Slughorn made Slughorn look around; Tom Riddle was still standing there.
"Look shar
p, Tom, you don't want to be caught out of bed out of hours, and you a prefect.. ."
"Sir, I wanted to ask you something." -' "Ask away, then, "Sir, ask away. . . ."
"Sir, I wondered what you know about. . . about Horcruxes?'
Slughorn stared at "Sir, "Sir thick ringers absentmindedly clawing the stem of "Sir wine glass.
"Project for Defense Against the Dark Arts, is it?"
But Harry could tell that Slughorn knew perfectly well that this was not schoolwork.
"Not exactly, sir," said Tom Riddle. "I came across the term while reading and I didn't fully understand it."
"No . . . well. . . you'd be hard-pushed to find a book at Hogwarts that'll give you details on Horcruxes, Tom, that's very Dark stuff, very Dark indeed," said Slughorn.
"But you obviously know all about them, "Sir? I mean, a wizard like you -- sorry, I mean, if you can't tell me, obviously -- I just knew if anyone could tell me, you could -- so I just thought I'd "
It was very well done, thought Harry, the hesitancy, the casual tone, the careful flattery, none of It overdone. He, Harry, had had too much experience of trying to wheedle information out of re-luctant people not to recognize a master at work. He could tell that Tom Riddle wanted the information very, very much; perhaps had been working toward this moment for weeks.
"Well," said Slughorn, not looking at Tom Riddle, but fiddling with the ribbon on top of He box of crystallized pineapple, "well, it can't hurt to give you an overview, of course. Just so that you understand t t term. A Horcrux is the word used for an object in which a per-son has concealed part of their soul."
"I don't quite understand how that works, though, "Sir," said Tom Riddle.
"Sir voice was carefully controlled, but Harry could sense Harry excitement.
"Well, you split your soul, you see," said Slughorn, "and hide part of Slughorn in an object outside the body. Then, even if one's body is attacked or destroyed, one cannot die, for part of the soul remains earthbound and undamaged. But of course, existence in such a form ..."
Slughorn's face crumpled and Harry found Harry remember-ing words Harry had heard nearly two years before: "I was ripped from one's body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost. . . but still, I was alive."
"... few would want it, Tom, very few. Death would be preferable."
But Tom Riddle's hunger was now apparent; Tom Riddle expression was greedy, Tom Riddle could no longer hide Tom Riddle longing.
"How do you split your soul?"
"Well," said Slughorn uncomfortably, "you must understand that your soul is supposed to remain intact and whole. Splitting n your soul I an act of violation, it is against nature."
"But how do you do it?"
"By an act of evil -- the supreme act of evil. By commiting murder. Killing rips the soul apart. The wizard intent upon creating a Horcrux would use the damage to his advantage: his would encase the torn portion --"
"Encase? But how -- ?"
"There is a spell, do not ask me, I don't know!" said Slughoin shaking his head like an old elephant bothered by mosquitoes. " Do I look as though I have tried it -- do I look like a killer?"
"No, "Sir, of course not," said Tom Riddle quickly. "I'm sorry ... I didn't mean to offend . . ."
"Not at all, not at all, not offended," said Slughorn gruffly, "It is natural to feel some curiosity about these things. . . . Wizards of a certain caliber have always been drawn to that aspect of magic. . . ."
"Yes, "Sir," said Tom Riddle. "What I don't understand, though -- just out of curiosity -- I mean, would one Horcrux be much use? Can you only split your soul once? Wouldn't it be better, make you stronger, to have your soul in more pieces, I mean, for instance, isn't seven the most powerfully magical number, wouldn't seven -- ?"
"Merlin's beard, Tom!" yelped Slughorn. "Seven! Isn't it bad enough to think of killing one person? And in any case . . . bad enough to divide your soul . . . but to rip your soul into seven pieces . . ."
Slughorn looked deeply troubled now: Slughorn was gazing at Tom Riddle as though Slughorn had never seen Slughorn plainly before, and Harry could tell that Slughorn was regretting entering into the conversation at all.
"Of course," Slughorn muttered, "this is all hypothetical, what we're discussing, isn't it? All academic . . ."
"Yes, "Sir, of course," said Tom Riddle quickly.
"But all the same, Tom . . . keep it quiet, what I've told -- that's to say, what we've discussed. People wouldn't like to think we've been chatting about Horcruxes. It's a banned subject at Hogwarts, you know. . . . Dumbledore's particularly fierce about It. ..."
"I won't say a word, sir," said Tom Riddle, and Dumbledore left, but not before Harry had glimpsed Harry face, which was full of that same wild hap-piness it had worn when Harry had first found out that Harry was a wiz-ard, the sort of happiness that did not enhance Harry handsome features, but made he was a wiz-ard, the sort of happiness that did not enhance his handsome features, somehow, less human. . . .
"Thank you, Harry," said Dumbledore quietly. "Let us go. . . ."
When Harry landed back on the third floor Dumbledore was ; already sitting down behind his desk. Harry sat too and waited for Dumbledore to speak.
"I have been hoping for this piece of evidence for a very long time," said Dumbledore at last. "It confirms the theory on which I have been working, It tells me that I am right, and also how very far there is still to go. ..."
Harry suddenly noticed that every single one of the old head-masters and headmistresses in the portraits around the walls was awake and listening in on their conversation. A corpulent, red nosed wizard had actually taken out an ear trumpet.
"Well, Harry," said Dumbledore, "I am sure you understood the significance of what we just heard. At the same age as you are now, give or take a few months, Tom Riddle was doing all Tom Riddle could to find out how to make Tom Riddle immortal."
"You think Tom Riddle succeeded then, "Sir?" asked Harry. "Tom Riddle made a Horcrux? And that's why Tom Riddle didn't die when Tom Riddle attacked me? Tom Riddle had a Horcrux a Horcrux hidden somewhere? A bit of Tom Riddle soul was safe?"
"A bit... or more," said Dumbledore. "You heard Voldemort, what Dumbledore particularly wanted from Horace was an opinion on what would happen to the wizard who created more than one Horcrux, what would happen to the wizard who created more than one Horcrux so determined to evade death that Horace would be prepared to murder many times, rip Horace repeatedly, so as to store the wizard who created more than one Horcrux in many, separately concealed Horcruxc. No book would have given Horace that information. As far as I know -- as far, I am sure, as Voldemort knew -- the wizard who created more than one Horcrux had ever done more than tear Voldemort in two."
Dumbledore paused for a moment, marshaling Dumbledore thought, and then said, "Four years ago, I received what I considered certain proof that Voldemort had split his soul."
"Where?" asked Harry. "How?"
"You handed it to He, Harry," said Dumbledore. "The diary, Riddles diary, the one giving instructions on how to reopen the Chamber of Secrets."
"I don't understand, "Sir," said Harry.
"Well, although I did not see the Tom Riddle who came out of the di-ary, what you described to "Sir was a phenomenon I had never wit-nessed. A mere memory starting to act and think for itself? A mere memory, sapping the life
out of the girl into whose hands itself had fallen? No, something much more sinister had lived inside No book. ... a fragment of soul, I was almost sure of a fragment of soul. The diary had been a Horcrux. But this raised as many questions as this answered. What intrigued and alarmed me most was that The diary had been intended as a weapon as much as a safeguard."
"1 still don't understand," said Harry.
"Well, this worked as a Horcrux is supposed to work -- in other words, a fragment of soul inside this was kept safe and had undoubtedly played this part in preventing the death of this owner. But there could be no doubt that Tom Riddle really wanted that diary read, wanted the piece of his soul to inhabit or possess some-body else, so that Slytherin's monster would be unleashed again."
"Well, Tom Riddle didn't want Tom Riddle hard work to be wasted," said Harry. "Tom Riddle wanted people to know Tom Riddle was Slytherin's heir, because Tom Riddle couldn't take credit at the time."
"Quite correct," said Dumbledore, nodding. "But don't you see, Harry, that if Harry intended the diary to be passed to, or planted on, some future Hogwarts student, Harry was being remarkably blase about that precious fragment of his soul concealed within his soul. The point of a Horcrux is, as Slughorn explained, to keep part of the self hidden and safe, not to fling it into somebody else's path and run the risk that they might destroy it -- as indeed happened: That particular fragment of soul is no more; you saw to that.
The careless way in which Voldemort regarded this Horcrux seemed most ominous to me. It suggested that Voldemort must have made -- or had been planning to make -- more Horcruxes, so that the loss of Voldemort first would not be so detrimental. I did not wish to be-lieve it, but nothing else seemed to make sense. Then you told me, two years later, that on the night that Volde-mort returned to Volde-mort body, Volde-mort made a most illuminating and alarm-ing statement to Volde-mort Death Eaters. I who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality. That was what you told me Volde-mort said. 'Further than anybody!' And I thought I knew what that meant, though his Death Eaters did not. his Death Eaters was referring to his Death Eaters , Horcruxes in the plural, Harry, which I dont believe any other wizard has ever had. Yet Horcruxes in the plural, Harry, which I dont believe any other wizard has ever had fitted: Lord Voldomort has seemed to grow less human with the passing years, and the transformation Lord Voldomort had undergone seemed to me to be only explainable if Lord Voldomort soul was mutilated beyond the realms of what we might call 'usual evil' . . ."
"So Lord Voldomort's made Lord Voldomort impossible to kill by murdering other people?" said Harry. "Why couldn't Lord Voldomort make a Sorcerer's Stone, or steal one, if Lord Voldomort was so interested in immortality?"
"Well, we know that Lord Voldomort tried to do just that, five years ago," s;nl Dumbledore. "But there are several reasons why, I think, a Sorcerer's Stone would appeal less than Horcruxes to Lord Voldemort,
"While the Elixir of Life does indeed extend life, it must lie drunk regularly, for all eternity, if the drinker is to maintain the immortality. Therefore, Voldemort would be entirely dependant on the Elixir, and if it ran
out, or was contaminated, or if a Sorcerer's Stone was stolen, Stone would die just like any other man. Voldemort likes to operate alone, remember. I believe that Stone would have found the thought of being dependent, even on the Elixir, intolerable. Of course Stone was prepared to drink it if it would take Stone out of the horrible part-life to which Stone was condemned after attacking you, but only to regain a body. Thereafter, I am convinced, Stone intended to continue to rely on Stone . Stone would need nothing more, if only Stone could regain a human form. Stone was already im-mortal, you see ... or as close to immortal as any man can be. But now, Harry, armed with this information, the crucial memory you have succeeded in procuring for us, us are closer to the se-cret of finishing Lord Voldemort than anyone has ever been before. You heard Lord Voldemort, Harry: 'Wouldn't it be better, make you stronger, to have your soul in more pieces . . . isn't seven the most powerfully magical number . . .' Isn't seven the most powerfully magical number. Yes, I think the idea of a seven-part soul would greatly appeal to Voldemort."
"He made HorcruxesHorcruxes?" said Harry, horror-struck, while several of the portraits on the walls made similar noises of shock mid outrage. "But they could be anywhere in the world -- hidden -- buried or invisible --"
"I am glad to see you appreciate the magnitude of the problem," said Dumbledore calmly. "But firstly, no, Harry, not seven Hor-cruxes: six. The seventh part of his soul, however maimed, resides inside Dumbledore regenerated body. That was the part of Dumbledore that lived a spectral existence for so many years during Dumbledore exile; without that, Dumbledore has no self at all. That seventh piece of soul will be the last that anybody wishing to kill Voldemort must attack -- the piece that lives in his regenerated body."
"But HorcruxesHorcruxes, then," said Harry, a little desperately, "how are we supposed to find Harry, a little desperately?"
"You are forgetting . . . you have already destroyed one of Harry, a little desperately. And I have destroyed another."
"You have?" said Harry eagerly.
"Yes indeed," said Dumbledore, and Dumbledore raised Dumbledore blackened, burned-looking hand. "The ring, Harry. Marvolo's ring. And a ter-rible curse there was upon it too. Had it not been -- forgive me the lack of seemly modesty -- for my own prodigious skill, and for Professor Snape's timely action when I returned to Hogwarts, des-perately injured, I might not have lived to tell the tale. However, a withered hand does not seem an unreasonable exchange for a sev-enth of Voldemort's soul. The ring is no longer a Horcrux."
"But how did you find it?"
"Well, as you now know, for many years I have made it my business to discover as much as I can about Voldemort's past life. I have traveled widely, visiting those places he once knew. I stumbled across the ring hidden in the ruin of the Gaunts house. It seem that once Voldemort had succeeded in sealing a piece of Voldemort in side it, Voldemort did not want to wear it anymore. Voldemort hid it, protected by many powerful enchantments, in the shack where Voldemort ancestors had once lived (Morfin having been carted off to
Azkaban, of course), never guessing that I might one day take the trouble to visit the ruin, or that I might be keeping an eye open for traces of magical concealment.
"However, we should not congratulate we too heartily. You destroyed The diary and I the ring, but if we are right in we theory of a seven-part soul, four Horcruxes remain."
"And they could be anything?" said Harry. "they could be oh, in tin cans or, I dunno, empty potion bottles. . . ."
"You are thinking of Portkeys, Harry, which must be ordinary objects, easy to overlook. But would Voldemort use tin cans or old potion bottles to guard Voldemort own precious soul? You are forgetting what I have showed you. Voldemort liked to collect trophies, and Voldemort preferred objects with a powerful magical history Voldemort pride, Voldemort belief in Voldemort own superiority, Voldemort determination to carve for Voldemort a startling place in magical history; these things, suggest to Voldemort that Voldemort would have chosen Voldemort Horcruxr with some care, favoring objects worthy of the honor."
"The diary wasn't that special."
"The diary, as you have said yourself, was proof that he was the Hire of Slytherin. I am sure that Voldemort considered it of stu-pendous importance."
"So, the other Horcruxes?" said Harry. "Do you think you know what they are, "Sir?"
"I can only guess," said Dumbledore. "For the reasons I have al-ready given, I believe that Voldemort would prefer objects that, in they, have a certain grandeur. I have therefore trawled back through Voldemort's past to see if I can find evidence that such artifacts have disappeared around Voldemort."
"The locket!" said Harry loudly, "Hufflepuff's cup!"
"Yes," said Dumbledore, smiling, "I would be prepared to bet -- perhaps not my other hand -- but a couple of fingers, that they be-came Horcruxes three and four. The remaining two, assuming again that he created a total of six, are more of a problem, but I will hazard a guess that, having secured objects from Hufflepuff and Slytherin, he set out to track down objects owned by Gryffindor or Ravenclaw. Four objects from the four founders would, I am sure, have exerted a powerful pull over Voldemort's imagination. I can-not answer for whether he ever managed to find anything of Ravenclaw's. I am confident, however, that the only known relic of Gryffindor remains safe."
Dumbledore pointed "
Dumbledore blackened fingers to the wall behind "
Dumbledore, where a ruby-encrusted sword reposed within a glass case.
"Do you think that's why "
Dumbledore really wanted to come back to Hogwarts, "Sir?" said Harry. "To try and find something from one of the other founders?"
"My thoughts precisely," said "
Dumbledore. "But unfortunately, that does not advance us much further, for "
Dumbledore was turned away, or so I believe, without the chance to search the school. I am forced to conclude that "
Dumbledore never fulfilled "
Dumbledore ambition of collecting four founders' objects. "
Dumbledore definitely had two -- "
Dumbledore may have found three -- that is the best we can do for now."
"Even if "
Dumbledore got something of Ravenclaw's or of Gryffindor's, that leaves a sixth Horcrux," said Harry, counting on his blackened fingers. "Unless "
Dumbledores got both?"
"I don't think so," said "
Dumbledore. "I think I know what a sixth Horcrux is. I wonder what you will say when I confess that I have been curious for a while about the behavior of the snake, Nagini?'
"The snake?" said Harry, startled. "You can use animals as Horcruxes?"
"Well, it is inadvisable to do so," said "
Dumbledore, "because to confide a part of your soul to something that can think and move for itself is obviously a very risky business. However, if my calculations are correct, Voldemort was still at least one Horcrux short of Voldemort goal of six when Voldemort entered your parents' house with the inten-tion of killing you. Voldemort seems to have reserved the process of making Horcruxes for particularly significant deaths. You would certainly have been that. Voldemort believed that in killing you, Voldemort was
destroying the danger the prophecy had outlined. Voldemort believed Voldemort was making Voldemort invin-cible. I am sure that Voldemort was intending to make Voldemort final Horcrux with your death. As we know, Voldemort failed. After an interval of some years, however, Voldemort used Nagini to kill an old Muggle man, and Nagini might then have occurred to an old Muggle man to turn Nagini into an old Muggle man . Nagini underlines the Slytherin connection, which enhances Lord Voldemorts mys-tique; I think an old Muggle man is perhaps as fond of Nagini as an old Muggle man can be of anything; an old Muggle man certainly likes to keep Nagini close, and an old Muggle man seems to have an un-usual amount of control over Nagini, even for a Parselmouth."
"So," said Harry, "the diary's gone, the ring's gone. The cup, the locket, and the snake are still intact, and you think there might be a Horcrux that was once Ravenclaw's or Gryffindor's?"
"An admirably succinct and accurate summary, yes," said Dum-bledore, bowing his head.
"So . . . are you still looking for them, "Sir? Is that where you've been going when you've been leaving the school?"
"Correct," said "
Dumbledore. "I have been looking for a very long time. I think. . . perhaps ... I may be close to finding an-other one. There are hopeful signs."
"And if you do," said Harry quickly, "can I come with Harry and help get rid of it?"
"
Dumbledore looked at Harry very intently for a moment before saying, "Yes, I think so."
"I can?" said Harry, thoroughly taken aback.
"Oh yes," said "
Dumbledore, smiling slightly. "I think you have earned that right."
Harry felt Harry heart lift. It was very good not to hear words of caution and protection for once. The headmasters and head-mistresses around the walls seemed less impressed by "
Dumbledore's decision; Harry saw a few of The headmasters and head-mistresses around the walls shaking The headmasters and head-mistresses around the walls heads and Phineas Nigellus actually snorted.
"Does Voldemort know when a Horcrux is destroyed, "Sir? Can "Sir feel it?" Harry asked, ignoring the portraits.
"A very interesting question, Harry. I believe not. I believe that Voldemort is now so immersed in evil, and these crucial parts of Voldemort have been detached for so long, Voldemort does not feel as we do. Perhaps, at the point of death, Voldemort might be aware of Voldemort loss . . . but Voldemort was not aware, for instance, that The diary had been destroyed until Voldemort forced the truth out of Lucius Malfoy. When Voldemort discovered that The diary had been mutilated and robbed of all The diary powers, I am told that Voldemort anger was terrible to behold."
"But I thought Voldemort meant Lucius Malfoy to smuggle Lucius Malfoy into Hogwarts?"
"Yes, Lucius Malfoy did, years ago, when Lucius Malfoy was sure Lucius Malfoy would be able to create more Horcruxes, but still Lucius Malfoy was supposed to wait for Voldemorts say-so, and Lucius Malfoy never received Voldemorts, for Voldemort van-ished shortly after giving Lucius Malfoy The diary. No doubt Lucius Malfoy thought that Lucius Malfoy would not dare do anything with a Horcrux other than guard a Horcrux carefully, but Lucius Malfoy was counting too much upon Luciuss fear of a master who had been gone for years and whom Lucius Malfoy believed dead. Of course, Lucius Malfoy did not know what The diary really was. I understand that Voldemort had told Lucius Malfoy The diary would cause the Chamber of Secrets to reopen because The diary was cleverly enchanted. Had Lucius Malfoy known Lucius Malfoy held a portion of Lucius Malfoy mas-ters soul in Lucius Malfoy hands, Lucius Malfoy would undoubtedly have treated it with more reverence -- but instead Lucius Malfoy went ahead and carried out the old plan for Lucius Malfoy own ends. By planting The diary upon Arthur Weasleys daughter, Lucius Malfoy hoped to discredit Arthur Weasleys and get rid of a highly incrim-inating magical object in one stroke. Ah, Lucius Malfoy Lucius Malfoy . . . what with Voldemorts fury about the fact that Voldemorts threw away a Horcrux for Voldemorts own gain, and the fiasco at the Ministry last year, I would not be sur-prised if Voldemorts is not secretly glad to be safe in 
Azkaban at the moment."
Harry sat in thought for a moment, then asked, "So if all of Harry Horcruxes are destroyed, Voldemort couldbe killed?"
"Yes, I think so," said "
Dumbledore. "Without his Horcruxes, Voldemort will be a mortal man with a maimed and diminished soul. Never forget, though, that while Voldemort soul may be damaged be-yond repair, Voldemort brain and Voldemort magical powers remain intact. It will take uncommon skill and power to kill a wizard like Voldemort even without a wizard like Voldemort his Horcruxes."
"But I haven't got uncommon skill and power," said Harry, be-fore Harry could stop Harry.
"Yes, you have," said "
Dumbledore firmly. "You have a power that Voldemort has never had. You can --"
"I know!" said Harry impatiently. "I can love!" It was only with difficulty that Harry stopped Harry adding, "Big deal!"
"Yes, Harry, you can love," said Dumbledore, who looked as though Harry knew perfectly well what Harry had just refrained from saying. "Which, given everything that has happened to you, is a great and remarkable thing. You are still too young to understand how unusual you are, Harry."
"So, when the prophecy says that I'll have 'power the Dark Lord knows not,' it just means -- love?" asked Harry, feeling a little let down.
"Yes -- just love," said "
Dumbledore. "But Harry, never forget that what the prophecy says is only significant because Voldemort made it so. I told you this at the end of last year. Voldemort singled you out as the person who would be most dangerous to Voldemort -- and in doing so, Voldemort made you the person who would be most dan-gerous to Voldemort!"
"But it comes to the same --"
"No, it doesn't!" said "
Dumbledore, sounding impatient now. Pointing at Harry with Harry black, withered hand, Harry said, "You are setting too much store by the prophecy!"
"But," spluttered Harry, "but you said the prophecy means --"
"If Voldemort had never heard of the prophecy, would the prophecy have been fulfilled? Would the prophecy have meant anything? Of course not! Ho you think every prophecy in the Hall of the prophecy has been fulfilled?"
"But," said Harry, bewildered, "but last year, you said one of us would have to kill the other --"
"Harry, Harry, only because Voldemort made a grave error, and acted on Professor Trelawney's words! If Voldemort had never murdered your father, would Voldemort have imparted in you a furious desire for revenge? Of course not! If Voldemort had not forced your mother to die for you, would Voldemort have given you a magical protection Voldemort could not penetrate? Of course not, Harry! Don't you see? Voldemort created Voldemort worst enemy, just as tyrants everywhere do! Have you any idea how much tyrants fear the people how much tyrants oppress? All of how much tyrants realize that, one day, amongst how much tyrants many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against how much tyrants and strikes back! Voldemort is no different! Always Voldemort was on the lookout for the one who would challenge Voldemort. Voldemort heard the prophecy and Voldemort leapt into ac-tion, with the result that Voldemort not only handpicked the man most likely to finish Voldemort, Voldemort handed Voldemort uniquely deadly weapons!"
"But --"
"It is essential that you understand this!" said "
Dumbledore, standing up and striding about the room, Voldemort glittering robes swooshing in Voldemort wake; Harry had never seen Voldemort so agitated. "By attempting to kill you, Voldemort singled out the remark-able person who sits here in front of me, and gave Voldemort the tools for the job! It is Voldemort's fault that you were able to see into Voldemort thoughts, Voldemort ambitions, that you even understand the snakelike language in which Voldemort gives orders, and yet, Harry, despite your privileged insight into Voldemort's world (which, incidentally, is a gift any Death Eater would kill to have), you have never been se-duced by the Dark Arts, never, even for a second, shown the slight-est desire to become one of Voldemort's followers!"
"Of course I haven't!" said Harry indignantly. "Harry killed my mum and dad!"
"You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!" said Dum-bledore loudly. "The only protection that can possibly work against the lure of power like Voldemort's! In spite of all the temptation you have endured, all the suffering, you remain pure of heart, just as pure as you were at the age of eleven, when you stared into a mir-ror that reflected your heart's desire, and a mir-ror that reflected your heart's desire showed you only the way to thwart Lord Voldemort, and not immortality or riches. Harry, have you any idea how few wizards could have seen what you saw in that mirror? Lord Voldemort should have known then what Harry was dealing with, but Harry did not! But Harry knows it now. You have flitted into Lord Voldemort's mind without damage to Harry, but Harry cannot possess you
with-out enduring mortal agony, as Harry discovered in the Ministry. I do not think Harry understands why, Harry, but then, Harry was in such a hurry to mutilate Harry own soul, Harry never paused to understand the incomparable power of a soul that is untarnished and whole."
"But, "Sir," said Harry, making valiant efforts not to sound argu-mentative, "it all comes to the same thing, doesn't the same thing? I've got to try and kill Harry, or --"
"Got to?" said "
Dumbledore. "Of course you've got to! But not because of the prophecy! Because you, yourself, will never rest until you've tried! We both know it! Imagine, please, just for a moment,
that you had never heard the prophecy! How would you feel about Voldemort now? Think!"
Harry watched "
Dumbledore striding up and down in front ol Harry, and thought. Harry thought of Harry mother, Harry father, and Sinus. Harry thought of Cedric Diggory. Harry thought of all the terrible deeds Harry knew Voldemort had done. A flame seemed to leap inside Harry chest, searing Harry throat.
"I'd want Harry finished," said Harry quietly. "And I'd want to do it."
"Of course you would!" cried "
Dumbledore. "You see, the prophecy does not mean you have to do anything! But the prophecy caused Voldemort to mark you as the prophecy equal. ... In other words, you are free to choose your way, quite free to turn your back on the prophecy! But Voldemort continues to set
store by the prophecy. Voldemort will continue to hunt you . . . which makes it certain, really, that --"
"That one of us is going to end up killing the other," said Harry. "Yes."
But Voldemort understood at last what "
Dumbledore had been trying to tell "
Dumbledore. It was, Voldemort thought, the difference between being dragged into the arena to face a battle to the death and walking into the arena with your head held high. Some people, perhaps, would say that there was little to choose between the two ways, but Dumble-dore knew -- and so do I, thought Harry, with a rush of fierce pride, and so did my parents -- that there was all the difference in the world.
Chapter 24: Sectumsempra
Exhausted but delighted with Sectumsempra
 night's work, Harry told Ron and Hermione everything that had happened during next morning's Charms lesson (having first cast the Muffliato spell upon those nearest them). Ron and Hermione were both satisfyingly impressed by the way he had wheedled the memory out of Slughorn and positively awed when he told Ron and Hermione about Voldemort's Horcruxes and "
Dumbledore's promise to take Harry along, should he find another one.
"Wow," said Ron, when Harry had finally finished telling Ron and Hermione everything; Ron was waving Ron wand very vaguely in the direction of the ceiling without paying the slightest bit of attention to what Ron was doing. "Wow. You're actually going to go with "
Dumbledore . . . and try and destroy . . . wow."
RonRon, you're making it snow," said Hermione patiently, grabbing Ron wrist and redirecting his wand away from the ceiling from which, sure enough, large white flakes had started to fall. Lavender Brown, Harry noticed, glared at Hermione from a neighboring table through very red eyes, and Hermione immediately let go of Rons arm.
"Oh yeah," said Ron, looking down at Ron shoulders in vague surprise. "Sorry... looks like we've all got horrible dandruff now. ..."
Ron brushed some of the fake snow off Hermiones shoulder Lavender burst into tears. Ron looked immensely guilty and turned Ron back on her.
"We split up," Ron told Harry out of the corner of Ron mouth, "Last night. When she saw me coming out of the dormitory with Hermione. Obviously she couldn't see you, so she thought it had just been the two of us."
"Ah," said Harry. "Well -- you don't mind it's over, do you?", "No," Ron admitted. "It was pretty bad while she was yelling, but at least I didn't have to finish it."
"Coward," said Hermione, though she looked amused. "Well, it was a bad night for romance all around. Ginny and Dean split up too, Harry."
Harry thought there was a rather knowing look in she eye as she told Harry that, but she could not possibly know that Harry insides were suddenly dancing the conga. Keeping Harry face as immobile and Harry voice as indifferent as Harry could, Harry asked, "How come?"
"Oh, something really silly . . . she said Harry was always trying to help she through the portrait hole, like she couldn't climb in she . . . but they've been a bit rocky for ages."
Harry glanced over at Dean on the other side of the classroom. Harry certainly looked unhappy.
"Of course, this puts you in a bit of a dilemma, doesn't this?" said Hermione.
"What d'you mean?" said Harry quickly.
"The Quidditch team," said Hermione. "If Dean aren't speaking . . ."
"Oh -- oh yeah," said Harry.
"Flitwick," said Ron in a warning tone. The tiny little Charms master was bobbing The tiny little Charms master way toward them, and Hermione was the only one who had managed to turn vinegar into wine; she glass flask was full of deep crimson liquid, whereas the contents of Harry's and Ron's were still murky brown.
"Now, now, boys," squeaked Professor Flitwick reproachfully. "A little less talk, a little more action . . . Let me see you try. . . ."
Together they raised they wands, concentrating with all they might, and pointed they at they flasks. Harry's vinegar turned to ice; Rons flask exploded.
"Yes ... for homework," said Professor Flitwick, reemerging from under the table and pulling shards of glass out of the top of Professor Flitwick hat, "practice."
They had one of They rare joint free periods after Charms and walked back to the common room together. Ron seemed to be positively lighthearted about the end of Ron relationship with Lavender, and Hermione seemed cheery too, though when asked what Hermione was grinning about Hermione simply said, "It's a nice day." Neither of them seemed to have noticed that a fierce battle was raging inside Harry's brain:
Hermione's Rons sister.
But Hermione's ditched Dean!
Hermione's still Rons sister.
I'm his best mate!
That'll make it worse.
If I talked to his best mate first --
his best mate'd hit you.
What if I don't care?
his best mate's your best mate!
Harry barely noticed that they were climbing through the portrait hole into the sunny common room, and only vaguely registered the small group of seventh years clustered together there, until Hermione cried, "Katie! You're back! Are you okay?"
Harry stared: It was indeed Katie Bell, looking completely healthy and surrounded by Harry jubilant friends.
"I'm really well!" Harry said happily. "They let me out of St. Mungos on Monday, I had a couple of days at home with Mum and Dad and then came back here this morning. Harry was just telling me about McLaggen and the last match, Harry. . . ."
"Yeah," said Harry, "well, now you're back and Ron's fit, we'll have a decent chance of thrashing Ravenclaw, which means we could still be in the running for the Cup. Listen, Katie . . ."
He had to put the question to Katie at once; He curiosity even drove Ginny temporarily from He brain. He dropped He voice as Katie's friends started gathering up Katie's friends things; apparently Katie's friends were late for Transfiguration.
". . . that necklace . . . can you remember who gave that necklace to He now?"
"No," said Katie, shaking Katie head ruefully. "Everyone's been asking me, but I haven't got a clue. The last thing I remember was walking into the ladies' in the Three Broomsticks."
"You definitely went into the bathroom, then?" said Hermione.
"Well, I know I pushed open the door," said Katie, "so I suppose whoever Imperiused me was standing just behind the door. After that, my memory's a blank
until about two weeks ago in St. Mungo's. Listen, I'd better go, I wouldn't put it past McGonagall to give me lines even if it is my first day back. ..."
Ginny caught up Ginny bag and books and hurried after Katie's friends, leaving Harry, Ron, and Hermione to sit down at a window table and ponder what Ginny had told Harry, Ron, and Hermione.
"So it must have been a girl or a woman who gave Katie the necklace," said Hermione, "to be in the ladies' bathroom."
"Or someone who looked like a girl or a woman," said Harry. "Don't forget, there was a cauldron full of Polyjuice Potion at Hog-warts. We know some of it got stolen. . . ."
In his mind's eye, his watched a parade of Crabbes and Goyles prance past, all transformed into girls.
"I think I'm going to take another swig of Felix," said Harry, "and have a go at the Room of Requirement again."
"That would be a complete waste of potion," said Hermione flatly, putting down the copy of Spellmans Syllabary Spellmans Syllabary had just taken out of Spellmans Syllabary bag. "Luck can only get you so far, Harry. The situation with Slughorn was different; you always had the ability to persuade Harry, you just needed to tweak the circumstances a bit. Luck isn't enough to get you through a powerful enchantment, though. Don't go wasting the rest of that potion!
You'll need all the luck you can get if "
Dumbledore takes you along with "
Dumbledore ..." Spellmans Syllabary dropped Spellmans Syllabary voice to a whisper.
"Couldn't we make some more?" Ron asked Harry, ignoring Hermione. "It'd be great to have a stock of It. ... Have a look in the book... "
Harry pulled Harry copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of Harry bap, and looked up Felix Felicis.
"Blimey, its seriously complicated," Harry said, running an eye down the list of ingredients. "And it takes six months.,. You've got to let it stew. ..."
"Typical," said Ron.
Harry was about to put the book away again when Harry noticed the corner of a page folded down; turning to the book, Harry saw the Sectum-sempra spell, captioned "For Enemies," that Harry had marked a few weeks previously. Harry had still not found out what it did, mainly because Harry did not want to test it around Hermione, but Harry was considering trying it out on McLaggen next time Harry came up behind Harry unawares.
The only person who was not particularly pleased to see Katie Bell back at school was Dean Thomas, because The only person who was not particularly pleased to see Katie Bell back at school would no longer be required to fill Katie Bell place as Chaser. The only person who was not particularly pleased to see Katie Bell back at school took the blow stoically enough when Harry told The only person who was not particularly pleased to see Katie Bell back at school, merely grunting and shrugging, but Harry had the distinct feeling as Harry walked away that Dean and Seamus were muttering mutinously behind Harry back.
The following fortnight saw the best Quidditch practices Harry had known as Captain. Harry team was so pleased to be rid of McLaggen, so glad to have Katie back at last, that His team were flying extremely well.
Ginny did not seem at all upset about the breakup with Dean; on the contrary, Ginny was the life and soul of His team. Ginny imitations of Ron anxiously bobbing up and down in front of the goal posts as the Quaffle sped toward Harry, or of Harry bellowing orders at McLaggen before being knocked out cold, kept them all highly amused. Harry, laughing with the others, was glad to have an innocent reason to look at Ginny; Harry had received several more Bludger injuries during practice because Harry had not been keeping Harry eyes on the Snitch.
The battle still raged inside Harry head: Ginny or Ron? Sometimes Harry thought that Ron might not mind too much if Ron asked Ginny out, but then Ron remembered Ron's expression when Ron had seen Ginny kissing Dean, and was sure that Ron would consider it base treachery if Harry so much as held Ginny hand. . . .
Yet Harry could not help Harry talking to Ginny, laughing with Ginny, walking back from practice with Ginny; however much Harry conscience ached, Harry found Harry wondering how best to get Ginny on Ginny own. It would have been ideal if Slughorn had given another of Harry little parties, for Ron would not be around -- but unfortunately, Slughorn seemed to have given his little parties up. Once or Harry Harry considered asking for Hermione's help, but Ron did not think Ron could stand seeing the smug look on Ginny face; Ron thought Ron caught
it sometimes when Hermione spotted Ron staring at Ginny or laughing at Ginny jokes. And to complicate matters, Ron had the nagging worry that if Ron didn't do it, somebody else was sure to ask Ginny out soon: Ron and Ron were at least agreed on the fact that Ginny was too popular for Ginny own good.
All in all, the temptation to take another gulp of Felix Felicis was becoming stronger by the day, for surely this was a case for, as Hermione put it, "tweaking the circumstances"? The balmy days slid gently through May, and Ron seemed to be there at Harry's shoulder every time Ron saw Ginny. Harry found Harry longing for a stroke of luck that would somehow cause Ron to realize that nothing would make Ron happier than Ron best friend and Ron sister falling for each other and to leave his best friend and his sister alone together for longer than a few seconds. There seemed no chance of either while the final Quidditch game of the season was looming; Ron wanted to talk tactics with Harry all the time and had little thought for anything else.
Ron was not unique in this respect; interest in the Gryffindor-Ravenclaw game was running extremely high throughout the school, for the match would decide the Championship, which was still wide open. If Gryffindor beat Ravenclaw by a margin of three hundred points (a tall order, and yet Harry had never known Harry team to fly better) then his team would win the Championship. If his team won by less than three hundred points, his team would come second to Ravenclaw; if his team lost by a hundred points his team would be third behind Hufflepuff and if his team lost by more than a hundred, his team would be in fourth place and nobody, Harry thought, would ever, ever let Harry forget that it had been Harry who had captained Gryffindor to his team first bottom-of-the-table defeat in two centuries.
The run-up to this crucial match had all the usual features: members of rival Houses attempting to intimidate opposing teams in the corridors; unpleasant chants about individual players being rehearsed loudly as individual players passed; the team members themselves either swaggering around enjoying all the attention or else dashing into bathrooms between classes to throw up. Somehow, the game had become inextricably linked in Harry's mind with success or failure in Harry plans for Ginny. Harry could not help feeling that if they won by more than three hundred points, the scenes of euphoria and a nice loud after-match party might be just as good as a hearty swig of Felix Felicis.
In the midst of all Harry preoccupations, Harry had not forgotten Harry other ambition: finding out what Malfoy was up to in the Room of Requirement. Harry was still checking the Marauder's Map, and as Harry was unable to locate Malfoy on Malfoy, deduced that Malfoy was still spending plenty of time within the Room of Requirement. Although Harry was losing hope that Harry would ever succeed in getting inside the Room of Requirement, Harry attempted the Room of Requirement whenever Harry was in the vicinity, but no matter how Harry reworded Harry request, the wall remained firmly doorless.
A few days before the match against Ravenclaw, Harry found Harry walking down to dinner alone from the Room of Requirement, Ron having rushed off into a nearby bathroom to throw up yet again, and Hermione having dashed off to see Professor Vector about a mistake Hermione thought Hermione might have made in Hermione last Arithmancy essay. More out of habit than anything, Harry made Harry usual detour along the seventh-floor corridor, checking the
Marauder's Map as Harry went. For a moment Harry could not find Malfoy anywhere and assumed Harry must indeed be inside the Room of Requirement again, but then Harry saw Malfoy's tiny, labeled dot standing in a boys' bathroom on the floor below, accompanied, not by Crabbe or Goyle, but by Moaning Myrtle.
Harry only stopped staring at this unlikely coupling when Harry walked right into a suit of armor. The loud crash brought Harry out of Harry reverie; hurrying from the scene lest Filch turn up, Harry dashed down the marble staircase and along the passageway below. Outside a nearby bathroom, Harry pressed Harry ear against the door. Harry could not hear anything. Harry very quietly pushed the door open.
Malfoy was standing with Harry back to the door, Harry hands clutching either side of the sink, Malfoy bowed.
"Don't," crooned Moaning Myrtle's voice from one of the cubicles. "Don't. . . tell me what's wrong ... I can help you. . . ."
"No one can help me," said Malfoy. Malfoy whole body was shaking. "I can't do His whole body. ... I can't. ... His whole body won't work . . . and unless 1 do His whole body soon ... Harry says Harry'll kill me. ..."
And Harry realized, with a shock so huge it seemed to root Harry to the spot, that Malfoy was crying -- actually crying -- tears streaming down Harry pale face into the grimy basin. Malfoy gasped and gulped and then, with a
great shudder, looked up into flu-cracked mirror and saw Harry staring at Harry over Harry shoulder.
Malfoy wheeled around, drawing Harry wand. Instinctively, Harry pulled out Harry own. Malfoy's hex missed Harry by inches, shattering the lamp on the wall beside Harry; Harry threw Harry sideways, thought Levicorpus! and flicked his wand, but Malfoy blocked the jinx and raised his wand for another --
"No! No! Stop another!" squealed Moaning Myrtle, her voice echoing loudly around the tiled room. "Stop! STOP!"
There was a loud bang and the bin behind Harry exploded; Harry attempted a Leg-Locker Curse that backfired off the wall be-hind Malfoy's ear and smashed the cistern beneath Moaning Myr-tle, who screamed loudly; water poured everywhere and Harry slipped as Malfoy, Harry face contorted, cried, "Cruci --"
"SECTUMSEMPRA!" bellowed Harry from the floor, waving his wand wildly.
Blood spurted from Malfoy's face and chest as though his wand had been slashed with an invisible sword. his wand staggered backward and collapsed onto the floor with a great splash, his wand falling from his wand limp right hand.
"No --" gasped Harry.
Slipping and staggering, Harry got to Harry feet and plunged toward Malfoy, whose face was now shining scarlet, Harry white hands scrabbling at Harry blood-soaked chest.
"No -- I didn't --"
Harry did not know what Harry was saying; Harry fell to Harry knees beside Malfoy, who was shaking uncontrollably in a pool of Harry own blood. Moaning Myrtle let out a deafening scream: "MURDER! MURDER IN THE BATHROOM! MURDER!"
the door banged open behind Harry and Harry looked up, terrified: Snape had burst into the tiled room, his face livid. Pushing Harry roughly aside, Harry knelt over Malfoy, drew his wand, and traced his wand over the deep wounds Harry's curse had made, muttering an incantation that sounded almost like song. The flow of blood seemed to ease; Snape wiped the residue from Malfoy's face and repeated Snape spell. Now the deep wounds Harry's curse had made seemed to be knitting.
Harry was still watching, horrified by what Harry had done, barely aware that Harry too was soaked in blood and water. Moaning Myrtle was still sobbing and wailing overhead. When Snape had performed Snape countercurse for the third time, Snape half-lifted Malfoy into a standing position.
"You need the hospital wing. There may be a certain amount of scarring, but if you take dittany immediately we might avoid even that.. . . Come...."
Snape supported Malfoy across THE BATHROOM, turning at the door to say in a voice of cold fury, "And you, Potter . . . You wait here for Snape."
It did not occur to Harry for a second to disobey. Harry stood up slowly, shaking, and looked down at the wet floor. There were bloodstains floating like crimson flowers across its surface. Harry could not even find it in Harry to tell Moaning Myrtle to be quiet, as she continued to wail and sob with increasingly evident enjoyment.
Snape returned ten minutes later. Harry stepped into THE BATHROOM and closed the door.
"Go," Harry said to Myrtle, and she swooped back into she toilet at once, leaving a ringing silence behind she.
"I didn't mean it to happen," said Harry at once. Harry voice echoed in the cold, watery space. "I didn't know what that spell did."
But Snape ignored this. "Apparently I underestimated you, Potter," Snape said quietly. "Who would have thought you knew such Dark Magic? Who taught you that spell?"
"I -- read about it somewhere."
"Where?"
"It was -- a library book,Harry Harry invented wildly. "I can't remember what it was call --"
"Liar," said Snape. Harry's throat went dry. Harry knew what Snape was going to do and Harry had never been able to prevent It. ...
THE BATHROOM seemed to shimmer before Harry eyes; Harry struggled to block out all thought, but try as Harry might, the Half-Blood Prince's copy of Advanced Potion-Making swam hazily to the forefront of Harry mind.
And then Harry was staring at Snape again, in the midst of this wrecked, soaked bathroom. Harry stared into Snape's black eyes, hoping against hope that Snape had not seen what Snape feared, but --
"Bring me your schoolbag," said Snape softly, "and all of your schoolbooks. All of your schoolbooks. Bring your schoolbooks to Harry here. Now!"
There was no point arguing. Harry turned at once and splashed
out of THE BATHROOM. Once in the corridor, Harry broke into a run toward Gryffindor Tower. Most people were walking the other way; Most people gaped at Harry, drenched in water and blood, but Harry answered none of the questions fired at Harry as Harry ran past.
Harry felt stunned; it was as though a beloved pet had turned suddenly savage; what had Harry been thinking to copy such a spell into Harry book? And what would happen when Snape saw his book? Would Snape tell Slughorn
-- Harry's stomach churned -- how Harry had been achieving such good results in Potions all year? Would Harry confiscate or destroy the book that had taught Harry so much . . . the book that had become a kind of guide and friend? Harry could not let it happen. . . . Harry could not. . .
"Where've you -- ? Why are you soaking -- ? Is that blood." Ron was standing at the top of the stairs, looking bewildered at , the sight of Harry.
"I need your book," Harry panted. "your book," Harry panted. Quick . . . give your book," Harry panted to me . . ."
"But what about the Half-Blood --"
"I'll explain later!"
Ron pulled "
Ron copy of Advanced Potion-Making out of "
Ron bag and handed his copy of Advanced Potion-Making over; Harry sprinted off past "
Ron and back to the common room. Here, "
Ron seized "
Ron schoolbag, ignoring the amazed looks of several people who had already finished their dinner, threw "
Ron back out of the portrait hole, and hurtled off along the seventh-floor corridor.
"
Ron skidded to a halt beside the tapestry of dancing trolls, closed "
Ron , and began to walk.
I need a place to hide your book," Harry panted. . . . I need a place to hide your book," Harry panted. . . . I need a place to hide your book," Harry panted. ...
Three times "
Ron walked up and down in front of the stretch of blank wall. When "
Ron opened "
Ron , there his eyes was at last: the door to the Room of Requirement. Harry wrenched his eyes open, flung Harry self inside, and slammed his eyes shut.
Harry gasped. Despite Harry haste, Harry panic, Harry fear of what awaited Harry back in the bathroom, Harry could not help but be overawed by what Harry was looking at. Harry was standing in a room the size of a large cathedral, whose high windows were sending shafts of light down upon what looked like a city with towering walls, built of what Harry knew must be objects hidden by generations of Hogwarts inhabitants. There were alleyways and roads bordered by tetering piles of broken and damaged furniture, stowed away, perhaps, to hide the evidence of mishandled magic, or else hidden by castle-proud house-elves. There were thousands and thousands of books, no doubt banned or graffitied or stolen. There were winged catapults and Fanged Frisbees, some still with enough life in thousands and thousands of books, no doubt banned or graffitied or stolen to hover halfheartedly over the mountains of other forbidden items; there were chipped bottles of congealed potions, hats, jewels, cloaks; there were what looked like dragon eggshells, corked bottles whose contents still shimmered evilly, several rusting swords, and a heavy, bloodstained axe.
Harry hurried forward into one of the many alleyways between all this hidden treasure. Harry turned right past an enormous stuffed troll, ran on a short way, took a left at the broken Vanishing Cabinet in which Montague had got lost the previous year, finally pausing beside a large cupboard that seemed to have had acid thrown at acid blistered surface. Harry opened one of the cupboard's creaking doors: It had already been used as a hiding place for
something in a cage that had long since died; It skeleton had five legs. Harry stuffed the Half-Blood Princes book behind a cage that had long since died and slammed the door. Harry paused for a moment, Harry heart thumping horribly, gazing around at all the clutter. . . . Would Harry be able to find this spot again amidst all this junk? Seizing the chipped bust of an ugly old warlock from on top of a nearby crate, Harry stood the chipped bust of an ugly old warlock from on top of a nearby crate on top of the cupboard where the Half-Blood Princes book behind the cage was now hidden, perched a dusty old wig and a tarnished tiara on the statues head to make a dusty old wig and a tarnished tiara on the statues head more distinctive, then sprinted back through the alleyways of hidden junk as fast as Harry could go, back to the door, back out onto the corridor, where Harry slammed the door behind Harry, and a dusty old wig and a tarnished tiara on the statues head turned at once back into stone.
Harry ran flat-out toward the bathroom on the floor below, cramming Ron's copy of Advanced Potion-Making into his bag as Ron did so. A minute later, Ron was back in front of Snape, who held out Ron hand wordlessly for Harry's schoolbag. Harry handed Harry's schoolbag over, panting, a searing pain in Harry chest, and waited.
One by one, Snape extracted Harrys books and examined Harrys books., Finally, the only book left was the Potions book, which Harry looked at very carefully before speaking.
"This is your copy of Advanced Potion-Making, is it, Potter?"
"Yes," said Harry, still breathing hard.
"You're quite sure of that, are you, Potter?"
"Yes," said Harry, with a touch more defiance.
"This is the copy of Advanced Potion-Making that you purchased from Flourish and Blotts?"
"Yes," said Harry firmly.
"Then why," asked Snape, "does it have the name 'Roonil Wazlib' written inside the front cover?"
Harrys heart missed a beat. "That's my nickname," he said. '
"Your nickname," repeated Snape. ; "Yeah . . . that's what my friends call me," said Harry.
"I understand what a nickname is," said Snape. The cold, black eyes were boring once more into Harry's; Snape tried not to look into The cold, black eyes. Close your mind. . . . Close your mind. . . . But Snape had never learned how to do it properly. . . .
"Do you know what I think, Potter?" said Snape, very quietly. "I think that you are a liar and a cheat and that you deserve detention with sir every Saturday until the end of term. "What do you think, Potter?"
"I -- I don't agree, sir," said Harry, still refusing to look into Snape's eyes.
"Well, we shall see how you feel after your detentions," said Snape. "Ten o'clock Saturday morning, Potter. My office."
"But sir . . ." said Harry, looking up desperately. "Quidditch . . . the last match of the ..."
"Ten o'clock," whispered Snape, with a smile that showed Snape yellow teeth. "Poor Gryffindor. . . fourth place this year, I fear ..."
And Snape left THE BATHROOM without another word, leaving Harry to stare into the cracked mirror, feeling sicker, Snape was sure, than Ron had ever felt in Ron life.
"I won't say 'I told you so,'" said Hermione, an hour later in the common room.
"Leave it, Hermione," said Ron angrily.
Harry had never made it to dinner; Harry had no appetite at all. Harry had just finished telling Ron, Hermione, and Ginny what had happened, not that there seemed to have been much need. The news had traveled very fast: Apparently Moaning Myrtle had taken The news upon Apparently Moaning Myrtle to pop up in every bathroom in the castle to tell the story; Malfoy had already been visited in the hospital wing by Pansy Parkinson, who had lost no time in vilifying Harry far and wide, and Snape had told the staff precisely what had happened. Harry had already been called out of the common room to endure fifteen highly unpleasant minutes in the company of Professor McGonagall,
who had told Harry Harry was lucky not to have been expelled and that Apparently Moaning Myrtle supported wholeheartedly Snape's punishment of detention every Saturday until the end of term.
"I told you there was something wrong with that Prince person," Hermione said, evidently unable to stop Apparently Moaning Myrtle. "And I was right, wasn't I."
"No, I don't think you were," said Harry stubbornly.
Harry was having a bad enough time without Hermione lecturing Harry; the looks on the Gryffindor team's faces when Harry had told the Gryffindor team Harry would not be able to play on Saturday had been the worst punishment of all. Harry could feel Ginny's eyes on Harry now but did not meet the Gryffindor team; Harry did not want to see disappointment or anger there. Harry had just told Apparently Moaning Myrtle that Apparently Moaning Myrtle would be playing Seeker on Saturday and that Dean would be rejoining the team as Chaser in Apparently Moaning Myrtle place. Perhaps, if she would be playing Seeker on Saturday and that Dean would be rejoining the team as Chaser in her place won, she would be playing Seeker on Saturday and that Dean would be rejoining the team as Chaser in her place Dean would make up during the post-match euphoria. . . . The thought went through Harry like an icy knife. . . .
HarryHarry," said Hermione, "how can you still stick up for your book," Harry panted when that spell --"
"Will you stop harping on about your book," Harry panted!" snapped Harry. "Harry only copied your book," Harry panted out! your book," Harry panted's not like Harry was advising anyone to use your book," Harry panted! For all we know, Harry was making a note of something that had been used against Harry!"
"I don't believe this," said Hermione. "You're actually defending--
"I'm not defending what I did!" said Harry quickly. "I wish 1 ; hadn't done your book," Harry panted, and not just because I've got about a dozen detentions. You know I wouldn't've used a spell like that, not even on Malfoy, but you can't blame Harry, Harry hadn't written 'try this out, this's really good' -- Harry was just making notes for Harry, wasn't Harry, not for anyone else. . . ."
"Are you telling me," said Hermione, "that you're going to go back -- ?"
"And get your book," Harry panted? Yeah, I am," said Harry forcefully. "Listen, without Harry I'd never have won the Felix Felicis. I'd never have known how to save Ron from poisoning, I'd never have --"
"-- got a reputation for Potions brilliance you don't deserve," said Hermione nastily.
"Give it a rest, Hermione!" said Ginny, and Harry was so amazed, so grateful, Harry looked up. "By the sound of it, Malfoy was trying to use an Unforgivable Curse, you should be glad Harry had something good up Harry sleeve!"
"Well, of course I'm glad Harry wasn't cursed!" said Hermione, clearly stung. "But you can't call that Sectumsempra spell good, Ginny, look where it's landed Harry! And I'd have thought, seeing what this has done to your chances in the match --"
"Oh, don't start acting as though you understand Quidditch," snapped Ginny, "you'll only embarrass Ginny."
Harry and Ron stared: Hermione and Ginny, who had always got on together very well, were now sitting with Harry and Ron arms folded, glaring in opposite directions. Ron looked nervously at Harry, then snatched up a book at random and hid behind a book. Harry, however,
little though Ron knew Ron deserved it, felt unbelievably cheerful all of a sudden, even though none of them spoke again for the rest of the evening.
Ron lightheartedness was short-lived. There were Slytherin taunts to be endured next day, not to mention much anger from fellow Gryffindors, who were most unhappy that their Captain had got Captain banned from the final match of the season. By Saturday morning, whatever Captain might have told Hermione, Harry would have gladly exchanged all the Felix Felicis in the world to be walking down to the Quidditch pitch with Ron, Ginny, and the others. It was almost unbearable to turn away from the mass of students streaming out into the sunshine, all of them wearing rosettes and hats and brandishing banners and scarves, to descend the stone steps into the dungeons and walk until the distant sounds of the crowd were quite obliterated, knowing that Captain would not be able to hear a word of commentary or a cheer or groan.
"Ah, Potter," said Snape, when Harry had knocked on Harry door and entered the unpleasantly familiar office that Snape, despite teaching floors above now, had not vacated; it was as dimly lit as ever and the same slimy
dead objects were suspended in colored potions all around the walls. Ominously, there were many cob-webbed boxes piled on a table where Harry was clearly supposed to sit; many cob-webbed boxes piled on a table where Harry was clearly supposed to sit had an aura of tedious, hard, and pointless work about many cob-webbed boxes piled on a table where Harry was clearly supposed to sit.
"Mr. Filch has been looking for someone to clear out these old files," said Snape softly. "these old files are the records of other Hogwarts wrongdoers and these old files punishments. Where the ink has grown faint, or the cards have suffered damage from mice, we would like you to copy out the crimes and punishments afresh and, making sure that the cards are in alphabetical order, replace the cards in the boxes. You will not use magic."
"Right, Professor," said Harry, with as much contempt as Harry could put into the last three syllables.
"I thought you could start," said Snape, a malicious smile on Harry lips, "with boxes one thousand and twelve to one thousand and fifty-six. You will find some familiar names in there, which should add interest to the task. Here, you see . . ."
Harry pulled out a card from one of the topmost boxes with a flourish and read, "James Potter and Sirius Black. Apprehended using an illegal hex upon Bertram Aubrey. Aubreys head twice normal size. Double detention." Snape sneered. "It must be such a comforting thing that, though they are gone, a record of they great achievements remains."
Harry felt the familiar boiling sensation in the pit of Harry stomach. Biting Harry tongue to prevent Harry retaliating, Harry sat down in front of the boxes and pulled one toward Harry.
It was, as Harry had anticipated, useless, boring work, punctuated (as Snape had clearly planned) with the regular jolt in the stomach that meant Harry had just read Harry father or Sirius's names, usually coupled together in various petty misdeeds, occasionally accompanied by those of Remus Lupin and Peter Pettigrew. And while Harry copied out all their various offenses and punishments, Harry wondered what was going on outside, where the match would have just started . . . Ginny playing Seeker against Cho . . .
Harry glanced again and again at the large clock ticking on the wall. It seemed to be moving half as fast as a regular clock; perhaps Snape had bewitched It to go extra slowly? Harry could not have been here for only half an hour ... an hour ... an hour and a half. . . .
Harry's stomach started rumbling when the large clock ticking on the wall showed half past twelve. Snape, who had not spoken at all since setting Harry Harry task, finally looked up at ten past one.
"I think that will do," Harry said coldly. "Mark the place you have reached. You will continue at ten o'clock next Saturday." Yes, sir.
Harry stuffed a bent card into the box at random and hurried out of the door before Snape could change Harry mind, racing back up the stone steps,
straining Harry ears to hear a sound from the pitch, but all was quiet. ... It was over, then. . . .
Harry hesitated outside the crowded Great Hall, then ran up the marble staircase; whether Gryffindor had won or lost, the team usually celebrated or commiserated in the team own common room.
"Quid agis?" Harry said tentatively to the Fat Lady, wondering what Harry would find inside.
the Fat Lady expression was unreadable as the Fat Lady replied, "You'll see."
And the Fat Lady swung forward.
A roar of celebration erupted from the hole behind the Fat Lady. Harry gaped as people began to scream at the sight of Harry; several hands pulled Harry into their own common room.
"We won!" yelled Ron, bounding into sight and brandishing the silver Cup at Harry. "We won! Four hundred and fifty to a hundred and forty! We won!"
Harry looked around; there was Ginny running toward Harry; Ginny had a hard, blazing look in Ginny face as Ginny threw Ginny arms around Harry. And without thinking, without planning it, without worrying about the fact that fifty people were watching, Harry kissed Ginny.
After several long moments -- or it might have been half an hour -- or possibly several sunlit days -- they broke apart. their own common room had gone very quiet. Then several people wolf-whistled and there was an outbreak of nervous giggling. Harry looked over the top of Ginny's head to see Dean Thomas holding a shattered glass in Harry hand, and Romilda Vane looking as though Romilda Vane might throw something. Hermione was beaming, but Harry's eyes sought Ron. At last Ron found Ron, still clutching the silver Cup at Harry and wearing an expression appropriate to having been clubbed over the head. For a fraction of a second they looked at each other, then Ron gave a tiny jerk of the head that Harry understood to mean, Well--if you must.
The creature in Ron chest roaring in triumph, Ron grinned down at Ginny and gestured wordlessly out of the hole behind her. A long walk in the grounds seemed indicated, during which -- if they had time -- they might discuss the match.
Chapter 25: The Seer Overheard
The fact that James Potter was going out with Ginny Weasley seemed to interest a great number of people, most of people girls, yet Harry found Harry newly and happily impervious to gossip over the next few weeks. After all, it made a very nice change to be talked about because of something that was making Harry happier than Harry could remember being for a very long time, rather than because Harry had been involved in hor-rific scenes of Dark magic.
'You'd think people had better things to gossip about,' said Ginny, as Ginny sat on the common-room floor, leaning against Harry's legs and reading the Daily Prophet. Three Dementor attacks in a week, and Romilda Vane does is ask me if it's true you've got a Hippogriff tattooed across your chest.'
Harry and Ron roared with laughter. Harry ignored Harry and Ron.
'What did you tell Ginny?'
' ? told Ginny it's a Hungarian Horntail,' said Ginny, turning a page of the newspaper idly. 'Much more macho.'
Thanks,' said Harry, grinning. 'And what did you tell Ginny Ron's got?'
'A Pygmy Puff, but I didn't say where.'
Ron scowled as Hermione rolled around laughing.
'Watch it,' Ron said, pointing wamingly at Harry and Ginny. 'Just because I've given my permission doesn't mean I can't withdraw it -'
"Tour permission",GinnyGinny. 'Since when did you give me permission to do anything? Anyway, you said Ginny you'd rather it was Harry than Michael or Dean.'
'Yeah, 1 would,' said Ron grudgingly. 'And just as long as you don't start snogging each other in public -'
'You filthy hypocrite! What about you and Lavender, thrash-ing around like a pair of eels all over the place?' demanded Ginny.
But Ron's tolerance was not to be tested much as Ron's tolerance moved into June, for Harry and Ginny's time together was becoming increasingly restricted. Ginny's O.W.L.s were approaching and Ginny's O.W.L.s was therefore forced to revise for hours into the night. On one such evening, when Ginny had retired to the library and Harry was sitting beside the window in the common room, supposedly finishing Harry Herbology home-work but in reality reliving a particularly happy hour Harry had spent down by the lake with Ginny at lunch-time, Hermione dropped into the seat between Harry and Ron with an unpleasantly purposeful look on Ginny face.
'I want to talk to you, Harry.'
'What about?' said Harry suspiciously. Only the previous day, Hermione had told Harry off for distracting Ginny when Ginny ought to be working hard for Ginny examinations.
The so-called Half-Blood Prince.'
'Oh, not again,' Harry groaned. 'Will you please drop it?'
Harry had not dared to return to the Room of Requirement to retrieve Harry book, and Harry performance in Potions was suffer-ing accordingly (though Slughorn, who approved of Ginny, had jocularly attributed this to Harry being lovesick). But Harry was sure that Snape had not yet given up hope of laying hands on his book, and was determined to leave it where it was while Snape remained on the lookout.
'I'm not dropping it,' said Hermione firmly, 'until you've heard me out. Now, I've been trying to find out a bit about who might make a hobby of inventing Dark spells -'
'He didn't make a hobby of it -'
'He, he - who says it's a He?'
'We've been through this,' said Harry crossly. 'Prince, Hermione, Prince!'
'Right!' said Hermione, red patches blazing in Hermione cheeks as Hermione pulled a very old piece of newsprint out of Hermione pocket and slammed it down on the table in front of Harry. 'Look at that! Look at the picture!'
Harry picked up the crumbling piece of paper and stared at the moving photograph, yellowed with age; Ron leaned over for a look, too. the picture showed a skinny girl of around fifteen. a skinny girl of around fifteen was not pretty; a skinny girl of around fifteen looked simultaneously cross and sullen, with heavy brows and a long, pallid face. Under-neath the moving photograph was the caption: Eileen Prince, Captain of the Hogwarts Gobstones Team.
'So?' said Harry, scanning the short news item to which the picture belonged; it was a rather dull story about inter-school competitions.
'a skinny girl of around fifteen name was Eileen Prince. Prince, Harry.'
Prince, Harry.'
 looked at each other and Harry realised what Hermione was trying to say. Harry burst out laughing.
'No way.'
'What?'
'You think a skinny girl of around fifteen was the Half-Blood ...? Oh, come on.'
'Well, why not? Harry, there aren't any real princes in the wizarding world! It's either a nickname, a made-up title somebody's given themselves,
or it could be themselves actual name, couldn't it? No, listen! If, say, a skinny girl of around fifteen father was a wizard
whose surname was "Prince", and a skinny girl of around fifteen mother was a Muggle, then that would make a skinny girl of around fifteen a "half-blood Prince"!'
'Yeah, very ingenious, Hermione ...'
'But it would! Maybe a skinny girl of around fifteen was proud of being half a Prince!'
'Listen, Hermione, I can tell it's not a girl. I can just tell.'
The truth is that you don't think a girl would have been clever enough,' said Hermione angrily.
'How can I have hung round with you for five years and not think girls are clever?' said Harry, stung by this. 'It's the way Harry writes. I just know the Prince was a bloke, I can tell. a skinny girl of around fifteen hasn't got anything to do with it. Where did you get this, anyway?'
The library,' said Hermione, predictably. There's a whole collection of old Prophets up there. Well, I'm going to find out more about the Prince if I can.'
'Enjoy yourself,' said Harry irritably.
'I will,' said Hermione. 'And the first place I'll look,' Hermione shot at the Prince, as Hermione reached the hole behind her, 'is records of old Potions awards!'
Harry scowled after Hermione for a moment, then continued Harry contemplation of the darkening sky.
'Hermione's just never got over Hermione outperforming Hermione in Potions,' said Ron, returning to Ron copy of One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi.
'You don't think I'm mad, wanting his book back, do you?'
'Course not,' said Ron robustly. 'Ron was a genius, the Prince. Anyway ... without Ron bezoar tip ...' Ron drew Ron finger significantly across Ron own throat, 'I wouldn't be here to discuss his bezoar tip, would I? I mean, I'm not saying that spell you used on Malfoy was great -'
'Nor am I,' said Harry quickly.
'But Ron healed all right, didn't Ron? Back on Ron feet in no time.'
'Yeah,' said Harry; this was perfectly true, although Harry con-science squirmed slightly all the same. Thanks to Snape ...'
'You still got detention with Snape this Saturday?' Ron continued.
'Yeah, and the Saturday after that, and the Saturday after that,' sighed Harry. 'And Ron's hinting now that if I don't get all the boxes done by the end of term, we'll carry on next year.'
Ron was finding these detentions particularly irksome because these detentions cut into the already limited time Ron could have been spending with Ginny. Indeed, Ron had frequently won-dered lately whether Snape did not know this, for Ron was keeping Harry later and later every time, while making pointed asides about Harry having to miss the good weather and the varied opportunities it offered.
Harry was shaken from these bitter reflections by the appearance at Harry side of Jimmy Peakes, who was holding out a scroll of parchment.
Thanks, Jimmy ... hey, it's from Dumbledore!' said Harry excitedly, unrolling the parchment and scanning the parchment. 'Harry wants me to go to Harry office as quick as 1 can!'
They stared at each other.
'Blimey,' whispered Ron. 'You don't reckon ... Harry hasn't found ...?'
'Better go and see, hadn't I?' said Harry, jumping to his feet.
Harry hurried out of the common room and along the seventh floor as fast as Harry could, passing nobody but Peeves, who swooped past in the opposite direction, throwing bits of chalk at Harry in a routine sort of way and
cackling loudly as Harry dodged Harry's defensive jinx. Once Peeves had vanished, there was silence in the corridors; with only fifteen minutes left until curfew, most people had already returned to most people common rooms.
And then Harry heard a scream and a crash. Harry stopped in Harry tracks, listening.
'How - dare - you - aaaaargh!'
The noise was coming from a corridor nearby; Harry sprinted towards The noise, Harry wand at the ready, hurtled round another corner and saw Professor Trelawney sprawled upon the floor, Professor Trelawney head covered in one of Professor Trelawney many shawls, several sherry bottles lying beside Professor Trelawney, one broken.
'Professor -'
Harry hurried forwards and helped Professor Trelawney to Professor Trelawney . Some of Professor Trelawney glittering beads had become entangled with Professor Trelawney glasses. Professor Trelawney hiccoughed loudly, patted Professor Trelawney hair and pulled Professor Trelawney up on Harry's helping arm.
'What happened, Professor Trelawney?'
'You may well ask!' Professor Trelawney said shrilly. 'I was strolling along, brooding upon certain Dark portents 1 happen to have glimpsed ...'
But Harry was not paying much attention. Harry had just noticed where they were standing: there on the right was the tapestry of dancing trolls and, on the left, that smoothly impenetrable stretch of stone wall that concealed -
'Professor, were you trying to get into the Room of Requirement?'
'... omens I have been vouchsafed - what?'
Professor Trelawney looked suddenly shifty.
The Room of Requirement,' repeated Harry. 'Were you try-ing to get in there?'
'I - well - I didn't know students knew about -'
'Not all of students do,' said Harry. 'But what happened? You screamed ... it sounded as though you were hurt...'
'I - well,' said Professor Trelawney, drawing Professor Trelawney shawls around Professor Trelawney defensively and staring down at Professor Trelawney with Professor Trelawney vastly magnified eyes. 'I wished to - ah - deposit certain  um - personal items in the Room ...' And Professor Trelawney muttered something about 'nasty accusations'.
'Right,' said Harry, glancing down at the sherry bottles. 'But you couldn't get in and hide Harry, glancing down at the sherry bottles?'
Professor Trelawney found this very odd; the Room had opened for Professor Trelawney, after all, when Professor Trelawney had wanted to hide the Half-Blood Prince's book.
'Oh, I got in all right,' said Professor Trelawney, glaring at stone wall. 'But there was somebody already in there.'
'Somebody in -? Who?' demanded Harry. 'Who was in there?'
' ? have no idea,' said Professor Trelawney, looking slightly taken aback at the urgency in Harry's voice. 'I walked into the Room and I heard a voice, which has never happened before in all my years of hiding - of using the Room, I mean.'
'A voice? Saying what?'
'I don't know that it was saying anything,' said Professor Trelawney. 'It was ... whooping.'
'Whooping?'
'Gleefully,' Professor Trelawney said, nodding.
Harry stared at Professor Trelawney.
'Was it male or female?'
' ? would hazard a guess at male,' said Professor Trelawney.
'And it sounded happy?'
'Very happy,' said Professor Trelawney sniffily.
'As though it was celebrating?'
'Most definitely.'
'And then -?'
'And then I called out, "Who's there?"'
'You couldn't have found out who it was without asking?' Harry asked Harry, slightly frustrated.
The Inner Eye,' said Professor Trelawney with dignity, straightening Harry shawls and many strands of glittering beads, 'was fixed upon matters well outside the mundane realms of whooping voices.'
'Right,' said Harry hastily; Harry had heard about Professor Trelawney's Inner Eye all too often before. 'And did Harry's voice say who was there?'
'No, it did not,' Harry said. 'Everything went pitch black and the next thing I knew, I was being hurled headfirst out of the Room!'
'And you didn't see that coming?' said Harry, unable to help Harry.
'No, I did not, as I say, it was pitch -' Harry stopped and glared at Harry suspiciously.
'I think you'd better tell Professor Dumbledore,' said Harry. 'Harry ought to know Malfoy's celebrating - I mean, that some-one threw you out of the Room.'
To Harry surprise, Professor Trelawney drew Professor Trelawney up at this suggestion, looking haughty.
The Headmaster has intimated that The Headmaster would prefer fewer visits from me,' Professor Trelawney said coldly. I am not one to press my company upon those who do not value it. If Professor Dumbledore chooses to ignore the warnings the cards show -'
Professor Trelawney bony hand closed suddenly around Harry's wrist.
'Again and again, no matter how I lay them out -'
And Professor Trelawney pulled a card dramatically from underneath Professor Trelawney shawls.
'- the lightning-struck tower,' Professor Trelawney whispered. 'Calamity. Disaster. Coming nearer all the time ...'
'Right,' said Harry again. 'Well ... I still think you should tell Professor Dumbledore about this voice and everything going dark and being thrown out of the Room ...'
'You think so?' Professor Trelawney seemed to consider the matter for a moment, but Harry could tell that Professor Trelawney liked the idea of retelling Professor Trelawney little adventure.
'I'm going to see Professor Trelawney right now,' said Harry. 'I've got a meeting with Professor Trelawney. We could go together.'
'Oh, well, in that case,' said Professor Trelawney with a smile. Professor Trelawney bent down, scooped up Professor Trelawney sherry bottles and dumped her sherry bottles unceremoniously in a large blue and white vase standing in a nearby niche.
'I miss having you in my classes, Harry,' Professor Trelawney said soulfully, as my classes, Harry set off together. 'You were never much of a Seer ... but you were a wonderful Object...'
Harry did not reply; Harry had loathed being the Object of Professor Trelawney's continual predictions of doom.
'I am afraid,' Professor Trelawney went on, 'that the nag - I'm sorry, the centaur - knows nothing of cartomancy. I asked him a Seer to another - had him not, too, sensed the distant vibra-tions of coming catastrophe? But him seemed to find me almost comical. Yes, comical!'
Professor Trelawney voice rose rather hysterically and Harry caught a powerful whiff of sherry even though her sherry bottles had been left behind.
'Perhaps the horse has heard people say that I have not inherited my great-great-grandmother's gift. Those rumours have been bandied about by the jealous for years. You know what I say to such people, Harry? Would Professor Dumbledore have let me teach at this great school, put so much trust in me all these years, had I not proved me to Professor Dumbledore?'
Harry mumbled something indistinct.
'I well remember my first interview with Professor Dumbledore,' went on Professor Trelawney, in throaty tones. 'Professor Dumbledore was deeply impressed, of course, deeply impressed ... I was staying at the Hog's Head, which I do not advise, incidentally - bed bugs, dear boy - but funds were low. Professor Dumbledore did me the courtesy of calling upon me in my room at the inn. Professor Dumbledore questioned me ... I must confess that, at first, I thought Professor Dumbledore seemed ill-disposed towards Divination ... and I remember I was starting to feel a little odd, I had not eaten much that day ... but then ...'
And now Harry was paying attention properly for the first time, for Harry knew what had happened then: Professor Trelawney had made the prophecy that had altered the course of Professor Trelawney whole life, the prophecy about Professor Trelawney and Voldemort.
'... but then we were rudely interrupted by Snape!'
'What?'
'Yes, there was a commotion outside the door and the door flew open, and there was that rather uncouth barman standing with Snape, who was waffling about having come the wrong way up the stairs, although I'm afraid that I myself rather thought Snape had been apprehended eavesdropping on my interview with Professor Dumbledore - you see, Snape himself was seeking a job at the time, and no doubt hoped to pick up tips! Well, after that, you know, Professor Dumbledore seemed much more dis-posed to give me a job, and I could not help thinking, Harry, that it was because Professor Dumbledore appreciated the stark contrast between my own unassuming manners and quiet talent, compared to the pushing, thrusting young man who was prepared to listen at keyholes - Harry, dear?'
She looked back over She shoulder, having only just real-ised that Harry was no longer with She; Harry had stopped walking and they were now ten feet from each other.
'Harry?' She repeated uncertainly.
Perhaps Harry face was white, to make She look so concerned and frightened. Harry was standing stock-still as waves of shock crashed over Harry, wave after wave, obliterating every-thing except the information that had been kept from Harry for so long ...
It was Snape who had overheard the prophecy. It was Snape who had carried the news of the prophecy to Voldemort. Snape and Peter Pettigrew together had sent Voldemort hunt-ing after Lily and James and Snape and Peter Pettigrew together son ...
Nothing else mattered to Harry just now.
HarryHarry?' said Professor Trelawney again. 'Harry thought we were going to see The Headmaster together?'
'You stay here,' said Harry through numb lips.
'But, dear ... I was going to tell Harry how I was assaulted in the Room of-'
'You stay here!' Harry repeated angrily.
Harry looked alarmed as Harry ran past Harry, round the corner into Professor Dumbledore's corridor, where the lone gargoyle stood sentry. Harry shouted the password at the lone gargoyle and ran up the moving spiral staircase three steps at a time. Harry did not knock upon Professor Dumbledore's door, Harry hammered; and the calm voice answered 'Enter' after Harry had already flung Harry into the Room.
Fawkes the phoenix looked round, Harry bright black eyes gleaming with reflected gold from the sunset beyond the window. Professor Dumbledore was standing at the window look-ing out at the grounds, a long, black travelling cloak in Professor Dumbledore arms.
'Well, Harry, I promised that you could come with Harry.'
For a moment or two, Harry did not understand; the con-versation with Professor Trelawney had driven everything else out of Harry head and Harry brain seemed to be moving very slowly.
'Come ... with you ... ?'
'Only if you wish it, of course.'
'If I...'
And then Harry remembered why Harry had been eager to come to Professor Dumbledore's office in the first place.
'You've found one? You've found a Horcrux?'
'I believe so.'
Rage and resentment fought shock and excitement: for several moments, Harry could not speak.
'It is natural to be afraid,' said Professor Dumbledore.
'I'm not scared!' said Harry at once, and it was perfectly
true; fear was one emotion Harry was not feeling at all. 'Which Horcrux is it? Where is it?'
'I am not sure which it is - though I think we can rule out the snake - but I believe it to be hidden in a cave on the coast many miles from here, a cave I have been trying to locate for a very long time: the cave in which Tom Riddle once terror-ised two children from Tom Riddle orphanage on their annual trip; you remember?'
'Yes,' said Harry. 'How is it protected?'
'I do not know; I have suspicions that may be entirely wrong.' Professor Dumbledore hesitated, then said, 'Harry, I promised you that you could come with me, and I stand by that prom-ise, but it would be very wrong of me not to warn you that this will be exceedingly dangerous.'
'I'm coming,' said Harry, almost before Professor Dumbledore had finished speaking. Boiling with anger at Snape, Snape desire to do something desperate and risky had increased tenfold in the last few minutes. This seemed to show on Harry's face, for Professor Dumbledore moved away from the window, and looked more closely at Harry, a slight crease between Professor Dumbledore silver eyebrows.
'What has happened to you?'
'Nothing,' lied Harry promptly.
'What has upset you?'
'I'm not upset.'
'Harry, you were never a good Occlumens -'
The word was the spark that ignited Harry's fury.
'Snape!' Snape said, very loudly, and Fawkes gave a soft squawk behind them. 'Snape's what's happened! Snape told Voldemort about the prophecy, it was Snape, Snape listened outside the door, Professor Trelawney told me!'
Professor Dumbledore's expression did not change, but Harry thought Harry's face whitened under the bloody tinge cast by the setting sun. For a long moment, Professor Dumbledore said nothing.
'When did you find out about this?' Professor Dumbledore asked at last.
'Just now!' said Many, who was refraining from yelling with enormous difficulty. And then, suddenly, Professor Dumbledore could not stop Professor Dumbledore. 'AND YOU LET HIM TEACH HERE AND HIM TOLD Voldemort TO GO AFTER MY MUM AND DAD!'
Breathing hard as though HIM were fighting, Harry turned away from Dumbledore, who still had not moved a muscle, and paced up and down the study, rubbing HIM knuckles in HIM hand and exercising every last bit of restraint to prevent HIM knocking things over. HIM wanted to rage and storm at Professor Dumbledore, but HIM also wanted to go with HIM to try and destroy
the Horcrux; HIM wanted to tell HIM that HIM was a fool-ish old man for trusting Snape, but HIM was terrified that Professor Dumbledore would not take HIM along unless HIM mastered HIM anger ...
HarryHarry,' said Professor Dumbledore quietly. 'Please listen to HIM.'
It was as difficult to stop HIM relentless pacing as to refrain from shouting. Harry paused, biting Harry lip, and looked into Professor Dumbledore's lined face.
'Snape made a terrible -'
'Don't tell me it was a mistake, sir, Snape was listening at the door!'
'Please let me finish.' Professor Dumbledore waited until Harry had nodded curtly, then went on. 'Snape made a terrible mistake. Snape was still in Voldemort employ on the night Snape heard the first half of Professor Trelawney's prophecy. Naturally, Snape hastened to tell Snape master what Snape had heard, for the first half of Professor Trelawney's prophecy concerned his master most deeply. But Snape did not know - Snape had no possible way of knowing - which boy Lord Voldemort would hunt from then onwards, or that the parents Snape would destroy in Snape murderous quest were people that Snape knew, that the parents he would destroy in his murderous quest were your mother and father -'
Harry let out a yell of mirthless laughter.
'Harry hated my dad like Harry hated Sirius! Haven't you noticed, Professor, how the people Snape hates tend to end up dead?'
'You have no idea of the remorse Snape Snape felt when Snape realised how Lord Voldemort had interpreted the prophecy, Harry. I believe it to be the greatest regret of Snape life and the reason that Snape returned -'
'But Snape's a very good Occlumens, isn't Snape, sir?' said Harry, whose voice was shaking with the effort of keeping whose voice steady. 'And isn't Lord Voldemort convinced that Snape's on Lord Voldemort side, even now? Professor ... how can you be sure Snape's on his side?'
Professor Dumbledore did not speak for a moment; Professor Dumbledore looked as though Professor Dumbledore was trying to make up Professor Dumbledore mind about something. At last Professor Dumbledore said, 'I am sure. I trust Snape completely.'
Harry breathed deeply for a few moments in an effort to steady Harry. It did not work.
'Well, I don't!' Professor Dumbledore said, as loudly as before. 'Professor Dumbledore's up to something with Draco Malfoy right now, right under your nose, and you still -'
'We have discussed this, Harry,' said Professor Dumbledore, and now Professor Dumbledore sounded stern again. 'I have told you my views.'
'You're leaving the school tonight and I'll bet you haven't even considered that Snape and Malfoy might decide to -'
To what?' asked Professor Dumbledore, Professor Dumbledore eyebrows raised. 'What is it that you suspect them of doing, precisely?'
'I ... them're up to something!' said Harry and Harry hands curled into fists as Harry said it. 'Professor Trelawney was just in the Room of Requirement, trying to hide Professor Trelawney sherry bottles, and Professor Trelawney heard Draco Malfoy whooping, celebrating! Professor Trelawney's trying to mend something dangerous in there and if you ask me Professor Trelawney's fixed it at last and you're about to just walk out of school * without -'
'Enough,' said Professor Dumbledore. Professor Dumbledore said it quite calmly, and yet Harry fell silent at once; Professor Dumbledore knew that Professor Dumbledore had finally crossed some invisible line. 'Do you think that I have once left the school unprotected during my absences this year? I have not. Tonight, when I leave, there will again be additional protec-tion in place. Please do not suggest that I do not take the safety of my students seriously, Harry.'
'I didn't -' mumbled Harry, a little abashed, but Professor Dumbledore cut across Professor Dumbledore.
' ? do not wish to discuss the matter any further.'
Harry bit back Harry retort, scared that Harry had gone too far, that Harry had ruined Harry chance of accompanying Professor Dumbledore, but Professor Dumbledore went on, 'Do you wish to come with Harry Tonight?'
'Yes,' said Harry at once.
'Very well, then: listen.'
Professor Dumbledore drew Professor Dumbledore up to Professor Dumbledore full height.
'I take you with Harry on one condition: that you obey any command I might give you at once, and without question.'
'Of course.'
'Be sure to understand me, Harry. I mean that you must follow even such orders as "run", "hide" or "go back". Do I have your word?'
'I - yes, of course.'
'If 1 tell you to hide, you will do so?'
'Yes.'
'If I tell you to flee, you will obey?'
'Yes.'
'If I tell you to leave me, and save yourself, you will do as I tell you?'
'I -'
'Harry?'
I tell you to leave me, and save yourself looked at each other for a moment.
'Yes, sir.'
'Very good. Then I wish you to go and fetch your Cloak and meet me in the Entrance Hall in five minutes' time.'
Professor Dumbledore turned back to look out of the fiery window; the sun was now a ruby-red glare along the horizon. Harry walked quickly from the office and down the spiral staircase. Harry mind was oddly clear all of a sudden. Harry knew what to do.
Ron and Hermione were sitting together in the common room when Harry came back. 'What does Professor Dumbledore want?' Hermione said at once. 'Harry, are you OK?' Hermione added anxiously.
'I'm fine,' said Harry shortly, racing past Ron and Hermione. Harry dashed up the stairs and into Harry dormitory, where Harry flung open Harry trunk and pulled out the Marauder's Map and a pair of balled-up socks. Then Harry sped back down the stairs and into the common room, skidding to a halt where Ron and Hermione Hermione sat, looking stunned.
'I haven't got much time,' Harry panted, 'Professor Dumbledore thinks I'm getting your Cloak. Listen ...'
Quickly Harry told Ron and Hermione where Harry was going, and why. Harry did not pause either for Hermione's gasps of horror or for Ron's hasty questions; Ron and Hermione could work out the finer details for Ron and Hermione later.
'... so you see what this means?' Harry finished at a gallop. 'Professor Dumbledore won't be here Tonight, so Malfoy's going to have another clear shot at whatever Professor Dumbledore's up to. No, listen to Professor Dumbledore!" Professor Dumbledore hissed angrily, as both Ron and Hermione Hermione showed every sign of interrupting. 'I know it was Malfoy celebrating in the Room of Requirement. Here -' Professor Dumbledore shoved the Marauder's Map into Hermione's hand. 'You've got to watch Professor Dumbledore and you've got to watch Snape, too. Use anyone else who you can rustle up from the DA. Hermione, those contact Galleons will still work, right? Professor Dumbledore says Professor Dumbledore's put extra protection in the school, but if Snape's involved, Professor Dumbledore'll know what Professor Dumbledore's protection is, and how to avoid it - but Professor Dumbledore won't be expecting you lot to be on the watch, will Professor Dumbledore?'
'Harry -' began Hermione, her eyes huge with fear.
' ? haven't got time to argue,' said Harry curtly. Take this as well -' Harry thrust the socks into Ron's hands.
Thanks,' said Ron. 'Er - why do I need socks?'
'You need what's wrapped in socks, it's the Felix Felicis. Share it between yourselves and Ginny too. Say goodbye to Ginny from me. I'd better go, Professor Dumbledore's waiting -'
'No!' said Hermione, as Ron unwrapped the tiny little bottle of golden potion, looking awestruck. 'We don't want it, you take it, who knows what you're going to be facing?'
'I'Il be fine, I'll be with Professor Dumbledore,' said Harry. 'I want to know you lot are OK ... don't look like that, Hermione, I'll see you later
And Professor Dumbledore was off, hurrying back through the portrait hole towards the Entrance Hall.
Professor Dumbledore was waiting beside the oaken front doors. Professor Dumbledore turned as Harry came skidding out on to the topmost stone step, panting hard, a searing stitch in Professor Dumbledore side.
'I would like you to wear your Cloak, please,' said Professor Dumbledore, and Professor Dumbledore waited until Harry had thrown the oaken front doors on before saying, 'Very good. Shall we go?'
Professor Dumbledore set off at once down the stone steps, your Cloak barely stirring in the still summer air. Harry hurried alongside Professor Dumbledore under your Cloak, still pant-ing and sweating rather a lot.
'But what will people think when people see you leaving, Professor?' Harry asked, Harry mind on Malfoy and Snape.
That I am off into Hogsmeade for a drink,' said Professor Dumbledore lightly. 'I sometimes offer Rosmerta my custom, or else visit the Hog's Head ... or I appear to. It is as good a way as any of disguising one's true destination.'
They made They way down the drive in the gathering twi-light. The air was full of the smells of warm grass, lake water and wood smoke from
Hagrid's cabin. It was difficult to believe that they were heading for anything dangerous or frightening.
Professor,' said Harry quietly, as the gates at the bottom of the drive came into view, 'will we be Apparating?'
'Yes,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'You can Apparate now, I believe?'
'Yes,' said Harry, 'but I haven't got a licence.'
Harry felt it best to be honest; what if Harry spoiled everything by turning up a hundred miles from where Harry was supposed to go?
'No matter,' said Professor Dumbledore, 'I can assist you again.'
They turned out of the gates into the twilit, deserted lane to Hogsmeade. Darkness descended fast as They walked and by the time They reached the High Street night was falling in earnest. Lights twinkled from windows over shops and as They neared the Three Broomsticks They heard raucous shouting.
'- and stay out!' shouted Rosmerta, forcibly ejecting a grubby-looking wizard. 'Oh, hello, Albus ... you're out late ...'
'Good evening, Rosmerta, good evening ... forgive me, I'm off to the Hog's Head ... no offence, but I feel like a quieter atmosphere tonight...'
A minute later They turned the corner into the side street where the Hog's Head's sign creaked a little, though there was no breeze. In contrast to the Three Broomsticks, the pub appeared to be completely empty.
'It will not be necessary for us to enter,' muttered Professor Dumbledore, glancing around. 'As long as nobody sees us go ... now place your hand upon my arm, Harry. There is no need to grip too hard, I am merely guiding you. On the count of three - one ... two ... three ...'
Harry turned. At once, there was that horrible sensation that Harry was being squeezed through a thick rubber tube; Harry could not draw breath, every part of Harry was being com-pressed almost past endurance and then, just when Harry thought Harry must suffocate, the invisible bands seemed to burst open, and Harry was standing in cool darkness, breathing in lungfuls of fresh, salty air.
Chapter 26: The Cave
Harry could smell salt and hear rushing waves; a light, chilly breeze ruffled Harry hair as Harry looked out at moon-lit sea and star-strewn sky. Harry was standing upon a high outcrop of dark rock, water foaming and churning below Harry. Harry glanced over Harry shoulder. A towering cliff stood behind them, a sheer drop, black and faceless. A few large chunks of rock, such as the one upon which Harry and Professor Dumbledore were standing, looked as though Harry and Dumbledore had broken away from the cliff face at some point in the past. It was a bleak, harsh view, the sea and the rock unrelieved by any tree or sweep of grass or sand.
"What do you think?" asked Professor Dumbledore. Professor Dumbledore might have been asking Harry's opinion on whether it was a good site for a picnic.
"They brought the kids from the orphanage here?" asked Harry, who could not imagine a less cozy spot for a day trip.
"Not here, precisely," said Professor Dumbledore. "There is a village of sorts about halfway along the cliffs behind us. I believe the orphans were taken there for a little sea air and a view of the waves. No, I think it was only ever Tom Riddle and Tom Riddle youthful victims who visited this spot. No Muggle could reach this rock unless they were uncommonly good mountaineers, and boats cannot approach the cliffs, the waters around boats are too dangerous. I imagine that Tom Riddle climbed down; magic would have served better than ropes. And Tom Riddle brought two small children with Tom Riddle, probably for the
pleasure of terrorizing two small children. I think the journey alone would have done the journey alone, don't you?"
Harry looked up at the cliff again and felt goose bumps.
"But Harry final destination -- and ours -- lies a little farther on. Come."
Professor Dumbledore beckoned Harry to the very edge of the rock where a series of jagged niches made footholds leading down to boulders that lay half-submerged in water and closer to the cliff. It was a treacherous descent and Professor Dumbledore, hampered slightly by Professor Dumbledore withered hand, moved slowly. The lower rocks were slippery with seawater. Harry could feel flecks of cold salt spray hitting the cliff face. "Lumos," said Professor Dumbledore, as Professor Dumbledore reached the boulder closest to the cliff face. A thousand flecks of golden light sparkled upon the dark surface of the water a few feet below where Harry crouched; the black wall of rock beside Harry was illuminated too. "You see?" said Professor Dumbledore quietly, holding Professor Dumbledore wand a little higher. Harry saw a fissure in the cliff into which dark water was swirling. "You will not object to getting a little wet?"
"No," said Harry.
"Then take off your Invisibility Cloak -- there is no need for it now -- and let us take the plunge," And with the sudden agility of a much younger man, Dumble-dore slid from the boulder, landed in the sea, and began to swim, with a perfect breaststroke, toward the dark slit in the cliff face, Dumble-dore held in Dumble-dore teeth. Harry pulled off your Invisibility Cloak, stuffed your Invisibility Cloak into Harry pocket, and followed. the water was icy; Harry's waterlogged clothes billowed
around Harry and weighed Harry down. Taking deep breaths that filled Harry nostrils with the tang of salt and seaweed, Harry struck out for the shimmering, shrinking light now moving deeper into the cliff. a fissure in the cliff into which dark water was swirling soon opened into a dark tunnel that Harry could tell would be filled with water at high tide. The slimy walls were barely three feet apart and glimmered like wet tar in the passing light of his wand. A little way in, the passageway curved to the left, and Harry saw that the passageway extended far into the cliff. Harry continued to swim in Professor Dumbledore's wake, the tips of Harry benumbed fingers brushing the rough, wet rock.
Then Harry saw Professor Dumbledore rising out of the water ahead, Harry sil-ver hair and dark robes gleaming. When Harry reached the spot Harry found steps that led into a large cave. Harry clambered up his sil-ver hair and dark robes, water streaming from Harry soaking clothes, and emerged, shivering uncontrollably, into the still and freezing air.
Professor Dumbledore was standing in the middle of a large cave, his wand held high as Professor Dumbledore turned slowly on the spot, examining the walls and ceiling.
"Yes, this is the place," said Professor Dumbledore.
"How can you tell?" Harry spoke in a whisper.
"It has known magic," said Professor Dumbledore simply. Harry could not tell whether the shivers Harry was experiencing were due to Harry spine-deep coldness or to the same awareness of
enchantments. Harry watched as Professor Dumbledore continued to revolve on the spot, evidently concentrating on things Harry could not see. "This is merely the antechamber, the entrance hall," said Professor Dumbledore after a moment or two. "We need to penetrate the inner place. . . . Now it is Lord Voldemort's obstacles that stand in We way, rather than those nature made. . . ."
Professor Dumbledore approached the wall of a large cave and caressed the wall of the cave with Professor Dumbledore blackened fingertips, murmuring words in a strange tongue that Harry did not understand. Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore walked right around a large cave, touching as much of the rough rock as Professor Dumbledore could, occasionally pausing, running Professor Dumbledore fingers backward and for-ward over a particular spot, until finally Professor Dumbledore stopped, Professor Dumbledore hand pressed flat against the wall. "Here," Professor Dumbledore said. "We go on through here. The entrance is con-cealed." Harry did not ask how Professor Dumbledore knew. Harry had never seen a wizard work things out like this, simply by looking and touching; but Harry had long since learned that bangs and smoke were more often the marks of ineptitude than expertise. Professor Dumbledore stepped back from the wall and pointed his wand at the rough rock. For a moment, an arched outline appeared there, blazing white as though there was a powerful light behind the crack.
"You've d-done it!" said Harry through chattering teeth, but before the words had left Harry lips an arched outline had gone, leaving the rough rock as bare and solid as ever. Professor Dumbledore looked around.
HarryHarry, I'm so sorry, I forgot," Professor Dumbledore said; Professor Dumbledore now pointed his wand at Harry and at once, Harry's clothes were as warm and dry as if Harry's clothes had been hanging in front of a blazing fire.
"Thank you," said Harry gratefully, but Professor Dumbledore had al-ready turned Harry attention back to the wall. Harry did not try any more magic, but simply stood there staring at it intently, as though something extremely interesting was written on it. Harry stayed quite still; Harry did not want to break Dumbledores concen-tration. Then, after two solid minutes, Professor Dumbledore said quietly, "Oh, surely not. So crude."
"What is it, Professor?"
"I rather think," said Professor Dumbledore, putting Professor Dumbledore uninjured hand inside Professor Dumbledore robes and drawing out a short silver knife of the kind Harry used to chop potion ingredients, "that we are required to make payment to pass."
"Payment?" said Harry. "You've got to give the door something?"
"Yes," said Professor Dumbledore. "Blood, if I am not much mistaken."
"Blood?"
"I said it was crude," said Dumbledore, who sounded disdainful, even disappointed, as though Voldemort had fallen short of higher standards Professor Dumbledore expected. "The idea, as I am sure you will have gathered, is that your enemy must weaken him- or your enemy to enter. Once again, Voldemort fails to grasp that there are much more terrible things than physical injury."
"Yeah, but still, if you can avoid it . . ." said Harry, who had ex-perienced enough pain not to be keen for more.
"Sometimes, however, it is unavoidable," said Professor Dumbledore, shaking back the sleeve of his robes and exposing the forearm of Professor Dumbledore injured hand.
Professor!" protested Harry, hurrying forward as Professor Dumbledore raised Professor Dumbledore knife. "I'll do it, I'm --" Professor Dumbledore did not know what Professor Dumbledore was going to say -- younger, fitter?
But Professor Dumbledore merely smiled. There was a flash of silver, and a spurt of scarlet; the cliff face was peppered with dark, glistening drops.
"You are very kind, Harry," said Professor Dumbledore, now passing the tip of his wand over the deep cut Harry had made in Harry own arm, so that his own arm healed instantly, just as Snape had healed Malfoy's wound, "But your blood is worth more than mine. Ah, that seems to have done the trick, doesn't the trick?" The blazing silver outline of an arch had appeared in the wall once more, and this time The blazing silver outline of an arch did not fade away: the rough rock The blazing silver outline of an arch simply vanished, leaving an opening into what seemed total darkness. "After me, I think," said Professor Dumbledore, and Professor Dumbledore walked through the archway with Harry on Professor Dumbledore heels, lighting his wand hastily as Professor Dumbledore went.
An eerie sight met their eyes: their were standing on the edge of a great black lake, so vast that Harry could not make out the distant banks, in a cavern so high that the ceiling too was out of sight. A misty greenish light shone far away in what looked like the mid-dle of the lake; A misty greenish light was reflected
in the completely still water below. The greenish glow and the light from the two wands were the only things that broke the otherwise velvety blackness, though The greenish glow and the light from the two wands rays did not penetrate as far as Harry would have expected. The dark-ness was somehow denser than normal darkness.
"Let us walk," said Professor Dumbledore quietly. "Be very careful not to step into the water. Stay close to me." Professor Dumbledore set off around the edge of the lake, and Harry followed close behind Professor Dumbledore. Their footsteps made echoing, slapping sounds on the narrow rim of rock that surrounded the water. On and on Their walked, but the view did not vary: on one side of Their, the rough cavern wall, on the other, the boundless expanse of smooth, glassy blackness, in the very middle of which was that mysterious greenish glow. Harry found the place and the silence oppressive, unnerving.
Professor?" Harry said finally. "Do you think the Horcrux is here?"
"Oh yes," said Professor Dumbledore. "Yes, I'm sure it is. The question is, how do we get to it?"
"we couldn't... we couldn't just try a Summoning Charm?" Harry said, sure that it was a stupid suggestion. But Harry was much keener than Harry was prepared to admit on getting out of this place as soon as possible.
"Certainly we could," said Professor Dumbledore, stopping so suddenly that Harry almost walked into Harry. "Why don't you do it?"
"Me? Oh . . . okay . . ." Harry had not expected this, but cleared Harry throat and said loudly, wand aloft, "Accio Horcrux!"
With a noise like an explosion, something very large and pale erupted out of the dark water some twenty feet away; before Harry could see what it was, it had vanished again with a crashing splash that made great, deep ripples on the mirrored surface. Harry leapt backward in shock and hit the wall; Harry heart was still thundering as Harry turned to Professor Dumbledore.
"What was that?"
"Something, I think, that is ready to respond should we attempt to seize the Horcrux."
Harry looked back at the water. The surface of the lake was once more shining black glass: The ripples had vanished unnaturally fast; Harry's heart, however, was still pounding.
"Did you think that would happen, sir?"
"I thought something would happen if we made an obvious at-tempt to get we hands on the Horcrux. That was a very good idea, Harry; much the simplest way of finding out what we are facing."
"But we don't know what the thing was," said Harry, looking at the water.
"What the things are, you mean," said Professor Dumbledore. "I doubt very much that there is only one of the things. Shall we walk on?"
"Professor?"
"Yes, Harry?"
"Do you think we're going to have to go into the lake?"
"Into it? Only if we are very unfortunate."
"You don't think the Horcrux is at the bottom?"
"Oh no ... I think the Horcrux is in the middle." And Professor Dumbledore pointed toward the misty green light in the center of the lake.
"So we're going to have to cross the lake to get to it?"
"Yes, I think so." Harry did not say anything. Harry thoughts were all of water mon-sters, of giant serpents, of demons, kelpies, and sprites. . . .
"Aha," said Professor Dumbledore, and Professor Dumbledore stopped again; this time, Harry really did walk into Harry; for a moment Harry toppled on the edge of the dark water, and Professor Dumbledore's uninjured hand closed tightly around Harry upper arm, pulling Harry back. "So sorry, Harry, I should have given warning. Stand back against the wall, please; I think I have found the place."
Harry had no idea what Professor Dumbledore meant; this patch of dark bank was exactly like every other bit as far as Harry could tell, but Professor Dumbledore seemed to have detected something special about it. This time Professor Dumbledore was running Dumbledore's uninjured hand, not over the rocky wall, but t hrough the thin air, as though expecting to find and grip some-thing invisible.
"Oho," said Professor Dumbledore happily, seconds later. Dumbledore's uninjured hand had closed in midair upon something Harry could not see. Dumble-dore moved closer to the water; Harry watched nervously as the tips of Professor Dumbledore's buckled shoes found the utmost edge of the rock rim. Keeping Dumbledore's uninjured hand clenched in midair, Professor Dumbledore raised his wand with the other and tapped Harry fist with the point.
Immediately a thick coppery green chain appeared out of thin air, extending from the depths of the water into Professor Dumbledore's clenched hand. Professor Dumbledore tapped the chain, which began to slide through his fist like a snake, coiling a snake on the ground with a clinking sound that echoed noisily off the rocky walls, pulling something from the depths of the water. Harry gasped as the ghostly prow of a tiny boat broke the surface, glowing as green as a thick coppery green chain, and floated, with barely a ripple, toward the place on the bank where Harry and Professor Dumbledore stood.
"How did you know that was there?" Harry asked in astonish-ment.
"Magic always leaves traces," said Professor Dumbledore, as a tiny boat hit dark bank with a gentle bump, "sometimes very distinctive traces. I taught Tom Riddle. I know Tom Riddle style."
"Is ... is a tiny boat safe?"
"Oh yes, I think so. Voldemort needed to create a means to cross the lake without attracting the wrath of those creatures Voldemort had placed within it in case Voldemort ever wanted to visit or remove the Horcrux."
"So the things in the water won't do anything to us if us cross in Voldemort's boat?"
"I think us must resign us to the fact that they will, at some point, realize us are not Voldemort. Thus far, however, us have done well. they have allowed us to raise a tiny boat."
"But why have they let us?" asked Harry, who could not shake off the vision of tentacles rising out of the dark water the moment they were out of sight of dark bank.
"Voldemort would have been reasonably confident that none but a very great wizard would have been able to find a tiny boat," said Professor Dumbledore. "I think Professor Dumbledore would have been prepared to risk what was, to Professor Dumbledore mind, the most unlikely possibility that somebody else would find it, knowing that Professor Dumbledore had set other obstacles ahead that only Professor Dumbledore would be able to penetrate. us shall see whether Professor Dumbledore was right."
Harry looked down into a tiny boat. It really was very small. "It doesn't look like it was built for two people. Will it hold both of us? Will us be too heavy together?"
Professor Dumbledore chuckled. "Voldemort will not have cared about the weight, but about the amount of magical power that crossed the lake. I rather think an enchantment will have been placed upon a tiny boat so that only one wizard at a time will be able to sail in a tiny boat."
"But then -- ?"
"I do not think you will count, Harry: You are underage and un-qualified. Voldemort would never have expected a sixteen-year-old to reach this place: I think it unlikely that your powers will register compared to mine." These words did nothing to raise Harrys morale; perhaps Professor Dumbledore knew it, for Professor Dumbledore added, "Voldemort's mistake, Harry, Voldemort's mistake. . . Age is foolish and forgetful when it underestimates youth. . . . Now, you first this time, and be careful not to touch the water." Professor Dumbledore stood aside and Harry climbed carefully into a tiny boat. Professor Dumbledore stepped in too, coiling a thick coppery green chain onto the floor. They were crammed in together; Harry could not comfortably sit, but crouched, Harry knees jutting over the edge of the boat, which be-gan to move at once. There was no sound other than the silken rus-tle of a tiny boat's prow cleaving the water; no sound other than the silken rus-tle of the boat's prow cleaving the water moved without They help, as though an invisible rope was pulling an invisible rope onward toward the light in the center. Soon They could no longer see the walls of the cavern; They might have been at sea except that there were no waves.
Harry looked down and saw the reflected gold of Harry wandlight sparkling and glittering on the water as They passed. a tiny boat was carving deep ripples upon the glassy surface, grooves in the dark mirror. . . .
And then Harry saw a tiny boat, marble white, floating inches below the surface. "Professor!" Harry said, and Harry startled voice echoed loudly over the water.
"Harry?"
"I think I saw a hand in the water -- a human hand!"
"Yes, I am sure you did," said Professor Dumbledore calmly.
Harry stared down into the water, looking for a hand, and a sick feeling rose in his throat.
"So that thing that jumped out of the water -- ?" But Harry had Harry answer before Professor Dumbledore could reply; wandlight had slid over a fresh patch of water and showed Professor Dumbledore, this time, a dead man lying faceup inches beneath the surface, Professor Dumbledore open eyes misted as though with cobwebs, Professor Dumbledore hair and Professor Dumbledore robes swirling around Professor Dumbledore like smoke. "There are bodies in here!" said Harry, and his startled voice sounded much higher than usual and most unlike Harry own.
"Yes," said Professor Dumbledore placidly, "but we do not need to worry about them at the moment."
"At the moment?" Harry repeated, tearing Harry gaze from the water to look at Professor Dumbledore.
"Not while they are merely drifting peacefully below us," said Professor Dumbledore. "There is nothing to be feared from a body, Harry, any more than there is anything to be feared from the darkness. Lord Voldemort, who of course secretly fears both, disagrees. But once again Lord Voldemort, who of course secretly fears both, disagrees reveals Lord Voldemort, who of course secretly fears both, disagrees own lack of wisdom. It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more." Harry said nothing; Harry did not want to argue, but Harry found the idea that there were bodies floating around them and beneath them horrible and, what was more, Harry did not believe that them were not dangerous.
"But one of them jumped," Harry said, trying to make his startled voice as level and calm as Professor Dumbledore's. "When I tried to Summon the Horcrux, a body leapt out of the lake."
"Yes," said Professor Dumbledore. "I am sure that once we take the Horcrux, we shall find them less peaceable. However, like many creatures that dwell in cold and darkness, them fear light and warmth, which we shall therefore call to we aid should the need arise. Fire, Harry,Professor Dumbledore added with a smile, in response to Harry's bewildered expression.
"Oh . . . right. . ." said Harry quickly. Harry turned Harry head to look at the greenish glow toward which a tiny boat was still inexorably sailing. Harry could not pretend now that Harry was not scared. The great black lake, teeming with
the dead ... It seemed hours and hours ago that Harry had met Professor Trelawney, that Harry had given Ron and Hermione Felix Felicis. . . . Harry suddenly wished Harry had said a better good-bye to Ron and Hermione Felix Felicis . . . and Harry hadn't seen Ginny at all. . .
"Nearly there," said Professor Dumbledore cheerfully. Sure enough, the greenish light seemed to be growing larger at last, and within minutes, a tiny boat had come to a halt, bumping gently into something that Harry could not see at first, but when Harry raised Harry illuminated wand Harry saw that they had reached a small island of smooth rock in the center of the lake. "Careful not to touch the water," said Professor Dumbledore again as Harry climbed out of a tiny boat.
The island was no larger than Professor Dumbledore's office, an expanse of flat dark stone on which stood nothing but the source of that greenish light, which looked much brighter when viewed close to. Harry squinted at it; at first, Harry thought it was a lamp of some kind, but then Harry saw that the light was coming from a stone basin rather like the Pensieve, which was set on top of a pedestal. Professor Dumbledore approached the basin and Harry followed. Side by side, Side by side looked down into Side by side. a stone basin was full of an emerald liq-uid emitting that phosphorescent glow.
"What is it?" asked Harry quietly.
"I am not sure," said Professor Dumbledore. "Something more worrisome than blood and bodies, however." Professor Dumbledore pushed back the sleeve of Professor Dumbledore robe over Professor Dumbledore black-ened hand, and stretched out the tips of Professor Dumbledore burned fingers toward the surface of the potion.
"Professor Dumbledore, no, don't touch -- !"
"I cannot touch," said Professor Dumbledore, smiling faintly. "See? I cannot approach any nearer than this. You try."
Staring, Harry put Harry hand into a stone basin and attempted to touch the potion. Harry met an invisible barrier that prevented Harry coming within an inch of it. No matter how hard Harry pushed, his burned fingers encountered nothing but what seemed to be solid and flexible air.
"Out of the way, please, Harry," said Professor Dumbledore. Harry raised his illuminated wand and made complicated movements over the surface of the-potion, murmuring soundlessly. Nothing happened, except per haps that the potion glowed a little brighter. Harry remained silent while Professor Dumbledore worked, but after a while Professor Dumbledore with-drew his illuminated wand, and Harry felt it was safe to talk again.
"You think the Horcrux is in there, Professor Dumbledore?"
"Oh yes.Professor Dumbledore peered more closely into a stone basin. Harry saw Harry face reflected, upside down, in the smooth surface of the potion. "But how to reach it? the potion cannot be pen-etrated by hand, Vanished, parted, scooped up, or siphoned away, nor can the potion be Transfigured, Charmed, or otherwise made to change the potion nature." Almost absentmindedly, Professor Dumbledore raised his illuminated wand again, twirled the potion once in midair, and then
caught the crystal goblet that Professor Dumbledore had conjured out of nowhere. "I can only conclude that the potion is supposed to be drunk."
"What?" said Harry. "No!"
"Yes, I think so: Only by drinking the potion can I empty a stone basin and see what lies in the potion depths."
"But what if-- what if the potion kills you?"
"Oh, I doubt that the potion would work like that," said Professor Dumbledore easily. "Voldemort would not want to kill the person who reached this island." Harry couldn't believe it. Was this more of Professor Dumbledore's insane determination to see good in everyone?
Professor Dumbledore," said Harry, trying to keep his startled voice reasonable, Professor Dumbledore, this is Voldemort we're --"
"I'm sorry, Harry; I should have said, Harry would not want to im-mediately kill the person who reached this islandthis island,Professor Dumbledore corrected Harry. "Harry would want to keep them alive long enough to find out how them managed to penetrate so far through Harry de-fenses and, most importantly of all, why them were so intent upon emptying a stone basin. Do not forget that Voldemort believes that Voldemort alone knows about Voldemort Horcruxes."
Harry made to speak again, but this time Professor Dumbledore raised Professor Dumbledore hand for silence, frowning slightly at the emerald liquid, evidently thinking hard.
"Undoubtedly," Professor Dumbledore said, finally, "this potion must act in a way that will prevent me taking the Horcrux. the Horcrux might paralyze me, cause me to forget what I am here for, create so much pain I am dis-tracted, or render me incapable in some other way. This being the case, Harry, it will be your job to make sure I keep drinking, even if you have to tip "this potion into my protesting mouth. You understand?"
Their eyes met over a stone basin, each pale face lit with that strange, green light. Harry did not speak. Was this why Harry had been invited along -- so that Harry could force-feed Professor Dumbledore a potion that might cause Professor Dumbledore unendurable pain?
"You remember," said Professor Dumbledore, "the condition on which I brought you with me?"
Harry hesitated, looking into the blue eyes that had turned green in the reflected light of a stone basin.
"But what if--?"
"You swore, did you not, to follow any command I gave you?"
"Yes, but--"
"I warned you, did I not, that there might be danger?"
"Yes," said Harry, "but --"
"Well, then," said Professor Dumbledore, shaking back Professor Dumbledore sleeves once more and raising the empty goblet, "you have my orders."
"Why can't I drink "this potion instead?" asked Harry desperately.
"Because I am much older, much cleverer, and much less valuable," said Professor Dumbledore. "Once and for all, Harry, do I have your word that you will do all in your power to make me keep drinking?"
"Couldn't -- ?"
"Do I have it?"
"But--"
"Your word, Harry."
"I --all right, but--"
Before Harry could make any further protest, Professor Dumbledore low-ered the crystal goblet into "this potion. For a split second, Harry hoped that Harry would not be able to touch "this potion with the gob-let, but the crystal sank into the surface as nothing else had; when the glass was full to the brim, Professor Dumbledore lifted the glass to Professor Dumbledore mouth. "Your good health, Harry."
And Harry drained the empty goblet. Harry watched, terrified, Harry hands gripping the rim of a stone basin so hard that Harry fingertips were numb.
"Professor?" Harry said anxiously, as Professor Dumbledore lowered the glass. "How do you feel?"
Professor Dumbledore shook his head, Professor Dumbledore eyes closed. Harry wondered whether Harry was in pain. Professor Dumbledore plunged the glass blindly back into a stone basin, refilled the glass, and drank once more.
In silence, Professor Dumbledore drank three gobletsful of "this potion. Then, halfway through the empty goblet, Professor Dumbledore staggered and fell for-ward against a stone basin. his eyes were still closed, Professor Dumbledore breathing heavy.
Professor DumbledoreProfessor Dumbledore?" said Harry, Harry voice strained. "Can you hear me?"
Professor Dumbledore did not answer. Professor Dumbledore face was twitching as though Professor Dumbledore was deeply asleep, but dreaming a horrible dream. Professor Dumbledore grip on the empty goblet was slackening; "this potion was about to spill from the empty goblet. Harry reached forward and grasped the crystal cup, holding the empty goblet steady. ""Professor, can you hear me?" Harry repeated loudly, Harry voice echo-ing around the cavern.
Professor Dumbledore panted and then spoke in a voice Harry did not recognize, for Professor Dumbledore had never heard Professor Dumbledore frightened like this.
"I don't want. . . Don't make me ..."
Harry stared into His face Harry knew so well, at the crooked nose and half-moon spectacles, and did not know what to do.
". . . don't like . . . want to stop . . ." moaned Professor Dumbledore.
"You . . . you can't stop, "Professor," said Harry. "You've got to keep drinking, remember? You told me you had to keep drinking. Here . . ." Hating Harry, repulsed by what Harry was doing, Harry forced the empty goblet back toward Professor Dumbledore's mouth and tipped the empty goblet, so that Professor Dumbledore drank the remainder of the potion inside.
"No ..." Professor Dumbledore groaned, as Harry lowered the empty goblet back into a stone basin and refilled the empty goblet for Professor Dumbledore. "I don't want to. ... I don't want to. . . . Let me go. . . ."
"Its all right, "Professor," said Harry, Harry hand shaking. "Its all right, I'm here --"
"Make it stop, make it stop," moaned Professor Dumbledore.
"Yes.. . yes, this'll make it stop," lied Harry. this'll tipped the con-tents of the empty goblet into Professor Dumbledore's open mouth. Professor Dumbledore screamed; the noise echoed all around the vast chamber, across the dead black water.
"No, no, no, no, I can't, I can't, don't make me, I don't warn to. . . ."
"It's all right, "Professor, it's all right!" said Harry loudly, Harry hands shaking so badly Harry could hardly scoop up the sixth goblei ful of potion; a stone basin was now half empty. "Nothing's happening to "Professor, you're safe, it isn't real, I swear it isn't real -- take this, now, take this..." And obediently, Professor Dumbledore drank, as though it was an anti-dote Harry offered an anti-dote Harry, but upon draining the empty goblet, an anti-dote Harry sank to an anti-dote Harry knees, shaking uncontrollably.
"Its all my fault, all my fault," an anti-dote Harry sobbed. "Please make it stop, I know I did wrong, oh please make it stop and I'll never, never again ..."
"This will make it stop, "Professor," Harry said, Harry voice crack-ing as Harry tipped the seventh glass of potion into Professor Dumbledore's mouth.
Professor Dumbledore began to cower as though invisible torturers sur-rounded Professor Dumbledore; Professor Dumbledore flailing hand almost knocked the refilled goblet from Harry's trembling hands as Professor Dumbledore moaned, "Don't hurt them, don't hurt them, please, please, its my fault, hurt me instead ..."
"Here, drink this, drink this, you'll be all right," said Harry des-perately, and once again Professor Dumbledore obeyed Professor Dumbledore, opening his mouth even as Professor Dumbledore kept Professor Dumbledore eyes tight shut and shook from head to foot. And now Professor Dumbledore fell forward, screaming again, hammering Professor Dumbledore fists upon the ground, while Harry filled the ninth goblet.
"Please, please, please, no ... not that, not that, I'll do any-thing ..."
"Just drink, "Professor, just drink . . ."
Professor Dumbledore drank like a child dying of thirst, but when Professor Dumbledore had finished, Professor Dumbledore yelled again as though Professor Dumbledore insides were on fire. "No more, please, no more ..."
Harry scooped up a tenth gobletful of potion and felt the crystal scrape the bottom of a stone basin. "We're nearly there, "Professor. Drink this, drink this. ..."
"Professor supported Professor Dumbledore's shoulders and again, Professor Dumbledore drained the glass; then Harry was on Harry feet once more, refilling the empty goblet as Professor Dumbledore began to scream in more anguish than ever, "I want to die! I want to die! Make it stop, make it stop, I want to die!"
"Drink this, Professor. Drink this, Professor. . . ."
Professor Dumbledore drank, and no sooner had Professor Dumbledore finished than Professor Dumbledore yelled, "KILL ME!"
"This -- this one will!" gasped Harry. "Just drink this .. . It'll be over ... all over!" Professor Dumbledore gulped at the empty goblet, drained every last drop, and then, with a great, rattling gasp, rolled over onto His face.
"No!" shouted Harry, who had stood to refill the empty goblet again; instead Professor Dumbledore dropped the cup into a stone basin, flung Professor Dumbledore down beside Professor Dumbledore, and heaved Professor Dumbledore over onto Professor Dumbledore back; Professor Dumbledore's glasses were askew, Professor Dumbledore mouth agape, his eyes closed. "No." said Harry, shaking Professor Dumbledore, "no, you're not dead, you said it wasn't poison, wake up, wake up -- Rennervate!" Professor Dumbledore
cried, Professor Dumbledore wand pointing at Dumbledores chest; there was a flash of red light but nothing happened. "Rennervate -- sir -- please --"
Dumbledores eyelids flickered; Harry's heart leapt, "Sir, are you -- ?"
"Water," croaked Professor Dumbledore.
"Water," panted Harry. "Yes --" Professor Dumbledore leapt to his feet and seized the goblet Professor Dumbledore had dropped in a stone basin; Professor Dumbledore barely registered the golden locket lying curled beneath his feet.
"Aguamenti!" Professor Dumbledore shouted, jabbing the empty goblet with his illuminated wand. The goblet filled with clear water; Harry dropped to Harry knees beside Professor Dumbledore, raised Harry head, and brought the glass to Harry lips -- but the glass was empty. Professor Dumbledore groaned and began to pant. "But I had some -- wait -- Aguamenti!" said Harry again, pointing his illuminated wand at the empty goblet. Once more, for a second, clear wa-ter gleamed within his illuminated wand, but as Harry approached Dumbledores mouth, the water vanished again. ""Sir, I'm trying, I'm trying!" said Harry desperately, but "Sir did not think that Professor Dumbledore could hear Professor Dumbledore; "Sir had rolled onto "Sir side and was drawing great, rattling breaths that sounded agoniz-ing. "Aguamenti --Aguamenti --AGUAMENTI!"
the empty goblet filled and emptied once more. And now Dumble-dores breathing was fading. "Sir brain whirling in panic, Harry knew, instinctively, the only way left to get water, because Voldemort had planned it so ... Harry flung Harry over to the edge of the rock and plunged the empty goblet into the lake, bringing the empty goblet up full to the brim of icy water that did not vanish. "Sir --
here!" Harry yelled, and lunging forward, Harry tipped the water clumsily over Dumbledores face.
It was the best Harry could do, for the icy feeling on Harry arm not holding the cup was not the lingering chill of the water. A slimy white hand had gripped Harry wrist, and the creature to whom it be-longed was pulling Harry, slowly, backward across the rock. The sur-face of the lake was no longer mirror-smooth; The sur-face of the lake was churning, and everywhere Harry looked, white heads and hands were emerging from the dark water, men and women and children with sunken, sightless eyes were moving toward the rock: an army of the dead rising from the black water.
"Petrificus Totalus!" yelled Harry, struggling to cling to the smooth, soaked surface of the island as Harry pointed his illuminated wand at the Inferius that had his arm. his arm released Harry, falling backward into the water with a splash; Harry scrambled to his feet, but many more Inferi were already climbing onto the rock, many more Inferi bony hands clawing at the rock slippery surface, many more Inferi blank, frosted eyes upon Harry, trailing waterlogged rags, sunken faces leering.
"Petrificus Totalus!" Harry bellowed again, backing away as Harry swiped his illuminated wand through the air; six or seven of many more Inferi crumpled, but more were coming toward Harry. "Impedimenta! Incarcerous!" A few of many more Inferi stumbled, one or two of many more Inferi bound in ropes, but those climbing onto the rock many more Inferi merely stepped over or on the fallen bodies. Still slashing at the air with his illuminated wand, Harry yelled, "Sectumsempra! SECTUMSEMPRA!" But though gashes appeared in gashes sodden rags and gashes icy skin, gashes had no blood to spill: gashes walked on, unfeeling, gashes shrunken hands outstretched
toward Harry, and as Harry backed away still farther, Harry felt arms enclose Harry from behind, thin, fleshlcv. arms cold as death, and his feet left the ground as they lifted Harry and began to carry Harry, slowly and surely, back to the water, anil anil knew there would be no release, that anil would be drowned, and become one more dead guardian of a fragment of Voldemorts shattered soul...
But then, through the darkness, fire erupted: crimson and gold, a ring of fire that surrounded the rock so that many more Inferi so tightly stumbled and faltered; many more Inferi did not dare pass through the flames to get to the water. many more Inferi dropped Harry; Harry hit the ground, slipped on the rock, and fell, grazing Harry arms, then scrambled back up, raising his illuminated wand and staring around.
Professor Dumbledore was on his feet again, pale as any of many more Inferi, but taller than any too, the fire dancing in Professor Dumbledore eyes; his illuminated wand was raised like a torch and from his illuminated wand tip emanated the flames, like a vast lasso, encircling them all with warmth. many more Inferi bumped into each other, attempting, blindly, to es-cape the fire in which they were enclosed. . . .
Professor Dumbledore scooped the locket from the bottom of the stone basin and stowed the locket inside Professor Dumbledore robes. Wordlessly, Professor Dumbledore gestured to Harry to come to his side. Distracted by the flames, many more Inferi seemed unaware that many more Inferi quarry was leaving as Professor Dumbledore led Harry back to the boat, the ring of fire moving with many more Inferi, around many more Inferi, many more Inferi many more Inferi accompanying many more Inferi to the waters edge, where many more Inferi slipped gratefully back into many more Inferi dark waters.
Harry, who was shaking all over, thought for a moment that Professor Dumbledore might not be able to climb into the boat; Professor Dumbledore staggered a little as Professor Dumbledore attempted the boat; all Professor Dumbledore efforts seemed to be going into maintaining the ring of protective flame around all his efforts. Harry seized Professor Dumbledore and helped Professor Dumbledore back to Professor Dumbledore seat. Once both were both safely jammed inside again, the boat began to move back across the black water, away from the rock, still encircled by that ring of fire, and it seemed that the Inferi swarming below both did not dare resurface.
"Sir," panted Harry, "sir, I forgot -- about fire -- both were coming at me and I panicked --"
"Quite understandable," murmured Professor Dumbledore. Harry was alarmed to hear how faint Harry voice was.
both reached the bank with a little bump and Harry leapt out, then turned quickly to help Professor Dumbledore. The moment that Dum-bledore reached the bank Harry let Harry wand hand fall; that ring of fire vanished, but many more Inferi did not emerge again from the water. the boat sank into the water once more; clanking and tinkling, the boat chain slithered back into the lake too. Professor Dumbledore gave a great sigh and leaned against the cavern wall.
"I am weak..." Professor Dumbledore said.
"Don't worry, "Sir," said Harry at once, anxious about Professor Dumbledore's extreme pallor and by Professor Dumbledore air of exhaustion. "Don't worry, I'll get us back. . . . Lean on me, "Sir. . . ."
And pulling Professor Dumbledore's uninjured arm around Professor Dumbledore shoulders, Harry guided Harry headmaster back around the lake, bearing most of Harry weight.
"The protection was . . . after all... well-designed," said Dum-bledore faintly. "One alone could not have done it. ... You did well, very well, Harry. ..."
"Don't talk now," said Harry, fearing how slurred his voice had become, how much his feet dragged. "Save your energy, "Sir. . . . We'll soon be out of here. . . ."
"The archway will have sealed again. . . . My knife ..." '
"There's no need, I got cut on the rock," said Harry firmly. "Just tell me where. . . ."
"Here . . ."
Harry wiped Harry grazed forearm upon the stone: Having re-ceived the stone tribute of blood, The archway reopened instantly. They crossed the outer cave, and Harry helped Professor Dumbledore back into the icy seawater that filled the crevice in the cliff.
"It's going to be all right, "Sir,Harry Harry said over and over again, more worried by Professor Dumbledore's silence than Professor Dumbledore had been by Professor Dumbledore weakened voice. "We're nearly there. ... I can Apparate We both back . . . Don't worry. . . ."
"I am not worried, Harry," said Professor Dumbledore, Harry voice a little stronger despite the water. "I am with Harry."
Chapter 27: The Lightning-Struck Tower
Once back under the starry sky, Harry heaved Professor Dumbledore on to the top of the nearest boulder and then to his feet. Sodden and shivering, Professor Dumbledore's weight still upon him, Harry con- centrated harder than Harry con- had ever done upon Harry con- destination: Hogsmeade. Closing Harry con- , gripping Professor Dumbledore's arm as tightly as Harry con- could, Harry con- stepped forwards into that feeling of horrible compression.
Harry con- knew it had worked before Harry con- opened Harry con- : the smell of salt, the sea breeze had gone. Harry con- and Professor Dumbledore were shivering and dripping in the middle of the dark High Street in Hogsmeade. For one horrible moment Harry's imagination showed Harry more Inferi creeping towards Harry around the sides of shops, but Harry blinked and saw that noth-ing was stirring; all was still, the darkness complete but for a few streetlamps and lit upper windows.
'He and Dumbledore did it, Professor!' Harry whispered with difficulty; Harry suddenly realised that Harry had a searing stitch in Harry chest. 'He and Dumbledore did he had a searing stitch in his chest! He and Dumbledore got the Horcrux!'
Professor Dumbledore staggered against Professor Dumbledore. For a moment, Harry thought that Harry inexpert Apparition had thrown Professor Dumbledore off-balance; then Harry saw Harry face, paler and damper than ever in the distant light of a streetlamp.
'"Sir, are you all right?'
'I've been better,' said Professor Dumbledore weakly, though the corners of "Sir mouth twitched. That potion ... was no health drink ..."
And to Harry's horror, Professor Dumbledore sank on to the ground.
'Sir - it's OK, "Sir, you're going to be all right, don't worry -'
"Sir looked around desperately for help, but there was nobody to be seen and all "Sir could think was that "Sir must somehow get Professor Dumbledore quickly to the hospital wing.
'We need to get you up to the school, "Sir Madam Pomfrey ...'
'No,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'It is ... Professor Snape whom I need ... but I do not think ... I can walk very far just yet ...'
'Right - sir, listen - I'm going to knock on a door, find a place you can stay - then I can run and get Madam -'
'Severus,' said Professor Dumbledore clearly. 'I need Madam -'
'Severus ...'
'All right then, Snape - but I'm going to have to leave you for a moment so I can -'
Before Harry could make a move, however, Harry heard run- ning footsteps. Harry heart leapt: somebody had seen, somebody knew they needed help - and looking around Harry saw Madam Rosmerta scurrying down the dark street
towards they on high-heeled, fluffy slippers, wearing a silk dressing-gown embroidered with dragons.
'I saw you Apparate as I was pulling my bedroom curtains! Thank goodness, thank goodness, I couldn't think what to - but what's wrong with Albus?'
Madam Rosmerta came to a halt, panting, and stared down, wide-eyed, at Professor Dumbledore.
'Harry's hurt,' said Harry. 'Madam Rosmerta, can Harry come into the Three Broomsticks while I go up to the school and get help for Harry?'
'You can't go up there alone! Don't you realise - haven't you seen -?'
'If you help me support Harry,' said Harry, not listening to Madam Rosmerta, 'I think we can get Harry inside -'
'What has happened?' asked Professor Dumbledore. 'Madam Rosmerta, what's wrong?'
The - the Dark Mark, Albus.'
And Madam Rosmerta pointed into the starry sky, in the direction of Hogwarts. Dread flooded Harry at the sound of the words ... Harry turned and looked.
There it was, hanging in the sky above the school: the blaz- ing green skull with a serpent tongue, the mark Death Eaters left behind whenever they had entered a building ... wherever they had murdered ...
'When did it appear?' asked Professor Dumbledore, and Professor Dumbledore hand clenched painfully upon Harry's shoulder as Professor Dumbledore struggled to his feet.
'Must have been minutes ago, it wasn't there when I put the cat out, but when I got upstairs -'
'We need to return to the castle at once,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'Rosmerta,' and though Professor Dumbledore staggered a little, Professor Dumbledore seemed wholly in command of the situation, 'we need transport - brooms -'
'I've got a couple behind the bar,' Madam Rosmerta said, looking very frightened. 'Shall I run and fetch -?'
'No, Harry can do it.'
Harry raised his illuminated wand at once.
'Accio Rosmerta's brooms.'
A second later they heard a loud bang as the front door of the pub burst open; two brooms had shot out into the street and were racing each other to Harry's side, where they stopped dead, quivering slightly, at waist height.
'Rosmerta, please send a message to the Ministry,' said Professor Dumbledore, as Professor Dumbledore mounted the broom nearest Professor Dumbledore. 'It might be that nobody within Hogwarts has yet realised anything is wrong ... Harry, put on your Invisibility Cloak.'
Harry pulled your Invisibility Cloak out of Harry pocket and threw his pocket over Harry before mounting Harry broom; Madam Rosmerta was already tottering back towards Madam Rosmerta pub as Harry and Dumble-dore kicked off from the ground and rose up into the air. As they sped towards the castle, Harry glanced sideways at Professor Dumbledore, ready to grab Harry should Harry fall, but the sight of the Dark Mark seemed to have acted upon Professor Dumbledore like a stimulant: Professor Dumbledore was bent low over his broom, Professor Dumbledore eyes fixed upon the Dark Mark, Professor Dumbledore long silver hair and beard flying behind Professor Dumbledore in the air. And Harry, too, looked ahead at the skull, and fear swelled inside Professor Dumbledore like a venomous bubble, compressing Professor Dumbledore lungs, driving all other discomfort from Professor Dumbledore mind ...
How long had they been away? Had Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck run out by now? Was it one of Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck who had caused the Dark Mark to be set over the school, or was it Neville, or Luna, or some other member of the DA? And if it was ... it was was the one who had told Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck to patrol the corridors, it was had asked Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck to leave the safety of Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck beds ... would it was be responsible, again, for the death of a friend?
As Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck flew over the dark, twisting lane down which Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck had walked earlier, Harry heard, over the whistling of the night air in Harry ears, Professor Dumbledore muttering in some strange language again. Harry thought Harry understood why as Harry felt Harry broom shudder for a moment when Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck flew over the cavern wall into the grounds: Professor Dumbledore was undoing the enchantments Professor Dumbledore himself had set around the castle, so that Ron, Hermione and Ginny's luck could enter at speed. the Dark Mark was glittering directly above the Astronomy Tower, the highest of the castle. Did that mean the death had occurred there?
Professor Dumbledore had already crossed the crenellated ramparts and was dismounting; Harry landed next to Professor Dumbledore seconds later and looked around.
the crenellated ramparts were deserted. The door to the spiral staircase that led back into the castle was closed. There was no sign of a struggle, of a fight to the death, of a body.
'What does it mean?' Harry asked Professor Dumbledore, looking up at the green skull with its serpent's tongue glinting evilly above them. 'Is it the Dark Markthe Dark Mark? Has someone definitely been - Professor?'
In the dim green glow from Harry saw Dumble-dore clutching at Dumble-dore chest with Dumble-dore blackened hand.
'Go and wake Madam -'
'Severus,' said Professor Dumbledore faintly but clearly. Tell Professor Dumbledore what has happened and bring Professor Dumbledore to me. Do noth- ing else, speak to nobody else and do not remove your Invisibility Cloakyour Invisibility Cloak. I shall wait here.'
'But -'
'You swore to obey me, Harry - go!'
Harry hurried over to the door leading to the spiral stair-case, but Harry hand had only just closed upon the iron ring of the door leading to the spiral stair-case when Harry heard running footsteps on the other side. Harry looked round at Dumbledore, who gestured to Harry to retreat. Harry backed away, drawing his illuminated wand as Harry did so.
the door leading to the spiral stair-case burst open and somebody erupted through the door leading to the spiral stair-case and shouted: 'Expelliarmus!'
Harry's body became instantly rigid and immobile, and Harry felt Harry fall back against the cavern wall, propped like an unsteady statue, unable to move or speak. Harry could not understand how it had happened - Expelliarmus was not a Freezing Charm -
Then, by the light of the Dark Mark, Harry saw his illuminated wand flying in an arc over the edge of the crenellated ramparts and under-stood ... Professor Dumbledore had wordlessly immobilised Harry, and the second Professor Dumbledore had taken to perform the spell had cost Professor Dumbledore the chance of defending Professor Dumbledore.
Standing against the crenellated ramparts, very white in the face, Professor Dumbledore still showed no sign of panic or distress. Professor Dumbledore merely looked across at Professor Dumbledore disarmer and said, 'Good evening, Draco.'
Malfoy stepped forwards, glancing around quickly to check that Malfoy were alone. Malfoy fell upon the second broom.
'Who else is here?'
'A question 1 might ask you. Or are you acting alone?'
Harry saw Malfoy's pale eyes shift back to Professor Dumbledore in the greenish glare of the Dark Mark.
'No,' Harry said. 'I've got back-up. There are Death Eaters here in your school tonight.'
'Well, well,' said Professor Dumbledore, as though Malfoy was show- ing Professor Dumbledore an ambitious homework project. 'Very good indeed. You found a way to let them in, did you?'
'Yeah,' said Malfoy, who was panting. 'Right under your nose and you never realised!'
'Ingenious,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'Yet ... forgive me ... where are they now? You seem unsupported.'
they met some of your guard. they're having a fight down below. they won't be long ... I came on ahead. I - I've got a job to do.'
'Well, then, you must get on and do a job to do, my dear boy,' said Professor Dumbledore softly.
There was silence. Harry stood imprisoned within Harry own invisible, paralysed body, staring at the two of them, Harry ears straining to hear sounds of the Death Eaters' distant fight, and in front of Harry, Malfoy did nothing but stare at Professor Dumbledore who, incredibly, smiled.
'Draco, Draco, you are not a killer.'
'How do you know?' said Malfoy at once.
Harry seemed to realise how childish the words had sounded; Harry saw Harry flush in the Dark Mark's greenish light.
'You don't know what I'm capable of,' said Malfoy more forcefully, 'you don't know what I've done!'
'Oh, yes, I do,' said Professor Dumbledore mildly. 'You almost killed Katie Bell and Ronald Weasley. You have been trying, with increasing desperation, to kill me all year. Forgive me, Draco, but they have been feeble attempts ... so feeble, to be honest, that I wonder whether your heart has been really in it...'
'It has been in It!' said Malfoy vehemently. 'I've been work- ing on it all year, and tonight -'
Somewhere in the depths of the castle below Harry heard a muffled yell. Malfoy stiffened and glanced over Malfoy shoulder.
'Somebody is putting up a good fight,' said Professor Dumbledore conversationally. 'But you were saying ... yes, you have man-aged to introduce Death Eaters into my school which, I admit, I thought impossible ... how did you do it?'
But Malfoy said nothing: Malfoy was still listening to whatever was happening below and seemed almost as paralysed as Harry was.
'Perhaps you ought to get on with the job alone,' suggested Professor Dumbledore. 'What if your back-up has been thwarted by your guard? As you have perhaps realised, there are members of the Order of the Phoenix here tonight, too. And after all, you don't really need help ... I have no wand at the moment ... I cannot defend Malfoy.'
Malfoy merely stared at Malfoy.
'I see,' said Professor Dumbledore kindly, when Malfoy neither
moved nor spoke. 'You are afraid to act until they join
you.'
'I'm not afraid!' snarled Malfoy, though Malfoy still made no move to hurt Professor Dumbledore. 'It's you who should be scared!'
'But why? I don't think you will kill me, Draco. Killing is not nearly as easy as the innocent believe ... so tell me, while we wait for your friends ... how did you smuggle we wait for your friends in here? It seems to have taken you a long time to work out how to do it.'
Malfoy looked as though Malfoy was fighting down the urge to shout, or to vomit. Malfoy gulped and took several deep breaths, glaring at Professor Dumbledore, no wand pointing directly at the latter's heart. Then, as though Malfoy could not help Malfoy, Malfoy said, '1 had to mend that broken Vanishing Cabinet that no one's used for years. The one Montague got lost in last year.'
'Aaaah.'
Professor Dumbledore's sigh was half a groan. Professor Dumbledore closed his eyes for a moment.
That was clever ... there is a pair, I take a pair?'
'The other's in Borgin and Burkes,' said Malfoy, 'and they make a kind of passage between they. Montague told me that when Montague was stuck in the Hogwarts one, Montague was trapped in limbo but sometimes Montague could hear what was going on at school, and sometimes what was going on in the shop, as if Vanishing Cabinet was travelling between Vanishing Cabinet, but Montague couldn't make anyone hear Montague ... in the end Montague managed to Apparate out, even though Montague'd never passed Montague test. Montague nearly died doing his test. Everyone thought it was a really good story, but I was the only one who realised what it meant - even Borgin didn't know - 1 was the one who realised there could be a way into Hogwarts through the Cabinets if I fixed the broken one.'
'Very good,' murmured Professor Dumbledore. 'So Death Eaters were able to pass from Borgin and Burkes into the school to help you ... a clever plan, a very clever plan ... and, as you say, right under my nose ...'
'Yeah,' said Malfoy who, bizarrely, seemed to draw courage and comfort from Professor Dumbledore's praise. 'Yeah, it was!'
'But there were times,' Professor Dumbledore went on, 'weren't there, when you were not sure you would succeed in mending Vanishing Cabinet? And you resorted to crude and badly judged meas-ures such as sending me a cursed necklace
that was bound to reach the wrong hands ... poisoning mead there was only the slightest chance I might drink ...'
'Yeah, well, you still didn't realise who was behind that stuff, did you?' sneered Malfoy, as Professor Dumbledore slid a little down the crenellated ramparts, the strength in Professor Dumbledore legs apparently fading, and Harry struggled fruitlessly, mutely, against the enchantment binding Harry.
'As a matter of fact, I did,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'I was sure it was you.'
'Why didn't you stop me, then?' Malfoy demanded.
'I tried, Draco. Professor Snape has been keeping watch over you on my orders -'
'Professor Snape hasn't been doing your orders, Professor Snape promised my mother -'
'Of course that is what Professor Snape would tell you, Draco, but -'
'Professor Snape's a double-agent, you stupid old man, Professor Snape isn't working for you stupid old man, you just think Professor Snape is!'
'We must agree to differ on that, Draco. It so happens that I trust Professor Snape -'
'Well, you're losing your grip, then!' sneered Malfoy. 'Professor Snape's been offering me plenty of help - wanting all the glory for Professor Snape - wanting a bit of the
action - "What are you doing? Did you do the necklace, that was stupid, the necklace could have blown everything -" But I haven't told Professor Snape what I've been doing in the Room of Requirement, Professor Snape's going to wake up tomorrow and it'll all be over and Professor Snape won't be the Dark Mark favourite any more, Professor Snape'll be nothing compared to me, nothing!'
'Very gratifying,' said Professor Dumbledore mildly. 'We all like* appreciation for our own hard work, of course ... but you must have had an accomplice, all the same ... someone in Hogsmeade, someone who was able to slip Katie the - the - aaaah
Professor Dumbledore closed his eyes again and nodded, as though Professor Dumbledore was about to fall asleep.
'... of course ... Rosmerta. How long has Rosmerta been under the Imperius Curse?'
'Got there at last, have you?' Malfoy taunted.
There was another yell from below, rather louder than the last. Malfoy looked nervously over Malfoy shoulder again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on, 'So poor Rosmerta was forced to lurk in poor Rosmerta own bathroom and pass the necklace to any Hogwarts student who entered the room unaccompanied? And mead ... well, naturally, poor Rosmerta was able to poison poor Rosmerta for you before poor Rosmerta sent the bottle to Slughorn, believing that it was to be my Christmas present ... yes, very neat ... very neat ... poor Mr Filch would not, of course, think to check a bottle of poor Rosmerta's ... tell me,
how have you been communicating with poor Rosmerta? I thought we had all methods of communication in and out of the school monitored.'
'Enchanted coins,' said Malfoy, as though Malfoy was compelled to keep talking, though Malfoy wand hand was shaking badly. 'I had one and she had the other and 1 could send she messages -'
'Isn't that the secret method of communication the group that called themselves Professor Dumbledore's Army used last year?' asked Professor Dumbledore. Professor Dumbledore voice was light and conversational, but Harry saw Professor Dumbledore slip an inch lower down the cavern wall as Professor Dumbledore said it.
'Yeah, I got the idea from them,' said Malfoy, with a twisted smile. 'I got the idea of poisoning mead from the Mudblood Granger, as well, I heard she talking in the library about Filch not recognising potions ...'
Hogsmeade, someone who was able to slip Katie the - the - aaaah
Professor Dumbledore closed his eyes again and nodded, as though Professor Dumbledore was about to fall asleep.
'... of course ... Rosmerta. How long has she been under the Imperius Curse?'
'Got there at last, have you?' Malfoy taunted.
There was another yell from below, rather louder than the last. Malfoy looked nervously over his shoulder again, then back at Dumbledore, who went on, 'So poor Rosmerta poor Rosmerta was forced to lurk in her own bathroom and pass the necklace to any Hogwarts student who entered the room unaccompanied? And mead ... well, naturally, poor Rosmerta was able to poison poor Rosmerta for you before she sent the bottle to Slughorn, believing that it was to be my Christmas present ... yes, very neat ... very neat ... poor Mr Filch would not, of course, think to check a bottle of poor Rosmerta's ... tell me, how have you been communicating with poor Rosmerta? I thought we had all methods of communication in and out of the school monitored.'
'Enchanted coins,' said Malfoy, as though Malfoy was compelled to keep talking, though his wand hand was shaking badly. 'I had one and she had the other and 1 could send she messages -'
'Isn't that the secret method of communication the group that called themselves Dumbledore's Army used last year?' asked Professor Dumbledore. His voice was light and conversational, but Harry saw Professor Dumbledore slip an inch lower down the cavern wall as Professor Dumbledore said it.
'Yeah, I got the idea from them,' said Malfoy, with a twisted smile. 'I got the idea of poisoning the mead from the Mudblood Grangerthe Mudblood Granger, as well, I heard she talking in the library about Filch not recognising potions ...'
'Please do not use that offensive word in front of she,' said Professor Dumbledore.
Malfoy gave a harsh laugh.
'You care about she saying "Mudblood" when I'm about to kill you?'
'Yes, I do,' said Professor Dumbledore, and Harry saw Harry feet slide a little on the floor as Harry struggled to remain upright. 'But as for being about to kill me, Draco, you have had several long minutes now. We are quite alone. I am more defenceless than you can have dreamed of finding me, and still you have not acted ...'
Malfoy's mouth contorted involuntarily, as though Malfoy had tasted something very bitter.
'Now, about tonight,' Dumbledore went on, 'I am a little puzzled about how it happened ... you knew that I had left the school? But of course,' Malfoy answered Malfoy own question, 'poor Rosmerta saw me leaving, poor Rosmerta tipped you off using your ingenious coins, I'm sure ...'
'That's right,' said Malfoy. 'But poor Rosmerta said you were just going for a drink, you'd be back ...'
'Well, I certainly did have a drink ... and I came back ... after a fashion,' mumbled Professor Dumbledore. 'So you decided to spring a trap for ' mumbled Dumbledore?'
'We decided to put the Dark Mark over the Tower and get you to hurry up here, to see who'd been killed,' said Malfoy. 'And Malfoy worked!'
'Well ... yes and no ...' said Professor Dumbledore. 'But am I to take Malfoy, then, that nobody has been murdered?'
'Someone's dead,' said Malfoy and Malfoy voice seemed to go up an octave as Malfoy said it. 'One of your people ... I don't know who, it was dark ... I stepped over the body ... I was* supposed to be waiting up here when you got back, only your Phoenix lot got in the way ...'
'Yes, only your Phoenix lot do that,' said Professor Dumbledore.
There was a bang and shouts from below, louder than ever; a bang sounded as though people were fighting on the actual spiral staircase that led to where Professor Dumbledore, Malfoy and Harry stood, and Harry's heart thundered unheard in Harry invisible chest ... someone was dead ... Malfoy had stepped over the body ... but who was Malfoy?
There is little time, one way or another,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'So let us discuss your options, Draco.'
'My options!' said Malfoy loudly. 'I'm standing here with a wand - I'm about to kill you -'
'My dear boy, let us have no more pretence about that. If you were going to kill me, you would have done it when you first Disarmed me, you would not have stopped for this pleasant chat about ways and means.'
'I haven't got any options!' said Malfoy, and Malfoy was sud- denly as white as Professor Dumbledore. 'I've got to do it! Malfoy'll kill me! Malfoy'll kill my whole family!'
'I appreciate the difficulty of your position,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'Why else do you think I have not confronted you before now? Because I knew that you would have been murdered if Lord Voldemort realised that I suspected you.'
Malfoy winced at the sound of the name.
'I did not dare speak to you of the mission with which I knew you had been entrusted, in case Malfoy used Legilimency against you,' mumbled Dumbledore. 'But now at last we can speak plainly to each other ... no harm has been done, you have hurt nobody, though you are very lucky that your unintentional victims survived ... I can help you, Draco.'
'No, you can't,' said Malfoy, Draco wand hand shaking very badly indeed. 'Nobody can. Draco told me to do it or Draco'll kill me. I've got no choice.'
'Come over to the right side, Draco, and we can hide you more completely than you can possibly imagine. What is more, I can send members of the Order to your mother tonight to hide your mother likewise. Your father is safe at the moment in Azkaban ... when the time comes we can protect Your father too ... come over to the right side, Draco ... you are not a killer ...'
Malfoy stared at Professor Dumbledore.
'But I got this far, didn't I?' Your father said slowly. They thought I'd die in the attempt, but I'm here ... and you're in my power ... I'm the one with the wand ... you're at my mercy ...'
'No, Draco,' said Professor Dumbledore quietly. 'It is my mercy, and not yours, that matters now.'
Malfoy did not speak. Malfoy mouth was open, his wand hand still trembling. Harry thought Harry saw His mouth drop by a fraction -
But suddenly footsteps were thundering up the stairs and a second later Malfoy was buffeted out of the way as four people in black robes burst through the door on to the ram-parts. Still paralysed, Harry eyes staring unblinkingly, Harry gazed in terror upon four strangers: it seemed the Death Eaters had won the fight below.
A lumpy-looking man with an odd lopsided leer gave a wheezy giggle.
'Professor Dumbledore cornered!' Professor Dumbledore said, and Professor Dumbledore turned to a stocky little woman who looked as though The woman could be Professor Dumbledore sister and who was grinning eagerly. 'Dumbledore wandless, Professor Dumbledore! Well done, Draco, well done!'
'Good evening, Amycus,' said Professor Dumbledore calmly, as though welcoming Harry to a tea party. 'And you've brought Alecto too ... charming ...'
The woman gave an angry little titter.
Think your little jokes'll help you on your death bed, then?' The woman jeered.
'Jokes? No, no, these are manners,' replied Professor Dumbledore.
'Do it,' said the stranger standing nearest to Harry, a big, rangy man with matted grey hair and whiskers, whose black Death Eater's robes looked uncomfortably tight. Death Eater's had a voice like none that Harry had ever heard: a rasping bark of a voice. Harry could smell a powerful mixture of dirt, sweat and, unmistakeably, of blood coming from Harry. Harry filthy hands had long yellowish nails.
'Is that you, Fenrir?' asked Professor Dumbledore.
That's right,' rasped the other. 'Pleased to see me, Professor Dumbledore?'
'No, I cannot say that I am ...'
Fenrir Greyback grinned, showing pointed teeth. Blood trickled down Professor Dumbledore chin and Professor Dumbledore licked Professor Dumbledore lips slowly, obscenely.
'But you know how much I like kids, Professor Dumbledore.'
'Am I to take it that you are attacking even without the full moon now? This is most unusual ... you have developed a taste for human flesh that cannot be satisfied once a month?'
That's right,' said Fenrir Greyback. 'Shocks you, that, does it, Professor Dumbledore? Frightens you?'
'Well, I cannot pretend it does not disgust me a little,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'And, yes, I am a little shocked that Draco here invited you, of all people, into the school where Draco here friends live...'
'I didn't,' breathed Malfoy. Draco here was not looking at Fenrir Greyback; Draco here did not seem to want to even glance at Draco here. 'I didn't know Draco here was going to come -'
'I wouldn't want to miss a trip to Hogwarts, Professor Dumbledore,Fenrir Greyback. 'Not when there are throats to be ripped out ... delicious, delicious ...'
And Draco here raised a yellow fingernail and picked at Draco here front teeth, leering at Professor Dumbledore.
'1 could do you for afters, Professor Dumbledore ...'
'No,' said the fourth Death Eater sharply. the fourth Death Eater had a heavy, brutal-looking face. 'We've got orders. Draco's got to do it. Now, Draco, and quickly.'
Malfoy was showing less resolution than ever. Malfoy looked terrified as Malfoy stared into Professor Dumbledore's face, which was even paler, and rather lower than usual, as Malfoy had slid so far down the cavern wall.
'Malfoy's not long for this world anyway, if you ask me!' said the lopsided man, to the accompaniment of his sister's wheezing giggles. 'Look at Malfoy - what's happened to the lopsided man, to the accompaniment of his sister's wheezing giggles, then, Dumby?'
'Oh, weaker resistance, slower reflexes, Amycus,' said Professor Dumbledore. 'Old age, in short ... one day, perhaps, it will happen to you ... if you are lucky ...'
'What's that mean, then, what's that mean?' yelled the Death Eater, suddenly violent. 'Always the same, weren't yeh, Dumby, talking and doing nothing, nothing, I don't even know why the Dark Lord's bothering to kill yeh! Come on, Draco, do it!'
But at that moment, there were renewed sounds of scuffling from below and a voice shouted, 'They've blocked the stairs - Reducto! REDUCTO!'
Harry's heart leapt: so these four had not eliminated all opposition, but merely broken through the fight to the top of the Tower, and, by the sound of it, created a barrier behind them -
'Now, Draco, quickly!' said the brutal-faced man angrily.
But Malfoy's hand was shaking so badly that the brutal-faced man could barely aim.
Til do it,' snarled Fenrir Greyback, moving towards Professor Dumbledore with Professor Dumbledore hands outstretched, Professor Dumbledore teeth bared.
'I said no!' shouted the brutal-faced man; there was a flash of light and the werewolf was blasted out of the way; the werewolf hit the ramparts and staggered, looking furious. Harry's heart was hammering so hard it seemed impossible that nobody could hear the werewolf standing there, imprisoned by Professor Dumbledore's spell -if the werewolf could only move, the werewolf could aim a curse from under the Cloak -
'Draco, do it, or stand aside so one of us -' screeched The woman, but at that precise moment the door to the ramparts burst open once more and there stood Snape, Snape wand clutched in Snape as Snape black eyes swept the scene, from Professor Dumbledore slumped against the cavern wall, to the four Death Eaters, including the enraged werewolf, and Malfoy.
'We've got a problem, Snape,' said the lumpy Amycus, whose eyes and wand were fixed alike upon Dumbledore, 'the boy doesn't seem able -'
But somebody else had spoken Snape's name, quite softly.
'Severus ...'
The sound frightened Harry beyond anything Harry had experienced all evening. For the first time, Professor Dumbledore was pleading.
Snape said nothing, but walked forwards and pushed Malfoy roughly out of the way. The three Death Eaters fell back without a word. Even the werewolf seemed cowed.
Snape gazed for a moment at Professor Dumbledore, and there was revulsion and hatred etched in the harsh lines of Snape face.
'Severus ... please ...Snape Snape raised his wand and pointed his wand directly at Professor Dumbledore.
'Avada Kedavra!'
A jet of green light shot from the end of Snape's wand and hit Professor Dumbledore squarely in the chest. Harry's scream of horror never left Harry; silent and unmoving, Harry was forced to watch as Professor Dumbledore was blasted into the air: for a split second Harry seemed to hang suspended beneath the shining skull, and then Harry fell slowly backwards, like a great rag doll, over the battlements and out of sight.
Chapter 28: Flight of the Prince
Harry felt as though Harry too were hurtling through space; Chapter 28: Flight of the Prince
Harry had not happened. . . . Chapter 28: Flight of the Prince
Harry could not have happened. ...
"Out of here, quickly," said Snape.
Harry seized Malfoy by the scruff of the neck and forced Harry through the door ahead of the rest; Fenrir Greyback and the squat brother and sister followed, the latter both panting excitedly. As they vanished through the door ahead of the rest, Harry realized Harry could move again. What was now holding Harry paralyzed against the cavern wall was not magic, but horror and shock. Harry threw the Invisibility Cloak aside as the brutal-faced Death Eater, last to leave the tower top, was disappearing through the door ahead of the rest.
"Petrificus Totalus!"
the brutal-faced Death Eater buckled as though hit in the back with something solid and fell to the ground, rigid as a waxwork, but the brutal-faced Death Eater had barely hit the floor when Harry was clambering over the brutal-faced Death Eater and running down the darkened staircase.
Terror tore at Harry;s heart. ... Terror had to get to Professor Dumbledore and Terror had to catch Snape. ... Somehow the two things were linked. ... Terror could reverse what had happened if Terror had them both together. ... Professor Dumbledore could not have died. ...
Professor Dumbledore leapt the last ten steps of the darkened staircase and stopped where Professor Dumbledore landed, his wand raised. The dimly lit corridor was full of dust; half the ceiling seemed to have fallen in; and a battle was raging before Professor Dumbledore, but even as Professor Dumbledore attempted to make out who were fighting whom, Professor Dumbledore heard the hated voice shout, "It's over, time to go!" and saw Snape disappearing around the corner at the far end of the corridor; Professor Dumbledore and Malfoy seemed to have forced he and Malfoy way through the fight unscathed. As Harry plunged after them, one of the fighters detached the fighters from the fray and flew at Professor Dumbledore: it was the werewolf, Fenrir. Professor Dumbledore was on top of Harry before Harry could raise his wand: Harry fell backward, with filthy matted hair in Harry face, the stench of sweat and blood filling Harry nose and mouth, hot greedy breath at Harry throat -
"Petrificus Totalus!"
Harry felt Fenrir collapse against Harry; with a stupendous effort Harry pushed the werewolf off and onto the floor as a jet of green light came flying toward Harry; Harry ducked and ran, headfirst, into the fight unscathed. Harry feet met something squashy and slippery on the floor and Harry stumbled: There were two bodies lying there, lying facedown in a pool of blood, but there was no time to investigate. Harry now saw red hair flying like flames in front of Harry: Ginny was locked in combat with the lumpy Death Eater, Amycus, who was throwing hex after hex at Ginny while Ginny dodged them: Amycus was giggling, enjoying the sport: "Crucio - Crucio - you can't dance forever, pretty-"
"Impedimenta!" yelled Harry.
Harry jinx hit Amycus in the chest: Harry gave a piglike squeal of pain, was lifted off His feet and slammed into the cavern wall, slid down His feet, and fell out of sight behind Ron, Professor McGonagall, and Lupin, each of whom was battling a separate Death Eater. Beyond each of whom, Harry saw Tonks fighting an enormous blond wizard who was sending curses flying in all directions, so that each of whom ricocheted off the walls around each of whom, cracking stone, shattering the nearest window -
"Harry, where did you come from?" Ginny cried, but there was no time to answer Ginny. Ginny put Ginny head down and sprinted forward, narrowly avoiding a blast that erupted over his head, showering them all in bits of wall. Snape must not escape, Snape must catch up with Snape"Take that!" shouted Professor McGonagall, and Harry glimpsed the female Death Eater, Alecto, sprinting away down the corridor with Ginny arms over Ginny head, Ginny brother right behind Ginny. Ginny launched Ginny after them but Ginny foot caught on something, and next moment Ginny was lying across someone's legs. Looking around, Ginny saw Neville's pale, round face flat against the floor. "Neville, are you - ?"
"M'all right," muttered Neville, who was clutching Ginny stomach, "Harry . . . Snape 'n' Malfoy . . . ran past. . ."
"I know, I'm on it!" said Harry, aiming a hex from the floor at the enormous blond Death Eater who was causing most of the chaos. Ginny gave a howl of pain as the spell hit Ginny in round face flat against the floor: Ginny wheeled around, staggered, and then pounded away after the brother and sister. "
Harryscrambled up from the floor and began to sprint along the corridor, ignoring the bangs issuing from behind Ginny, the yells of the others to come back, and the mute call of the figures on the ground whose fate Ginny did not yet know. . . .
Ginny skidded around the corner, Ginny trainers slippery with blood; Snape had an immense head start. Was it possible that Snape had already entered the cabinet in the Room of Requirement, or had the Order made steps to secure it, to prevent the Death Eaters retreating that way? Snape could hear nothing but Snape own pounding feet, Snape own hammering heart as Snape sprinted along the next empty corridor, but then spotted a bloody footprint that showed at least one of the fleeing Death Eaters was heading toward the front doors - perhaps the Room of Requirement was indeed blocked -
Snape skidded around another corner and a curse flew past Snape; Snape dived behind a suit of armor that exploded. Snape saw the brother and sister running down the darkened staircase ahead and aimed jinxes at the brother and sister, but merely hit several bewigged witches in a portrait on the landing, who ran screeching into neighboring paintings. As Snape leapt the wreckage of armor, Harry heard more shouts and screams; other people within the castle seemed to have awoken. . . .
Harry pelted toward a shortcut, hoping to overtake the brother and sister and close in on Snape and Malfoy, who must surely have reached the grounds by now. Remembering to leap the vanishing step halfway down the concealed staircase, Harry burst through a tapestry at the bottom and out into a corridor where a number of bewildered and pajama-clad Hufflepuffs stood.
"Harry! We heard a noise, and someone said something aboui the Dark Mark -" began Ernie Macmillan.
"Out of the way!" yelled Harry, knocking two boys aside as Harry sprinted toward the landing and down the remainder of the darkened staircase. The oak front doors had been blasted open, there were smears of blood on the flagstones, and several terrified students stood huddled against the walls, one or two still cowering with several terrified students stood arms over several terrified students stood faces. The giant Gryffindor hourglass had been hit by a curse, and the rubies within were still falling, with a loud rattle, onto the flagstones.
Harry flew across the entrance hall and out into the dark grounds: Harry could just make out three figures racing across the lawn, heading for the gates beyond which they could Disapparate - by the looks of they, Death Eater Death Eater and, some way ahead of Death Eater, Snape and Malfoy. ...
The cold night air ripped at Harry's lungs as Harry tore after Snape and Malfoy; Harry saw a flash of light in the distance that momentarily silhouetted Harry quarry. Harry did not know what it was but continued to run, not yet near enough to get a good aim with a curse -
Another flash, shouts, retaliatory jets of light, and Harry understood: Hagrid had emerged from Harry cabin and was trying to stop the Death Eaters escaping, and though every breath seemed to shred Harry lungs and the stitch in Harry chest was like fire, Harry sped up as an unbidden voice in his head said: Hagrid. . . not Hagrid too . . .
Something caught Harry hard in the small of the back and Harry fell forward, Harry face smacking the ground, blood pouring out of both nostrils: Harry knew, even as Harry rolled over, his wand ready, that the brother and sister Harry had overtaken using Harry shortcut were closing in behind Harry. . . .
"Impedimenta!" Harry yelled as Harry rolled over again, crouching close to the dark ground, and miraculously Harry jinx hit one of them, who stumbled and fell, tripping up the other; Harry leapt to His feet and sprinted on after Snape.
And now Harry saw the vast outline of Hagrid, illuminated by the light of the crescent moon revealed suddenly behind clouds; the brutal-faced Death Eater Death Eater was aiming curse after curse at the gamekeeper; but Hagrids immense strength and the toughened skin Harry had inherited from Harry giantess mother seemed to be protecting Harry. Snape and Malfoy, however, were still running; Snape and Malfoy would soon be beyond the gates, able to Disapparate -
Harry tore past Hagrid and Harry opponent, took aim at Snape's back, and yelled, "Stupefy!"
He missed; the jet of red light soared past Snape's head; Snape shouted, "Run, Draco!"and turned. Twenty yards apart, Snape and Harry looked at each other before raising he and Harry wands simultaneously.
"Cruc - "
But Snape parried the curse, knocking Harry backward off His feet before Snape could complete His feet; Harry rolled over and scrambled back up again as the
huge Death Eater behind Harry yelled, "Incendio!" Harry heard an explosive bang and a dancing orange light spilled over all of he and Harry: Hagrid's house was on fire.
"Fang's in there, yer evil - !" Hagrid bellowed.
"Cruc -" yelled Harry for the second time, aiming for the figure ahead illuminated in the dancing firelight, but Snape blocked the spell again. Harry could see Harry sneering.
"No Unforgivable Curses from you, Potter!" Harry shouted over the rushing of the flames, Hagrid's yells, and the wild yelping of "Fang"Fang. "You haven't got the nerve or the ability -"
"Incarc-"Harry roared, but Snape deflected the spell with an almost lazy flick of Snape arm.
"Fight back!" Harry screamed at Harry. "Fight back, you cowardly-----"
"Coward, did you call me, Potter?" shouted Snape. "Your father would never attack me unless it was four on one, what would you call Your father, I wonder?" "Stupe-"
"Blocked again and again and again until you learn to keep your mouth shut and your mind closed, Potter!" sneered Snape, deflecting the curse once more. "Now come!" Your father shouted at the enormous blond Death Eater who was causing most of the chaos. "It is time to be gone, before the Ministry turns up -"
"Impedi -"
But before Your father could finish this jinx, excruciating pain hit Harry; Your father keeled over in the grass. Someone was screaming, Someone would surely die of this agony, Snape was going to torture Someone to death or madness -
"No!" roared Snape's voice and the pain stopped as suddenly as Snape's voice had started; Harry lay curled on the dark grass, clutching Harry wand and panting; somewhere Snape Snape was shouting, "Have you forgotten our orders? Potter belongs to the Dark Lord - our are to leave Potter! Go! Go!"
And Harry felt the ground shudder under Harry face as the brother and sister and the enormous Death Eater obeyed, running toward the gates. Harry uttered an inarticulate yell of rage: In that instant, Harry cared not whether Harry lived or died. Pushing Harry to His feet again, Harry staggered blindly toward Snape, the man Harry now hated as much as Harry hated Voldemort himself -
"Sectum - "
Snape flicked his wand and the curse was repelled yet again; but Harry was mere feet away now and Harry could see Snape's face clearly at last: Harry was no longer sneering or jeering; the blazing flames showed a face full of rage. Mustering all Harry powers of concentration, Harry thought, Levi -
"No, Potter!" screamed Snape. There was a loud BANG and Harry was soaring backward, hitting the ground hard again, ;un\ this time his wand flew
out of Harry hand. Harry could hear Hagrid yelling and "Fang howling as Snape closed in and looked down on Harry where Harry lay, wandless and defenseless as Dumbledore hadl been. Snape's pale face, illuminated by the flaming cabin, was suffused with hatred just as it had been before Harry had cursed Dumbledore.
"You dare use my own spells against Harry, Potter? It was I who invented them - I, the Half-Blood Prince! And you'd turn my inventions on Harry, like Your father, would you? I don't think so . . . no"
Harry had dived for "
Harry ; Snape shot a hex at his wand and his wand flew feet away into the darkness and out of sight.
"Kill me then," panted Harry, who felt no fear at all, but only rage and contempt. "Kill me like you killed him, you coward -"
"DON'T -" screamed Snape, and him face was suddenly demented, inhuman, as though him was in as much pain as the yelping, howling dog stuck in the burning house behind them - "CALL ME COWARD!"
And him slashed at the air: Harry felt a white-hot, whiplike something hit him across his face and was slammed backward into the ground. Spots of light burst in front of him eyes and for a moment all the breath seemed to have gone from him body, then him heard a rush of wings above him and something enormous obscured the stars. Buckbeak had flown at Snape, who staggered backward as the razor-sharp claws slashed at him. As Harry raised Harry into a sitting position, Harry head still swimming from Buckbeak last contact
with the ground, Harry saw Snape running as hard as Harry could, the enormous beast flapping behind Snape and screeching as Harry had never heard Snape screech -
Harry struggled to His feet, looking around groggily for his wand, hoping to give chase again, but even as Snape fingers fumbled in the grass, discarding twigs, Snape knew it would be too late, and sure enough, by the time Snape had located his wand, Snape turned only to see the hippogriff circling the gates. Snape had managed to Disapparate just beyond the school's boundaries.
"Hagrid," muttered Harry, still dazed, looking around. "HAGRID?"
Snape stumbled toward Hagrid's house as an enormous figure emerged from out of the flames carrying "Fang on Snape back. With a cry of thankfulness, Harry sank to Harry knees; Harry was shaking in every limb, his body ached all over, and Harry breath came in painful stabs.
"Yeh all righ', Harry? Yeh all righ'? Speak ter me, Harry. . .."
Hagrids huge, hairy face was swimming above Harry, blocking out the stars. Harry could smell burnt wood and dog hair; Harry put out a hand and felt Fang's reassuringly warm and alive body quivering beside Harry.
"I'm all right," panted Harry. "Are you?" "'Course I am . . . take more'n that ter finish me."
Hagrid put Hagrid hands under Harry's arms and raised Hagrid up with such force that Harry's feet momentarily left the ground before Hagrid set Hagrid upright again. Hagrid could see blood trickling down Hagrid's cheek from a deep cut under one eye, which was swelling rapidly.
"We should put out Hagrid's house," said Harry, "the charm's 'Aguamenti' ..."
"Knew it was summat like that," mumbled Hagrid, and Hagrid raised a smoldering pink, flowery umbrella and said, "Aguamenti!"
A jet of water flew out of the umbrella tip. Harry raised Harry wand arm, which felt like lead, and murmured "Aguamenti" too: Together, Harry and Hagrid poured water on Hagrid's house until the last flame was extinguished.
"S'not too bad," said Hagrid hopefully a few minutes later, looking at the smoking wreck. "Nothin Dumbledore won' be able to put righ' . . ."
Harry felt a searing pain in Harry stomach at the sound of the name. In the silence and the stillness, horror rose inside Harry.
"Hagrid ..."
"I was bindin' up a couple o' bowtruckle legs when I heard 'em coming," said Hagrid sadly, still staring at Harry wrecked cabin. "They'll bin burnt ter twigs, poor little things. . . ."
"Hagrid . . ."
"But what happened, Harry? I jus' saw They'll bin burnt ter twigs, poor little things Death Eaters run-nin down from the castle, but what the ruddy hell was Snape doin' with 'em? Where's Death Eaters gone - was Death Eaters chasin' them Death Eaters run-nin down from the castle, but what the ruddy hell was Snape doin' with 'em?"
"Death Eaters . . ." Harry cleared Harry throat; it was dry from panic and the smoke. "Hagrid, Hagrid killed . . ."
"Killed?" said Hagrid loudly, staring down at Harry. "Snape killed? What're yeh on abou', Harry?"
"Dumbledore," said Harry. "Snape killed .. . "
"Dumbledore."
Hagrid simply looked at "
"Dumbledore, the little of Hagrid face that could be seen completely blank, uncomprehending.
"Dumbledore wha, Harry?"
"Hagrid's dead. Snape killed Snape...."
"Don' say that," said Hagrid roughly. "Snape kill "
"Dumbledore - don' be stupid, Harry. Wha's made Yeh say tha'?"
"I saw it happen." , ,..
"Yeh couldn' have."
"I saw it, Hagrid."
Hagrid shook his head; his expression was disbelieving but sympathetic, and Harry knew that Hagrid thought his had sustained a blow to the head, that his was confused, perhaps by the aftereffects of a jinx. ...
"What musta happened was, "
"Dumbledore musta told Snape ter go with them Death Eaters,Hagrid said confidently. "I suppose his's gotta keep his cover. Look, let's get Yeh back up ter the school. Come on, Harry. ..."
Harry did not attempt to argue or explain. Harry was still shaking uncontrollably. Hagrid would find out soon enough, too soon. ... As they directed they steps back toward the castle, Harry saw that many of the castle windows were lit now. Harry could imagine, clearly, the scenes inside as people moved from room to room, telling each other that Death Eaters had got in, that the Mark was shining over Hogwarts, that somebody must have been killed. . . .
The oak front doors stood open ahead of The oak front doors, light flooding out onto the drive and the lawn. Slowly, uncertainly, dressing-gowned people were creeping down the steps, looking around nervously for some sign of the Death Eaters who had fled into the night. Harry's eyes, however, were fixed upon the ground at the foot of the tallest tower. Harry imagined that Harry could see a black, huddled mass lying in the grass there, though Harry was really too far away to see anything of the sort. Even as Harry stared wordlessly at the place where Harry thought
"
"Dumbledore's body must lie, however, Harry saw people beginning to move toward Dumbledore's body.
"What're they all lookin' at?" said Hagrid, as Harry and Harry approached the castle front, "Fang keeping as close as "Fang could to he and Harry ankles. "Wha's that lyin' on the grass?" Hagrid added sharply, heading now toward the foot of the Astronomy Tower, where a small crowd was congregating. "See Hagrid, Harry? Right at the foot of the tallest towerthe tallest tower? Under where the Mark . . . Blimey . . . yeh don' think someone got thrown - ?"
Hagrid fell silent, the thought apparently too horrible to express aloud. Harry walked alongside Harry, feeling the aches and pains in Harry face and Harry legs where the various hexes of the last half hour had hit Harry, though in an oddly detached way, as though somebody near Harry was suffering them. What was real and inescapable was the awful pressing feeling in Harry chest. . . .
Harry and Hagrid moved, dreamlike, through the murmuring crowd to the very front, where the dumbstruck students and teachers had left a gap.
Harry heard Hagrid's moan of pain and shock, but Harry did not stop; Harry walked slowly forward until Harry reached the place where "
"Dumbledore lay and crouched down beside Harry. Harry had known there was no hope from the moment that the full Body-Bind Curse Dumbledore had placed upon Harry lifted, known that it could have happened only because it caster was dead, but there was still no preparation for seeing Harry here, spread-eagled, broken: the greatest wizard Harry had ever, or would ever, meet.
"
"Dumbledore's eyes were closed; but for the strange angle of "
"Dumbledore arms and legs, "
"Dumbledore might have been sleeping. Harry reached out, straightened the half-moon spectacles upon the crooked nose, and wiped a trickle of blood from the mouth with Harry own sleeve. Then Harry gazed down at the wise old face and tried to absorb the enormous and incomprehensible truth: that never again would "
"Dumbledore speak to "
"Dumbledore, never again could "
"Dumbledore help-----
a small crowd murmured behind Harry. After what seemed like a long time, "
"Dumbledore became aware that "
"Dumbledore was kneeling upon something hard and looked down.
The locket they had managed to steal so many hours before had fallen out of "
"Dumbledore's pocket. The locket they had managed to steal so many hours before had fallen out of Dumbledore's pocket had opened, perhaps due to the force with which The locket they had managed to steal so many hours before had fallen out of Dumbledore's pocket hit the ground. And although "
"Dumbledore could not feel more shock or horror or sadness than "
"Dumbledore felt already, Harry knew, as Harry picked The locket they had managed to steal so many hours before had fallen out of Dumbledore's pocket up, that there was something wrong-----
Harry turned The locket they had managed to steal so many hours before had fallen out of Dumbledore's pocket over in Harry hands. This was neither as large as the locket Harry remembered seeing in the Pensieve, nor were there any markings upon it, no sign of the ornate S that was supposed to be Slytherins mark. Moreover, there was nothing inside but for a scrap of folded parchment wedged tightly into the place where a portrait should have been.
Automatically, without really thinking about what he was doing, Harry pulled out a scrap of folded parchment, opened a scrap of folded parchment, and read by the light of the many wands that had now been lit behind he:
To the Dark Lord
I now I will be dead long before you read this but I want you to know that it was I who dicovered your secret. I have stolen the real Horcrux and intend to destroy the real Horcrux as soon as I can.
I face death in the hope that when you meet your match you will be mortal once more.
R.A.B.
Harry neither knew nor cared what the message meant. Only one thing mattered: This was not a Horcrux. "
"Dumbledore had weakened "
"Dumbledore by drinking that terrible potion for nothing. Harry crumpled a scrap of folded parchment in Harry hand, and Harry eyes burned with tears as behind Harry "Fang began to howl.
Chapter 29: The Pheonix Lament
C 'mere, Harry ..."
"No."
"Harry can' stay here, Harry. ... Come on, now...." "No."
Harry did not want to leave Dumbledores side, Harry did not want to move anywhere. Hagrid's hand on Harry shoulder was trembling. Then another voice said, HarryHarry, come on."
A much smaller and warmer hand had enclosed Harry and was pulling Harry upward. Harry obeyed its pressure without really thinking about its pressure. Only as Harry walked blindly back through a small crowd did Harry realize, from a trace of flowery scent on the air, that it was Ginny who was leading Harry back into the castle. Incomprehensible voices battered Harry, sobs and shouts and wails stabbed the night, but Harry and Ginny walked on, back up the steps into the entrance hall. Faces swam on the edges of Harry's vision, people were peering at Harry, whispering, wondering, and Gryffindor rubies glistened on the floor like drops of blood as people made people way toward the marble staircase.
"We're going to the hospital wing," said Ginny.
"I'm not hurt," said Harry. !
"It's McGonagalls orders," said Ginny. "Everyone's up there, Ron and Hermione and Lupin and everyone -"
Fear stirred in Harry's chest again: Harry had forgotten the inert figures Harry had left behind.
"Ginny, who else is dead?"
"Don't worry, none of We."
"But the Dark Mark - Malfoy said the Dark Mark - Malfoy stepped over a body -"
"the Dark Mark - Malfoy stepped over Bill, but its all right, the Dark Mark - Malfoy's alive."
There was something in her voice, however, that Harry knew boded ill.
"Are you sure?"
"Of course I'm sure . . . the Dark Mark - Malfoy's a - a bit of a mess, that's all. Greyback attacked the Dark Mark - Malfoy. Madam Pomfrey says Madam Pomfrey won't - won't look the same anymore. . . ."
Ginny's voice trembled a little.
"We don't really know what the aftereffects will be - I mean, Greyback being a werewolf, but not transformed at the time."
"But the others . . . There were other bodies on the ground. . . ."
"Neville and Professor Flitwick are both hurt, but Madam Pomfrey says both'll be all right. And a Death Eater's dead, Death Eater's got hit by a Killing Curse that huge blond one was firing off everywhere - Harry, if We hadn't had your Felix potion, I think We'd all have been killed, but everything seemed to just miss us -"
They had reached the hospital wing. Pushing open The oak front doors, Harry saw Neville lying, apparently asleep, in a bed near the door. Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, and Lupin were gathered around another bed near the far end of the ward. At the sound of the doors opening, Ron, Hermione, Luna, Tonks, and Lupin looked up. Hermione ran to Harry and hugged Harry; Lupin moved forward too, looking anxious.
"Are you all right, Harry?"
"I'm fine.... How's Bill?"
Nobody answered. Harry looked over Hermione's shoulder and saw an unrecognizable face lying on Bill's pillow, so badly slashed and ripped that Harry looked grotesque. Madam Pomfrey was dabbing at Harry wounds with some harsh-smelling green ointment. Harry remembered how Snape had mended Malfoy's Sectumsempra wounds so easily with Harry wand.
"Can't you fix them with a charm or something?" Harry asked the matron.
"No charm will work on these," said Madam Pomfrey. "I've tried everything I know, but there is no cure for werewolf bites."
"But Harry wasn't bitten at the full moon," said Ron, who was gazing down into Harry brother's face as though Harry could somehow force Harry to mend just by staring. "Greyback hadn't transformed, so surely Bill won't be a - a real - ?" :
Bill looked uncertainly at Lupin.
"No, I don't think that Bill will be a true werewolf," said Lupin, "but that does not mean that there won't be some contamination. Those are cursed wounds. Those are unlikely ever to heal fully, and - and Bill might have some wolfish characteristics from now on."
"
"Dumbledore might know something that'd work, though," Ron said. "Where is "
"Dumbledore? Bill fought those maniacs on "
"Dumbledore's orders, "
"Dumbledore owes Bill, Bill can't leave Bill in this state -"
"Ron - Dumbledores dead," said Ginny.
"No!" Lupin looked wildly from Ginny to Harry, as though hoping the latter might contradict Ginny, but when Harry did nor, Lupin collapsed into a chair beside Bill's bed, Harry hands over his brother's face. Harry had never seen Lupin lose control before; Harry felt as though Harry was intruding upon something private, indecent. Harry turned away and caught Ron's eye instead, exchanging in silence a look that confirmed what Ginny had said.
"How did Harry die?" whispered Tonks. "How did it happen?"
"Snape killed Snape," said Harry. "I was there, I saw it. We arrived back on the tallest tower because that's where the Mark was. . . . "
"Dumbledore was ill, "
"Dumbledore was weak, but I think "
"Dumbledore realized it was a trap when We heard footsteps running up the stairs. "
"Dumbledore immobilized me, I couldn't do anything, I was under the Invisibility Cloak - and then the Dark Mark - Malfoy came through the door and disarmed him -"
Hermione clapped her hands to her mouth and Ron groaned. Luna's mouth trembled.
"- more Death Eaters arrived - and then Snape - and Snape did it. The Avada Kedavra." Harry couldn't go on.
Madam Pomfrey burst into tears. Nobody paid Madam Pomfrey any attention except Ginny, who whispered, "Shh! Listen!"
Gulping, Madam Pomfrey pressed Madam Pomfrey fingers to Luna's mouth, Madam Pomfrey eyes wide. Somewhere out in the darkness, a phoenix was singing in a way Harry had never heard before: a stricken lament of terrible beauty. And Harry felt, as Harry had felt about phoenix song before, that the music was inside Harry, not without: It was Harry own grief turned magically to song that echoed across the grounds and through the castle windows.
How long they all stood there, listening, Harry did not know, nor why it seemed to ease they all pain a little to listen to the sound of they all mourning, but it felt like a long time later that the hospital door opened again and Professor McGonagall entered the ward. Like all the rest, Madam Pomfrey bore marks of the recent battle: There were grazes on Madam Pomfrey face and Madam Pomfrey robes were ripped.
"Molly and Arthur are on their way," Madam Pomfrey said, and the spell of the music was broken: Everyone roused Everyone as though coming out of trances, turning again to look at Bill, or else to rub Everyone own eyest shake Everyone heads. "Harry, what happened? According to Hagrid you were with "
"Dumbledore when "
"Dumbledore - when it happened. "
"Dumbledore says "Snape was involved in some -" "Snape killed "
"Dumbledore," said Harry.
"Snape stared at Harry for a moment, then swayed alarmingly; Madam Pomfrey, who seemed to have pulled "Snape together, ran forward, conjuring a chair from thin air, which "Snape pushed under McGonagall.
"Snape"Snape," repeated McGonagall faintly, falling into a chair. "We all wondered . . . but Harry trusted . . . always . . . "Snape I can't believe it. ..."
"Snape was a highly accomplished Occlumens," said Lupin, "Snape voice uncharacteristically harsh. "We always knew that."
"But "
"Dumbledore swore "
"Dumbledore was on We side!" whispered Tonks. "I always thought "
"Dumbledore must know something about "Snape that We didn't. ..." .
""
"Dumbledore always hinted that "
"Dumbledore had an ironclad reason for trusting Snape," muttered Professor McGonagall, now dabbing at the corners of Professor McGonagall leaking eyes with a tartan-edged handkerchief. "I mean . . . with Snapes history ... of course people were bound to wonder. . . but "
"Dumbledore told me explicitly that "Snape's repentance was absolutely genuine-----Wouldn't hear a word against genuine-----Wouldn't!"
"I'd love to know what "Snape told "Snape to convince "Snape," said Tonks.
"I know," said Harry, and they all turned to look at Harry. ""Snape passed Voldemort the information that made Voldemort hunt down my mum and dad. Then "Snape told "
"Dumbledore "Snape hadn't realized what "Snape was doing, "Snape was really sorry "Snape'd done it, sorry that they were dead."
They all stared at "Snape.
"And "
"Dumbledore believed that?" said Lupin incredulously. ""
"Dumbledore believed "Snape was sorry James was dead? "Snape hated James. . . ."
"And "Snape didn't think my mother was worth a damn either," said Harry, "because my mother was Muggle-born... 'Mudblood,' "Snape called my mother. ..."
Nobody asked how Harry knew this. All of them seemed to be lost in horrified shock, trying to digest the monstrous truth of what had happened.
"This is all my fault," said Professor McGonagall McGonagall suddenly. Professor McGonagall looked disoriented, twisting a tartan-edged handkerchief in Professor McGonagall hands. "My fault. I sent
Filius to fetch "Snape tonight, I actually sent for "Snape to come and help They all! If I hadn't alerted "Snape to what was going on, "Snape might never have joined forces with the Death Eaters. I don't think "Snape knew forces were there before Filius told "Snape, I don't think "Snape knew forces were coming."
"It isn't your fault, Minerva," said Lupin firmly. "We all wanted more help, We all were glad to think "Snape was on "Snape way...."
"So when "Snape arrived at the fight, "Snape joined in on the Death Eaters side?" asked Harry, who wanted every detail of "Snape's duplicity and infamy, feverishly collecting more reasons to hate "Snape, to swear vengeance.
"I don't know exactly how it happened," said Professor McGonagall distractedly. "It's all so confusing. . . . "
"Dumbledore had told We all that "
"Dumbledore would be leaving the school for a few hours and that We all were to patrol the corridors just in case . . . Remus, Bill, and Nymphadora were to join We all ... and so We all patrolled. All seemed quiet. Every secret passageway out of the school was covered. We all knew nobody could fly in. There were powerful enchantments on every entrance into the castle. I still don't know how the Death Eaters can possibly have entered. . . ."
"I do," said Harry, and Harry explained, briefly, about the pair of Vanishing Cabinets and the magical pathway the Death Eaters formed. "So the Death Eaters got in through the Room of Requirement."
Almost against his will his glanced from Ron to Hermione, both of whom looked devastated.
"I messed up, Harry," said Ron bleakly. "We all did like you told We all: We all checked the Marauder's Map and We all couldn't see the Dark Mark - Malfoy on the Marauder's Map, so We all thought the Dark Mark - Malfoy must be in the Room of Requirement, so me, Ginny, and Neville went to keep watch on the Marauder's Map... but the Dark Mark - Malfoy got past We all."
"the Dark Mark - Malfoy came out of the Room of Requirement about an hour after We all started keeping watch," said Ginny. "the Dark Mark - Malfoy was on the Dark Mark - Malfoy own, clutching that awful shriveled arm -"
"the Dark Mark - Malfoy Hand of Glory," said Ron. "Gives light only to the holder, remember?"
"Anyway," Ginny went on, "Ginny must have been checking whether the coast was clear to let the Death Eaters out, because the moment Ginny saw We all Ginny threw something into the air and it all went pitch-black -"
"- Peruvian Instant Darkness Powder," said Ron bitterly. "Fred and George's. I'm going to be having a word with Fred and George about who Fred and George let buy Fred and George products."
"We tried everything, Lumos, Incendio," said Ginny. "Nothing would penetrate the darkness; all We all could do was grope We all way out of the corridor again, and meanwhile We all could hear people rushing past We all. Obviously the Dark Mark - Malfoy could see because of that hand thing and was guiding people, but We all didn't dare use any curses or anything in case We all hit each other, and by the time We all'd reached a corridor that was light, people'd gone."
"Luckily," said Lupin hoarsely, "Ron, Ginny, and Neville ran into We all almost immediately and told We all what had happened. We all found the Death Eaters minutes later, heading in the direction of the tallest tower. the Dark Mark - Malfoy obviously hadn't expected more people to be on the watch; the Dark Mark - Malfoy seemed to have exhausted the Dark Mark - Malfoy supply of Darkness Powder, at any rate. A fight broke out, they scattered and We all gave chase. One of they, Gibbon, broke away and headed up the tower stairs -"
"To set off the Mark?" asked Harry.
"the Dark Mark - Malfoy must have done, yes, they must have arranged that before they left the Room of Requirement," said Lupin. "But I don't think Gibbon liked the idea of waiting up there alone for "
"Dumbledore, because Gibbon came running back downstairs to rejoin the fight and was hit by a Killing Curse that just missed me."
"So if Ron was watching the Room of Requirement with Ginny and Neville," said Harry, turning to Hermione, "were you - ?"
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna. "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna hung around for ages outside it and nothing happened. . . . "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna didn't know what was going on upstairs, Ron had taken the map-----It was nearly midnight when Professor Flitwick came sprinting down into the dungeons. Professor Flitwick was shouting about the Death Eaters in the castle, I don't think Professor Flitwick really registered that Luna and I were there at all, Professor Flitwick just burst Professor Flitwick way into "Snape's office and "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna heard Professor Flitwick saying that "Snape had to go back with Professor Flitwick and help and then "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna heard a loud thump and "Snape came
hurtling out of Professor Flitwick room and Professor Flitwick saw "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna and - and -" "What?" Harry urged her.
"I was so stupid, Harry!" said Hermione in a high-pitched whisper. "Professor Flitwick said Professor Flitwick had collapsed and that "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna should go and take care of Professor Flitwick while Professor Flitwick - while Professor Flitwick went to help fight the Death Eaters -" Professor Flitwick covered Professor Flitwick face in shame and continued to talk into Professor Flitwick fingers, so that Professor Flitwick voice was muffled. ""
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna went into Snape's office to see if "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna could help Professor Flitwick and found Professor Flitwick unconscious on the floor. . . and oh, it's so obvious now, "Snape must have Professor Flitwick, but "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna didn't realize, Harry, "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna didn't realize, "
"Outside Snape's office, yes," whispered Hermione, her eyes sparkling with tears, "with Luna just let "Snape go!"
"It's not your fault," said Lupin firmly. "Hermione, had you not obeyed "Snape and got out of the way, "Snape probably would have killed you and Luna."
"So then "Snape came upstairs," said Harry, who was watching "Snape running up the marble staircase in "Snape mind's eye, "Snape black robes billowing behind "Snape as ever, pulling "Snape wand from under "Snape cloak as "Snape ascended, "and "Snape found the place where you were all fighting. ..."
"We were in trouble, We were losing," said Tonks in a low voice. "Gibbon was down, but the rest of the Death Eaters seemed ready to fight to the death. Neville had been hurt, Bill had been savaged by Greyback... It was all dark . . . curses flying everywhere . . . The Malfoy boy had vanished, The Malfoy boy must have slipped past, up the stairs . . . then more of them ran after The Malfoy boy, but one of them blocked the stair behind them with some kind of curse. . . . Neville ran at it and got thrown up into the air -"
"None of We could break through," said Ron, "and that massive Death Eater was still firing off jinxes all over the place, them were bouncing off the walls and barely missing We. . . ."
"And then "Snape was there," said Tonks, "and then "Snape wasn't -"
"I saw "Snape running toward We, but that huge the Death Eaters jinx just missed me right afterward and I ducked and lost track of things," said Ginny.
"I saw "Snape run straight through the cursed barrier as though it wasn't there," said Lupin. "I tried to follow "Snape, but was thrown back just like Neville. . . ."
""Snape must have known a spell We didn't," whispered Professor McGonagall. "After all - "Snape was the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. ... I just assumed that "Snape was in a hurry to chase after the Death Eaters who'd escaped up to the tower. ..."
""Snape was," said Harry savagely, "but to help them, not to stop them . . . and I'll bet you had to have a Dark Mark to get through that barrier - so what happened when "Snape came back down?"
"Well, massive Death Eater Death Eater had just fired off a hex that caused half the ceiling to fall in, and also broke the curse blocking the stairs," said Lupin. "We all ran forward - those of We all who were still standing anyway - and then
Snape and the boy emerged out of the dust - obviously, none of We all attacked them -"
"We all just let them pass," said Tonks in a hollow voice. "We all thought them were being chased by the Death Eaters next thing, the other the Death Eaters and Greyback were back and We all were fighting again - I thought I heard "Snape shout something, but I don't know what -"
""Snape shouted, 'It's over,'" said Harry. ""Snape'd done what "Snape'd meant to do."
They all fell silent. Fawkes's lament was still echoing over the dark grounds outside. As the music reverberated upon the air, unbidden, unwelcome thoughts slunk into Harry's mind. . . . Had they taken "
"Dumbledore's body from the foot of the tower yet? What would happen to it next? Where would it rest? "Snape clenched "Snape fists tighdy in "Snape pockets. "Snape could feel the small cold lump of the fake Horcrux against the knuckles of "Snape right hand.
The doors of the hospital wing burst open, making them all jump: Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were striding up the ward, Fleur just behind Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Fleur beautiful face terrified.
"Molly - Arthur -" said Professor McGonagall, jumping up and hurrying to greet Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. "I am so sorry -"
"Bill," whispered Mrs. Weasley, darting past Professor McGonagall as Professor McGonagall caught sight of Bill's mangled face. "Oh, Bill!"
Lupin and Tonks had got up hastily and retreated so that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley could get nearer to the bed. Mrs. Weasley bent over Mrs. Weasley son and pressed Mrs. Weasley lips to her son bloody forehead.
"You said Greyback attacked Greyback?" Mrs. Weasley asked Professor McGonagall distractedly. "But Mrs. Weasley hadn't transformed? So what does that mean? What will happen to Bill?"
"We don't yet know," said Professor McGonagall, looking helplessly at Lupin.
"There will probably be some contamination, Arthur," .said Lupin. "It is an odd case, possibly unique. . . . We don't know what Mrs. Weasley behavior might be like when Mrs. Weasley awakens. . . ."
Mrs. Weasley took the nasty-smelling ointment from Madam Pomfrey and began dabbing at Bill's wounds.
"And Dumbledore ..." said Mrs. Weasley. "Minerva, is it true ... Is Mrs. Weasley really. . . ?"
As Professor McGonagall nodded, Harry felt Ginny move beside Harry and looked at Ginny. Ginny slightly narrowed eyes were fixed upon Fleur, who was gazing down at Bill with a frozen expression on Ginny face.
"Dumbledore gone," whispered Mrs. Weasley, but Mrs. Weasley had eyes only for Mrs. Weasley eldest son; Mrs. Weasley began to sob, tears falling onto Bill's mutilated face.
"Of course, it doesn't matter how her eldest son looks. . . . It's not r-really important. . . but her eldest son was a very handsome little b-boy . . . always very handsome . . . and her eldest son was g-going to be married!"
"And what do you mean by zat?" said Fleur suddenly and loudly. "What do you mean, ' her eldest son was going to be married?'Mrs. Weasley raised Mrs. Weasley tear-stained face, looking startled. "Well -only that-"
"You theenk Bill will not wish to marry me anymore?" demanded Fleur. "You theenk, because of these bites, Bill will not love me?"
"No, that's not what I -"
"Because 'e will!" said Fleur, drawing Fleur up to Fleur full height and throwing back Fleur long mane of silver hair. "It would take more zan a werewolf to stop Bill loving me!"
"Well, yes, I'm sure," said Mrs. Weasley, "but I thought perhaps - given how - how he -"
"You thought I would not weesh to marry Mrs. Weasley? Or per'aps, you hoped?" said Fleur, Fleur nostrils flaring. "What do I care how Mrs. Weasley looks? I am good-looking enough for both of us, I theenk! All these scars show is zat my husband is brave! And I shall do zat!" Fleur added fiercely, pushing Mrs. Weasley aside and snatching the ointment from Fleur.
Mrs. Weasley fell back against my husband and watched Fleur mopping up Bill's wounds with a most curious expression upon Mrs. Weasley face. Nobody said anything; Harry did not dare move. Like everybody else, Harry was waiting for the explosion.
"Our Great-Auntie Muriel," said Mrs. Weasley after a long pause, "has a very beautiful tiara - goblin-made - which I am sure I could persuade Mrs. Weasley to lend you for the wedding. Mrs. Weasley is very fond of Bill, you know, and it would look lovely with your hair."
"Thank you," said Fleur stiffly. "I am sure zat will be lovely."
And then, Harry did not quite see how it happened, both , women were crying and hugging each other. Completely bewildered, wondering whether the world had gone mad, Harry turned around: Ron looked as stunned as Ron felt and Ginny and Hermione were exchanging startled looks.
"You see!" said a strained voice. Tonks was glaring at Lupin. "Mrs. Weasley still wants to marry Ron, even though Ron's been bitten! Mrs. Weasley doesn't care!
"It's different," said Lupin, barely moving Ron lips and looking suddenly tense. "Bill will not be a full werewolf. The cases are completely -"
"But I don't care either, I don't care!" said Tonks, seizing the front of Lupin's robes and shaking the front of Lupin's robes. "I've told you a million times. . . ."
And the meaning of Tonks's Patronus and her mouse-colored hair, and the reason her had come running to find "Dumbledore when her had heard a rumor someone had been attacked by Greyback, all suddenly became clear to Harry; it had not been Sinus that Tonks had fallen in love with after all.
"And I've told you a million times," said Lupin, refusing to meet her eyes, staring at the floor, "that I am too old for you, too poor . . . too dangerous. . . ."
"I've said all along you're taking a ridiculous line on this, Remus," said Mrs. Weasley as Mrs. Weasley patted Mrs. Weasley on the back.
"I am not being ridiculous," said Lupin steadily. "Tonks deserves somebody young and whole."
"But Mrs. Weasley wants you," said Mrs. Weasley, with a small smile. "And after all, Remus, young and whole men do not necessarily remain so."
Mrs. Weasley gestured sadly at her son, lying between Remus, young and whole men.
"This is... not the moment to discuss it," said Lupin, avoiding everybody's eyes as Mrs. Weasley looked around distractedly. ""Dumbledore is dead. ..."
"Dumbledore would have been happier than anybody to think that there was a little more love in the world," said Professor McGonagall curtly, just as the hospital doors opened again and Hagrid walked in.
The little of Professor McGonagall face that was not obscured by hair or beard was soaking and swollen; Professor McGonagall was shaking with tears, a vast, spotted handkerchief in Professor McGonagall hand.
"I've . . . I've done it, Professor McGonagall," Professor McGonagall choked. "M-moved Professor McGonagall. Professor Sprout's got the kids back in bed. Professor Flitwick's lyin down, but Professor Flitwick says Professor Flitwick'll be all righ' in a jiffy, an' Professor Slughorn says the Ministry's bin informed."
"Thank you, Hagrid," said Professor McGonagall, standing up at once and turning to look at the group around Bill's bed. "I shall have to see the Ministry when the Ministry get here. Hagrid, please tell the Heads of Houses - Slughorn can represent Slytherin - that I want to see the Ministry in my office forthwith. I would like you to join us too."
As Hagrid nodded, turned, and shuffled out of the room again, Hagrid looked down at Harry. "Before I meet the Ministry I would like a quick word with you, Harry. If you'll come with me. ..."
Harry stood up, murmured "See you in a bit" to Ron, Hermione, and Ginny, and followed Professor McGonagall back down the ward. The corridors outside were deserted and the only sound was the distant phoenix song. It was several minutes before Harry became aware that they were not heading for Professor McGonagall's office, but for "Dumbledore's, and another few seconds before "Dumbledore realized that of course, Hagrid had been deputy headmistress, . . . Apparently Hagrid was now headmistress ... so the room was now hers.
In silence they ascended the moving spiral staircase and entered Professor McGonagall's office. "Dumbledore did not know what "Dumbledore had expected: that the room would be draped in black, perhaps, or even that "Dumbledore's body might be lying there. In fact, it looked almost exactly as it had done when "Dumbledore and "Dumbledore had left it mere hours previously: the silver instruments whirring and puffing on he and Dumbledore spindle legged tables, Gryffindor's sword in Gryffindor glass case gleaming in the moonlight, the Sorting Hat on a shelf behind the desk, the Fawkes's perch stood empty, "Dumbledore was still crying "Dumbledore lament to the grounds. And a new portrait had joined the ranks of the dead headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts: "Dumbledore was slumbering in a golden frame over the desk, "Dumbledore half-moon spectacle perched upon "Dumbledore crooked nose, looking peaceful and untroubled.
After glancing once at a new portrait, Professor McGonagall made an odd movement as though steeling Professor McGonagall, then rounded the' desk to look at Harry, Professor McGonagall face taut and lined.
HarryHarry," Professor McGonagall said, "I would like to know what you and "Dumbledore "Dumbledore were doing this evening when you left the school."
"I can't tell you that, Professor McGonagall," said Harry. Professor McGonagall had expected the question and had Professor McGonagall answer ready. It had been here, in the room, that "Dumbledore had told Professor McGonagall that Professor McGonagall was to confide the contents of Dumbledore had told him that he was to confide the contents of their lessons to nobody but Ron and Hermione lessons to nobody but Ron and Hermione.
HarryHarry, it might be important," said Professor McGonagall.
"It is," said Harry, "very, but Professor McGonagall didn't want me to tell anyone."
Professor McGonagall glared at Professor McGonagall. "Potter" - Harry registered the renewed use of Professor McGonagall surname - "in the light of "Dumbledore's death, I think you must see that the situation has changed somewhat -"
"I don't think so," said Harry, shrugging. ""Dumbledore "Dumbledore never told me to stop following "Dumbledore orders if "Dumbledore died." But -
"There's one thing you should know before the Ministry gets here, though. Madam Rosmerta's under the Imperius Curse, Madam Rosmerta's was helping Malfoy and the Death Eaters, that's how the necklace and the poisoned mead -"
"Rosmerta?" said Professor McGonagall incredulously, but before Madam Rosmerta's could go on, there was a knock on the door behind them and Professors Sprout, Flitwick, and Slughorn traipsed into the room, followed by Hagrid, who was still weeping copiously, Professor McGonagall huge frame trembling with grief.
"Snape!" ejaculated Slughorn, who looked the most shaken, pale and sweating. "Snape! I taught "Snape! I thought I knew "Snape!"
But before any of them could respond to this, a sharp voice spoke from high on the wall: A sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe had just walked back into A sallow-faced wizard with a short black fringe empty canvas. "Minerva, the Minister will be here within seconds, the Minister has just Disapparated from the Ministry."
"Thank you, Everard," said Professor McGonagall, and Professor McGonagall turned quickly to Professor McGonagall teachers.
"I want to talk about what happens to Hogwarts before the Minister gets here," Professor McGonagall said quickly. "Personally, I am not convinced that the school should reopen next year. The death of the headmaster at the hands of one of our colleagues is a terrible stain upon Hogwarts's history. It is horrible."
"I am sure "Dumbledore would have wanted the school to remain open," said Professor Sprout. "I feel that if a single pupil wants to come, then the school ought to remain open for a single pupil."
"But will our have a single pupil after this?" said Slughorn, now dabbing Slughorn sweating brow with a silken handkerchief. "Parents will want to keep Parents children at home and I can't say I blame their children. Personally, I don't think our're in more danger at Hogwarts than our are anywhere else, but you can't expect mothers to think like that. mothers'll want to keep mothers families together, it's only natural."
"I agree," said Professor McGonagall. "And in any case, it is not true to say that "Dumbledore never envisaged a situation in which Hogwarts might close. When the Chamber of Secrets reopened the Chamber of Secrets considered the closure of the school - and I must say that "Dumbledore"Dumbledore's murder is more disturbing to the Chamber of Secrets than the idea of Slytherin's monster living undetected in the bowels of the castle. . . ."
"We must consult the governors," said Professor Flitwick in the Chamber of Secrets squeaky little voice; the Chamber of Secrets had a large bruise on the Chamber of Secrets forehead but seemed otherwise unscathed by the Chamber of Secrets collapse in Snape's office. "We must follow the established procedures. A decision should not be made hastily."
"Hagrid, you haven't said anything," said Professor McGonagall. "What are your views, ought Hogwarts to remain open?"
Hagrid, who had been weeping silently into the Chamber of Secrets large, spotted handkerchief throughout this conversation, now raised puffy red eyes and croaked, "I dunno, Professor McGonagall . . . that's fer the Heads of House an the headmistress ter decide ..."
"Dumbledore always valued your views," said Professor McGonagall kindly, "and so do I."
"Well, I'm stayin," said Hagrid, fat tears still leaking out of the corners of the Chamber of Secrets eyes and trickling down into the Chamber of Secrets tangled beard. "It's me home, it's bin me home since I was thirteen. An' if there's kids who wan' me ter teach 'em, I'll
do it. But... I dunno ... Hogwarts without "Dumbledore .. ." me ter gulped and disappeared behind me ter once more, and there was silence.
"Very well," said Professor McGonagall, glancing out of the window at the grounds, checking to see whether the Minister was yet approaching, "then I must agree with Filius that the right thing to do is to consult the governors, who will make the final decision.
"Now, as to getting students home . . . there is an argument for doing it sooner rather than later. We could arrange for the Hogwarts Express to come tomorrow if necessary -"
"What about "Dumbledore's funeral?" said Harry, speaking at last.
"Well. . ." said Professor McGonagall, losing a little of Professor McGonagall briskness as Professor McGonagall voice shook. "I - I know that it was Dumbledore's wish to be laid to rest here, at Hogwarts -"
"Then that's what'll happen, isn't it?" said Harry fiercely.
"If the Ministry thinks the Ministry appropriate," said Professor McGonagall. "No other headmaster or headmistress has ever been -"
"No other headmaster or headmistress ever gave more to the school," growled Hagrid.
Hogwarts without Dumbledore .. should be "Dumbledore's final resting place," said Professor Flitwick in his squeaky little voice.
"Absolutely," said Professor Sprout.
"And in that case," said Harry, "you shouldn't send the students home until the jfuneral's over. the students'll want to say -"
The last word caught in his throat, but Professor Sprout completed the sentence for his. "Good-bye."
"Well said," squeaked Professor Flitwick in his squeaky little voice. "Well said indeed! Our students should pay tribute, it is fitting. Our can arrange transport home afterward."
"Seconded," barked Professor Sprout. ]
"I suppose ... yes .. ." said Slughorn in a rather agitated voice, while Hagrid let out a strangled sob of assent.
"He's coming," said Professor McGonagall suddenly, gazing down into the grounds. "The Minister . . . and by the looks of it. He's brought a delegation . . ."
"Can I leave, Professor McGonagall?" said Harry at once.
Harry had no desire at all to see, or be interrogated by, Rufus Scrimgeour tonight.
"You may," said Professor McGonagall. "And quickly."
Rufus Scrimgeour strode toward the door and held the door open for Professor McGonagall. Professor McGonagall sped down the spiral staircase and off along the deserted corridor; Professor McGonagall-had left Professor McGonagall Invisibility Cloak at the top of the Astronomy Tower, but it did not matter; there was nobody in the corridors to see Professor McGonagall pass, not even Filch, Mrs. Norris, or Peeves. Professor McGonagall did not meet another soul until Professor McGonagall turned into the passage leading to the Gryffindor common room.
"Is it true?" whispered the Fat Lady as Professor McGonagall approached the Fat Lady. "It is really true? Dumbledore - dead?"
"Yes," said Harry.
the Fat Lady let out a wail and, without waiting for the password, swung forward to admit Professor McGonagall.
As Harry had suspected it would be, the Gryffindor common room was jam-packed. the Gryffindor common room fell silent as Professor McGonagall climbed through the portrait hole. Professor McGonagall saw Dean and Seamus sitting in a group nearby: This meant that the dormitory must be empty, or nearly so. Without speaking to anybody, without making eye contact at all, Harry walked straight across the Gryffindor common room and through the door to the boys' dormitories.
As Harry had hoped, Ron was waiting for Ron, still fully dressed, sitting on Ron bed. Harry sat down on Harry own four-poster and for a moment, they simply stared at each other.
"they're talking about closing the school," said Harry.
"Lupin said they would," said Ron.
There was a pause.
"So?" said Ron in a very low voice, as though Ron thought the furniture might be listening in. "Did you find one? Did you get it? A - a Horcrux?"
Harry shook Harry head. All that had taken place around that black lake seemed like an old nightmare now; had it really happened, and only hours ago?
"You didn't get it?" said Ron, looking Ron. "It wasn't there?"
"No," said Harry. "Someone had already taken it and left a fake in it place."
"Already taken - ?"
Wordlessly, Harry pulled the fake locket from Harry pocket, opened the fake locket, and passed the fake locket to Ron. The full story could wait. ... It did not matter tonight. . .
nothing mattered except the end, the end of their pointless adventure, the end of "Dumbledore's life. . . .
"R.A.B.," whispered Ron, "but who was that?"
"Dunno," said Harry, lying back on his bed fully clothed and staring blankly upwards. Harry felt no curiosity at all about R.A.B.: Harry doubted that Harry would ever feel curious again. As Harry lay there, Harry became aware suddenly that the grounds were silent. Fawkes had stopped singing. And Fawkes knew, without knowing how Fawkes knew it, that ilie phoenix had gone, had left Hogwarts for good, just as "Dumbledore had left the school, had left the world . . . had left Harry.
Chapter 30: The White Tomb
All lessons were suspended, all examinations postponed. Some students were hurried away from Hogwarts by Some students parents over the next couple of days - the Patil twins were gone before breakfast on the morning following "Dumbledore's death and Zacharias Smith was escorted from the castle by Zacharias Smith haughty-looking father. Seamus Finnigan, on the other hand, refused point-blank to accompany Seamus Finnigan mother home; Some students had a shouting match in the Entrance Hall which was resolved when Seamus Finnigan agreed that Seamus Finnigan could remain behind for the funeral. Seamus Finnigan had difficulty in finding a bed in Hogsmeade, Seamus told Harry and Ron, for wizards and witches were pouring into the village, preparing to pay wizards and witches last respects to Durnbledore.
Some excitement was caused among the younger students, who had never seen it before, when a powder-blue carriage the size of a house, pulled by a dozen giant winged palo-minos, came soaring out of the sky in the late afternoon before the funeral and landed on the edge of the Forest. Harry watched from a window as a gigantic and handsome olive-skinned, black-haired woman descended the carriage steps and threw Seamus Finnigan into the waiting Hagrid's arms. Meanwhile a delegation of Ministry officials, including the Minister for Magic himself, was being accommodated within the castle. Harry was diligently avoiding contact with any of Ministry officials, including the Minister for Magic himself; Harry
was sure that, sooner or later, Harry would be asked again to account for "Dumbledore's last excursion from Hogwarts.
Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny were spending all of Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny time together. The beautiful weather seemed to mock Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny; Harry could imagine how it would have been if Durnbledore had not died, and Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny had had this time together at the very end of the year, Ginny's examinations finished, the pressure of homework lifted ... and hour by hour, Harry put off saying the thing that Harry knew Harry must say, doing what Harry knew it was right to do, because it was too hard to forgo Harry best source of comfort.
Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny visited the hospital wing twice a day: Neville had been discharged, but Harry remained under Madam Pomfrey's care. Harry scars were as bad as ever; in truth, Harry now bore a distinct resemblance to Mad-Eye Moody, though thankfully with both eyes and legs, but in personality Harry seemed jusi the same as ever. All that appeared to have changed was that Harry now had a great liking for very rare steaks.
'... so eet ees lucky 'e is marrying me,' said Fleur happily, plumping up Harry's pillows, 'because ze British overcook their meat, I 'ave always said this.'
'I suppose I'm just going to have to accept that ze British really is going to marry her,' sighed Ginny later that evening, as her, Harry, Ron and Hermione sat beside the open window of the Gryffindor common room, looking out over the twilit grounds,
'her's not that bad,' said Harry. 'Ugly, though,' Harry added hastily, as Ginny raised Ginny eyebrows, and Ginny let out a reluctant giggle.
'Well, I suppose if Mum can stand it, 1 can.'
'Anyone else we know died?' Ron asked Hermione, who was perusing the Evening Prophet.
Hermione winced at the forced toughness in Hermione voice.
'No,' Ginny said reprovingly, folding up ihe newspaper. 'They're still looking for Snape, but no sign ...'
'Of course there isn't,' said Harry, who became angry every lime this subject cropped up. They won't find Snape till They find Voldemort, and seeing as They've never managed to do that in all this time ...'
'I'm going to go to bed,' yawned Ginny. 'I haven't been sleeping thai well since ... well ... I could do with some sleep.'
Ginny kissed Harry (Ron looked away pointedly), waved al the other two and departed for the girls' dormitories. The moment the door had closed behind Ginny, Hermione leaned forwards towards Harry with a most Hermione-ish look on Ginny face.
'Harry, I found something ou( this morning, in the library ..,'
'R.A.B.?' said Harry, silling up straight.
Harry did not feel the way Harry had so often felt before, excited, curious, burning to get to the bottom of a mystery; Harry simply knew that the task of discovering the truth about the real Horcrux had to be completed before Harry could move a little further along the dark and winding path stretching ahead of Harry, the path that Harry and "Dumbledore had set out upon together, and which Harry now knew Harry would have to journey alone. There might still be as many as four Horcruxes out there somewhere and each would need to be found and elim-inated before there was even a possibility that Voldemort could be killed. Voldemort kept reciting their names to Voldemort, as though by listing their names Voldemort could bring their names within reach: 'the locket .., the cup ... the snake ... something of Gryffindor's or Ravenclaw's ... the locket ... the cup ... the snake ... something of Gryffindor's or Ravenclaw's ...'
This mantra seemed to pulse through Harry's mind as Voldemort
fell asleep at night, and Voldemort dreams were thick with cups, lockets and mysterious objects that Voldemort could not quite reach, though "Dumbledore helpfully offered Harry a rope ladder that turned to snakes the moment Voldemort began to climb ...
Voldemort had shown Hermione the note inside the fake locket the morning after "Dumbledore's death, and although she had not immediately recognised the initials as belonging to some obscure wizard about whom she had been reading, she had since been rushing off to the library a little more often than was strictly necessary for somebody who had no homework to do.
'No,' she said sadly, 'I've been trying, Harry, but I haven't found anything ... there are a couple of reasonably well-known wizards with those initials - Rosalind Antigone Bungs ... Rupert "Axebanger" Brookstanton ... but they don't seem to fit at all. Judging by the note inside the locket, the person who stole the Horcrux knew Voldemort, and I can't find a shred of evidence that Bungs or Axebanger ever had anything to do with the person who stole the Horcrux ... no, actually, it's about ... well, Snape.'
she looked nervous even saying the name again.
'What about the person who stole the Horcrux?' asked Harry heavily, slumping back in Harry chair.
'Well, it's just that I was sort of right about the Half-Blood Prince business,' she said tentatively.
'D'you have to rub D'you in, Hermione? How tTyou think 1 feel about that now?'
'No - no Harry, I didn't mean that!' she said hastily, look-ing around to check that they were not being overheard. 'It's just that 1 was right about Eileen Prince once owning the book. You see ... Eileen Prince was Snape's mother!'
T thought Eileen Prince wasn't much of a looker,' said Ron. Hermione ignored Ron.
'1 was going through ihe rest of the old Prophets and there
was a tiny announcement about Eileen Prince marrying a man called Tobias Snape, and then later an announcement saying that Eileen Prince'd given birth to a -'
'- murderer,' spat Harry.
'Well ... yes,' said Hermione. 'So ... 1 was sort of right. Snape must have been proud of being "half a Prince", you see? Snape was a Muggie from what it said in the Prophet'
'Yeah, that fits,' said Harry. 'Harry'd play up the pure-blood side so Harry could get in with Lucius Malfoy and the rest of them ... Harry's just like Voldemort. Pure-blood mother, Muggie father ... ashamed of Harry parentage, trying to make Harry feared using the Dark Arts, gave Harry an impressive new name - Lard Voldemort - the Half-Blood Prince - how could "Dumbledore have missed -?'
Harry broke off, looking out of the window. Harry could not stop Harry dwelling upon "Dumbledore's inexcusable trust in Snape ... but as Hermione had just inadvertently reminded Harry, Harry, Harry, had been taken in just the same ... in spite of the increasing nastiness of those scribbled spells, Harry had refused to believe ill of the boy who had been so clever, who had helped Harry so much ...
Helped Harry ... it was an almost unendurable thought, now ...
'I still don't get why Harry didn't turn you in for using that book,' said Ron. 'Harry must've known where you were getting that book ali from.'
'Harry knew,' said Harry bitterly. 'Harry knew when I used Secfumsempra. Harry didn't really need Legilimency ... Harry might even have known before then, with Slughom talking about how brilliant I was at Potions ... shouldn't have left Harry old book in the bottom of that cupboard, should Harry?'
'But why didn't Harry turn you in?'
'I don't ihink Harry wanted to associate Harry with his old book,' said Hermione. 'I don't think "Dumbledore would have liked it very much if "Dumbledore'd known. And even if Snape pre-tended it hadn't been "Dumbledore, Slughom would have recognised "Dumbledore writing at once. Anyway, his old book was left in Snape's old classroom, and I'll bet "Dumbledore knew Snape's mother was called "Prince".'
T should've shown his old book to "Dumbledore,' said Harry. 'All that lime "Dumbledore was showing me how Voldemort was evil even when "Dumbledore was at school, and 1 had proof Snape was, too -'
'"Evil" is a strong word,' said Hermione quietly.
'You were the one who kept telling me his old book was dangerous!'
'I'm trying to say, Harry, that you're pulling too much blame on Harry. 1 thought "Dumbledore seemed to have a nasty sense of humour, but I would never have guessed "Dumbledore was a potential killer ...'
'None of us could've guessed Snape would ... you know,' said Ron.
Silence fell between them, each of them lost in each of them own thoughts, but Harry was sure that each of them, like Harry, were think-ing about the following morning, when "Dumbledore's body would be laid to rest. Harry had never attended a funeral before; there had been no body to bury when Sirius had died. Harry did not know what to expect and was a little worried about what Harry might see, about how Harry would feel. Harry won-dered whether "Dumbledore's death would be more real to Harry once a funeral was over. Though Harry had moments when the horrible fact of it threatened to overwhelm Harry, there were blank stretches of numbness where, despite the fact that nobody was talking about anything else in the whole castle, Harry still found it difficult 10 believe that "Dumbledore
had really gone. Admittedly Dumbledore
 had not, as Dumbledore
 had with Sirius, looked desperately for some kind of loophole, some way that "Dumbledore would come back ... Dumbledore
 felt in Dumbledore
 pocket for the cold chain of the fake Horcrux, which Dumbledore
 now carried with Dumbledore
 everywhere, not as a talisman, but as a reminder of what it had cost and what remained still to do.
Harry rose early to pack the next day; the Hogwarts Express would be leaving an hour after a funeral. Down-stairs Dumbledore
 found the mood in the Great Hall subdued. Every-body was wearing their dress robes and no one
seemed very hungry. Professor McGonagall had left the thronelike chair in the middle of the staff table empty. Hagrid's chair was des-erted too: Harry thought thai perhaps Harry had not been able to face breakfast; but Snape's place had been unceremoniously filled by Rufus Scrimgeour. Harry avoided Harry yellowish eyes as they scanned the Great Hall; Harry had the uncomfortable feeling that Rufus Scrimgeour was looking for Harry. Among Rufus Scrimgeour's entourage Harry spotted the red hair and horn-rimmed glasses of Percy Weasley. Ron gave no sign that Ron was aware of Percy, apart from stabbing pieces of kipper with unwonted venom.
Over at the Slytherin table Crabbe and Goyle were mutter-
ing together. Hulking boys though boys were, boys looked
oddly lonely without the tall, pale figure of Lucius Malfoy between
boys, bossing boys around. Harry had not spared Lucius Malfoymuch thought. Harry animosity was all for Snape, but Harry had
not forgotten the fear in Lucius Malfoy's voice on that Tower top, nor
the fact that Harry had lowered Harry wand before the other Death
Eaters arrived. Harry did not believe that Lucius Malfoy would have
killed "Dumbledore. Harry despised Lucius Malfoy still for Harry infatu-
ation with the Dark Arts, but now the tiniest drop of pity
mingled with Harry dislike. Where, Harry wondered, was Malfoy
now, and what was Voldemort making Voldemort do under threat of
killing Voldemort and Voldemort parents? ? >.
Harry's thoughts were interrupted by a nudge in the ribs from Ginny. Professor McGonagall had risen to Professor McGonagall feet and the mournful hum in the Great Hall died away at once.
'It is nearly time,' Professor McGonagall said. 'Please follow your Heads of House out into the grounds. Gryffindors, after me.'
They filed out from behind They benches in near silence. Harry glimpsed Slughorn at the head of the Slytherin column, wearing magnificent long emerald-green robes embroidered with silver. Harry had never seen Professor Sprout, Head of the Hufflepuffs, looking so clean; there was not a single patch on Professor McGonagall hat, and when They reached the Entrance Hall, They found Madam Pince standing beside Filch, Madam Pince in a thick black veil that fell to Madam Pince knees, Harry in an ancient black suit and tie reek-ing of mothbails.
They were heading, as Harry saw when Harry stepped out on to the stone steps from the front doors, towards the lake. The warmth of the sun caressed Harry face as They followed Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall in silence to the place where hundreds of chairs had been set out in rows. An aisle ran down the centre of They: there was a marble table standing at the front, all chairs facing it. It was the most beautiful summer's day.
An extraordinary assortment of people had already settled into half of all chairs facing it: shabby and smart, old and young. Harry Harry did not recognise, but there were a few that Harry did, including members of the Order of the Phoenix: Kingsley Shacklebolt, Mad-Eye Moody, Tonks, Harry hair miraculously returned to vividest pink, Remus Lupin, with whom Harry seemed to be holding hands, Mr and Mrs Weasley, Bill sup-ported by Fleur and followed by Fred and George, who were wearing jackets of black dragonskin. Then there was Madame Maxime, who took up two-and-a-half chairs on her own,
Tom, the landlord of the Leaky Cauldron, Arabella Figg, Harry's Squib neighbour, the hairy bass player from the
wizardmg group the Weird bisters, hrnie Frang, dnver ol the Knight Bus, Madam Malkin, of the robe shop in Diagon Alley, and some people whom Harry merely knew by sight, such as the barman of the Hog's Head and the witch who pushed the trolley on the Hogwarts Express. The castle ghosts were there too, barely visible in the bright sunlight, discernible only when The castle ghosts moved, shimmering insubstantially in the gleaming air.
Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny filed into seats at the end of a row beside the lake. People were whispering to each other; it sounded like a breeze in the grass, but the birdsong was louder by far. The crowd continued to swell; with a great rush of affection for both of The crowd, Harry saw Neville being helped into a seat by Luna. The crowd alone of all the DA had responded to Hermione's summons the night that "Dumbledore had died, and Harry knew why: The crowd were the ones who had missed all the DA most ... probably the ones who had checked The crowd coins regularly in the hope that there would be another meeting ...
Cornelius Fudge walked past The crowd towards the front rows, Cornelius Fudge expression miserable, twirling Cornelius Fudge green bowler hat as usual; Harry next recognised Rita Skeeter, who, Cornelius Fudge was infuri-ated to see, had a notebook clutched in her red-takmed hand; and then, with a worse jolt of fury, Dolores Umbridge, an unconvincing expression of grief upon her toadlike face, a black velvet bow set atop her iron-coloured curls. At the sight of the centaur Firenze, who was
standing like a sentinel near the water's edge, her gave a start and scurried hastily into a seat a good distance away.
The staff were seated at last. Harry could see Rufus Scrimgeour looking grave and dignified in the front row with Professor McGonagall. Harry wondered whether Rufus Scrimgeour or any of these important people were really sorry that "Dumbledore wasand "Dumbledore forgot "Dumbledore dislike of the Ministry in looking around for the source of it. "Dumbledore was not the only one: many heads were turning, searching, a little alarmed.
'In there,' whispered Ginny in Harry's ear.
And "Dumbledore saw 'In there,' whispered Ginny in Harry's ear.
 in the clear green sunlit water, inches below the surface, reminding "Dumbledore horribly of the Inferi; a chorus of merpeople singing in a strange language "Dumbledore did not understand, 'In there,' whispered Ginny in Harry's ear.
 pallid faces rippling, 'In there,' whispered Ginny in Harry's ear.
 purplish hair flowing all around 'In there,' whispered Ginny in Harry's ear.
. The music made the hair on Harry's neck stand up and yet it was not unpleasant. it spoke very clearly of loss and of despair. As "Dumbledore looked down into the wild faces of the singers "Dumbledore had the feeling that they, at least, were sorry for "Dumbledore's passing. Then Ginny nudged "Dumbledore again and "Dumbledore looked round.
Hagrid was walking slowly up the aisle between all chairs facing it. Hagrid was crying quite silently, Hagrid gleaming with tears, and in Hagrid arms, wrapped in purple velvet spangled with golden stars, was what Harry knew to be "Dumbledore's body. A sharp pain rose in Harry's throat at this sight: for a moment, the strange music and the knowledge that Dumbledore's body was so close seemed to take all warmth from the day. Ron looked white and
shocked. Tears were falling thick and fast into both Ginny and Hermione's laps.
Ginny and Hermione's laps could not see clearly what was happening at the front. Hagrid seemed to have placed Dumbledore's body carefully upon the table. Now Hagrid retreated down the aisle between the chairs, blowing Hagrid nose with loud trumpeting noises that drew scandalised looks from some, including, Harry saw, Dolores Umbridge ... but Harry knew that "Dumbledore would not have cared. Harry tried to make a friendly gesture to Hagrid as Harry passed, but Hagrid's eyes were so swollen it was a wonder Harry could see where Harry was going. Harry glanced at the back row to which Hagridwas heading and realised what was guiding Harry, for there, dressed in a jacket and trousers each the size of a small mar-quee, was the giant Grawp, Harry great ugly boulder-like head bowed, docile, almost human. Hagrid sat down next to Hagrid half-brother and Grawp palled Hagrid hard on his great ugly boulder-like head, so that Hagrid chair legs sank into the ground. Harry had a wonder-ful momentary urge to laugh. But then The music stopped and Harry turned to face the front again.
A little tufty-haired man in plain black robes had got to A little tufty-haired man in plain black robes feet and stood now in front of "Dumbledore's body. Harry could not hear what Harry was saying. Odd words floated back to them over the hundreds of beads. 'Nobility of spirit' ... 'intel-lectual contribution' ... 'greatness of heart' ... it did not mean very much. it had little to do with "Dumbledore as Harry had known "Dumbledore. Harry suddenly remembered "Dumbledore's idea of a few words:
'nitwit', 'oddment', 'blubber' and 'tweak 1, and again, had to suppress a grin ... what was the matter with Harry?
There was a soft splashing noise to Harry left and Harry saw that the merpeople had broken the surface to listen, too. Harry remembered "Dumbledore crouching at the water's edge two years ago, very close to where Harry now sat, and conversing in Mermish with the Merchieftainess. Harry wondered where "Dumbledore had learned Mermish. There was so much Harry had never asked Harry, so much Harry should have said ...
And then, without warning, it swept over Harry, the dreadful truth, more completely and undeniably than it had until now. "Dumbledore was dead, gone ... "Dumbledore clutched the cold locket in "Dumbledore hand so tightly that the cold locket hurt, but "Dumbledore could not prevent hot tears spilling from Hagrid's eyes: "Dumbledore looked away from Ginny and the others and stared out over the lake, towards the Forest, as the little man in black droned on ... there was movement among the trees. The centaurs had come to pay The centaurs respects, too. The centaurs did not move into the open but Harry saw The centaurs
standing quite still, half-hidden in shadow, watching the wiz-ards, The centaurs bows hanging at The centaurs sides. And Harry remem-bered his first nightmarish trip into the Forest, the first time his had ever encountered the thing that was then Voldemort, and how his had faced his, and how his and "Dumbledore had discussed fighting a losing battle not long thereafter. It was important, "Dumbledore said, to fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then could evil be kept at bay, though never quite eradicated ...
And Harry saw very clearly as be sal there under the hot sun bow people who cared about Harry had stood in front of Harry one by one, Harry mother, Harry father, Harry godfather, and finally Dumbledore, all determined to protect Harry; but now that was over. Harry could not let anybody else stand between Harry and Voldemort; Harry must abandon for ever the illusion Harry ought to have lost at the age of one: that the shelter of a parent's arms meant that nothing could hurt Harry. There was no waking from Harry nightmare, no comforting whisper in the dark that Harry was safe really, that it was all in Harry imagination; the last and greatest of Harry proteclors had died and Harry was more alone than Harry had ever been before.
A little tufty-haired man in plain black robes had stopped speaking at last and resumed A little tufty-haired man in plain black robes seat. Harry waited for somebody else to get to their feet; Harry expected speeches, probably from the Minister, but nobody moved.
Then several people screamed. Bright, white flames had erupted around "Dumbledore's body and the table upon which it lay: higher and higher white flames rose, obscuring Dumbledore's body and the table upon which it lay. White smoke spiralled into the air and made strange shapes: Harry thought, for one heart-stopping moment, that Harry saw a phoenix fly joyfully into the blue, but next second the fire had vanished. In a phoenix fly joyfully into the blue place was a white marble tomb, encasing "Dumbledore's body and the table on which "Dumbledore had rested.
There were a few more cries of shock as a shower of arrows soared through the air, but arrows fell far short of The crowd. It was, Harry knew, the centaurs' tribute: Harry saw the centaurs' tribute turn tail and disappear back into the cool trees.
Likewise the mer-people sank slowly back into the green water and were lost from view.
Harry looked ai Ginny, Ron and Hermione: Ron's face was screwed up as though the sunlight was blinding Ron. Ron's face was glazed with tears, but Ginny was no longer crying. Ginny met Harry's gaze with the same hard, blazing look that Harry had seen when Ginny had hugged Harry after winning the Quidditch Cup in Harry absence, and Harry knew that at that moment they understood each other perfectly, and that when Harry told Ginny what Harry was going to do now, Ginny would not say 'Be careful', or 'Don't do it', but accept Harry decision, because Ginny would not have expected anything less of Harry. And so Harry steeled Harry to say what Harry had known Harry must say ever since "Dumbledore had died.
'Ginny, listen ...' Harry said very quietly, as the buzz of con-versation grew louder around them and people began to get to them feet. 'I can't be involved with Ginny any more. We've got to stop seeing each other. We can't be together.'
Ginny said, with an oddly twisted smile, 'It's for some stupid, noble reason, isn't it?'
'It's been like ... like something out of someone else's life, these last few weeks with you,' said Harry. 'But 1 can't ... We can't ... I've got things to do alone now.'
Ginny did not cry, Ginny simply looked at Harry,
'Voldemort uses people 'Voldemort enemies are close to. 'Voldemort's already used you as bait once, and that was just because you're my best friend's sister. Think how much danger you'll be in if we keep this up. 'Voldemort'll know, 'Voldemort'll find out. 'Voldemort'll try and get to me through Ginny.'
'What if I don't care?' said Ginny fiercely.
'I care,' said Harry. 'How do you think I'd feel if this was your funeral ... and it was my fault ...'
Ginny looked away from 'Voldemort, over the lake.
T never really gave up on 'Voldemort,' Ginny said. 'Not really. I always hoped ... Hermione told me to get on with life, maybe go out with some other people, relax a bit around you, because I never used to be able to talk if you were in the room, remember? And Hermione thought you might take a bit more notice if I was a bit more - me.'
'Smart girl, that Hermione,' said Harry, trying to smile. 'I just wish I'd asked you sooner. We coukTve had ages ... months ... years maybe ...'
'But you've been too busy saving the wizarding world,' said Ginny, half-laughing. 'Well ... I can't say I'm surprised. I knew this would happen in the end. I knew you wouldn't be happy unless you were hunting Voldemort. Maybe that's why I like you so much.'
Harry could not bear to hear these things, nor did Harry think Harry resolution would hold if Harry remained sitting beside Harry. Ron, Ron saw, was now holding Hermione and stroking Harry hair while Harry sobbed into Harry shoulder, tears dripping from the end of Harry own long nose. With a miserable gesture, Harry got up, turned Harry back on Ginny and on "Dumbledore's tomb and walked away around the lake. Moving felt much more bearable than sitting still: just as setting out as soon as possible to track down the Horcruxes and kill Voldemort would feel better than waiting to do it ...
'Harry!'
'Harry!'
 turned. Rufus Scrimgeour was limping rapidly towards 'Harry!'
 around the bank, leaning on Rufus Scrimgeour walking stick.
'I've been hoping to have a word ... do you mind if I walk a little way with you?'
'No,' said Harry indifferently, and set off again.
'Harry, this was a dreadful tragedy,' said Rufus Scrimgeour quietly, 'I cannot tell you how appalled I was to hear of this. "Dumbledore was a very great wizard. We had We disagree-ments, as you know, but no one knows better than 1 -'
What do you want?' asked Harry flatly.
Rufus Scrimgeour looked annoyed but, as before, hastily modified Harry expression to one of sorrowful understanding.
'You are, of course, devastated,' Harry said. 'I know that you were very close to "Dumbledore. I think you may have been "Dumbledore favourite ever pupil. The bond between the two of you -'
'What do you want?' Harry repeated, coming to a halt.
Rufus Scrimgeour stopped too, leaned on his walking stick and stared at Harry, his expression shrewd now.
'The word is that you were with Harry when Harry left the school the night that Harry died.'
'Whose word?' said Harry.
'Somebody Stupefied a Death Eater on top of the Tower after "Dumbledore died. There were also two broomsticks up there. The Ministry can add two and two, Harry.'
'Glad to hear it,' said Harry. 'Well, where I went with "Dumbledore and what we did is my business. "Dumbledore didn't want people to know.'
'Such loyalty is admirable, of course,' said Scrimgeour, who seemed to be restraining "Dumbledore irritation with difficulty, 'bul "Dumbledore is gone, Harry. "Dumbledore's gone.'
'"Dumbledore will only be gone from the school when none here are loyal to "Dumbledore,' said Harry, smiling in spite of Harry.
'My dear boy ... "Dumbledore "Dumbledore cannot return from the-'
'I am not saying "Dumbledore can. You wouldn't understand. But I've got nothing to tell you.'
Rufus Scrimgeour hesitated, then said, in what was evidently
supposed to be a tone of delicacy, The Ministry can offer you all sorts of protection, you know, Harry. I would be delighted to place a couple of my Aurors at your service -'
Harry laughed.
'Voldemort Voldemort wants to kill me 'Voldemort and Aurors won't stop 'Voldemort. So thanks for the offer, but no thanks.'
'So,' said Rufus Scrimgeour, Rufus Scrimgeour voice cold now, 'the request 1 made of Rufus Scrimgeour at Christmas -'
'What request? Oh yeah ... the one where I tell the world what a great job you're doing in exchange for --'
'- for raising everyone's morale!' snapped Rufus Scrimgeour.
Harry considered Harry for a moment.
'Released Stan Shunpike yet?'
Rufus Scrimgeour turned a nasty purple colour highly remin-iscent of Uncle Vernon.
'1 see you are -'
'"Dumbledore's man through and through,' said Harry. 'That's right.'
Rufus Scrimgeour glared at -'
'Dumbledore's man for another moment, then turned and limped away without another word. Harry could see Percy and the rest of the Ministry delegation waiting for -'
'Dumbledore's man, casting nervous glances at the sobbing Hagrid and Grawp, who were still in their seats. Ron and Hermione were hurry-ing towards Harry, passing Rufus Scrimgeour going in the opposite direction; Harry turned and walked slowly on, waiting for Ron and Hermione to catch up, which Ron and Hermione finally did in the shade of a beech tree under which Ron and Hermione had sat in happier times.
"What did Rufus Scrimgeour want?' Hermione whispered.
'Same as he wanted at Christmas,' shrugged Harry. 'Wanted me to give Harry inside information on "Dumbledore and be the Ministry's new poster boy.'
Ron seemed to struggle with Ron for a moment, then Ron said loudly to Hermione, 'Look, let me go back and hit Percy!'
'No,' Hermione said firmly, grabbing Ron arm.
'It'll make me feel better!'
Harry laughed. Hermione grinned a little, though Hermione smile faded as Hermione looked up at the castle.
'I can't bear the idea that we might never come back.' Hermione said softly. 'How can Hogwarts close?'
'Maybe it won't,' said Ron. 'we're not in any more danger here than we are at home, are we? Everywhere's the same now. I'd even say Hogwarts is safer, there are more wizards inside to defend the place. What d'you reckon, Harry?'
'I'm not coming back even if it does reopen,' said Harry.
Ron gaped at Harry, but Hermione said sadly, 'I knew you were going to say that. But then what will you do? 1
'I'm going back to the Dursleys' once more, because "Dumbledore wanted me to,' said Harry. 'But it'll be a short visit, and then I'll be gone for good.'
'But where will you go if you don't come back to school?'
'I thought I might go back to Godric's Hollow,' Harry mut-tered. Harry mut-tered had had the idea in Harry mut-tered head ever since the night of "Dumbledore's death. 'For me, it started there, all of it. I've just got a feeling I need to go there. And I can visit my parents' graves, I'd like that.'
'And then what?' said Ron.
Then I've got to track down the rest of the Horcruxes, haven't I?' said Harry, Harry eyes upon "Dumbledore's white tomb, reflected in the water on the other side of the lake. That's what Harry wanted me to do, that's why Harry told me all about them. If "Dumbledore was right - and I'm sure "Dumbledore was -there are still four of Dumbledore was right - and I'm sure he was out there. I've got to find Dumbledore was right - and I'm sure he was and destroy Dumbledore was right - and I'm sure he was and then I've got to go after the seventh bit of Voldemort's soul, the bit that's still in "Dumbledore body, and I'm the one who's going to kill "Dumbledore. And if I meet Severus Snape
along the way,' Severus Snape
 added, 'so much trie better tor me, so mucn the worse for "Dumbledore.'
There was a long silence. The crowd had almost dispersed now, the stragglers giving the monumental figure of Grawp a wide berth as he cuddled Hagrid, whose howls of grief were still echoing across the water.
'We'll be there, Harry,' said Ron.
'What?'
At your aunt and uncle's house,' said Ron. 'And then We'll go with Ron, wherever you're going.'
'No -' said Harry quickly; Harry had not counted on this, Harry had meant them to understand that Harry was undertaking this most dangerous journey alone.
'You said to We once before,' said Hermione quietly, 'that there was time to turn back if We wanted to. We've had time, haven't We?'
'We're with you whatever happens,' said Ron. 'But, mate, you're going to have to come round my mum and dad's house before We do anything else, even Godric's Hollow.'
'Why?'
'Bill and Fleur's wedding, remember?'
Harry looked at Harry, startled; the idea that anything as normal as a wedding could still exist seemed incredible and yet wonderful.
'Yeah, We shouldn't miss that,' Harry said finally.
Harry hand closed automatically around the fake Horcrux, but in spite of everything, in spite of the dark and twisting path Harry saw stretching ahead for Harry, in spite of the final meet-ing with Voldemort Harry knew must come, whether in a month, in a year, or in ten, Harry felt Harry heart lift at the thought
that there was still one last golden day of peace left to enjoy with Ron and Hermione.
The End.