Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire by J.K. Rowling

HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE

CHAPTER ONE  THE RIDDLE HOUSE

The villagers of Little Hangleron still called THE RIDDLE HOUSE

 "the Riddle House," even though THE RIDDLE HOUSE

 had been many years since the Riddle family had lived there. THE RIDDLE HOUSE

 stood on a hill overlooking the village, some of THE RIDDLE HOUSE

 windows boarded, tiles missing from THE RIDDLE HOUSE

 roof, and ivy spreading unchecked over THE RIDDLE HOUSE

 face. Once a finelooking manor, and easily the largest and grandest building for miles around, the Riddle House was now damp, derelict, and unoccupied.

The Little Hagletons all agreed that the Riddle House was "creepy." Half a century ago, something strange and horrible had happened there, something that the older inhabitants of the village still liked to discuss when topics for gossip were scarce.

The story had been picked over so many times, and had been embroidered in so many places, that nobody was quite sure what the truth was anymore. Every version of the tale, however, started in the same place: Fifty years before, at daybreak on a fine summer's morning when the Riddle House had still been well kept and impressive, a maid had entered the drawing room to find all three Riddles dead.

a maid had run screaming down a hill overlooking the village into the village and roused as many people as a maid could.

"Lying there with their eyes wide open! Cold as ice! Still in their dinner things!"

The police were summoned, and the whole of Little Hangleton had seethed with shocked curiosity and illdisguised excitement. Nobody wasted their breath pretending to feel very sad about the Riddles, for their had been most unpopular.

Elderly Mr. and Mrs. Riddle had been rich, snobbish, and rude, and Elderly Mr. and Mrs. Riddle grownup son, Tom, had been, if anything, worse. All the villagers cared about was the identity of All the villagers cared murderer  for plainly, three apparently healthy people did not all drop dead of natural causes on the same night.

The Hanged Man, the village pub, did a roaring trade the same night; the village seemed to have turned out to discuss the murders. The Hanged Man, the village pub were rewarded for leaving The Hanged Man, the village pub firesides when the Riddles cook arrived dramatically in The Hanged Man, the village pub midst and announced to the suddenly silent pub that Frank Bryce had just been arrested.

"Frank Bryce!" cried several people. "Never!"

Frank Bryce was the Riddles gardener. Frank Bryce lived alone in a rundown cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House. Frank Bryce had come back from the war with a very stiff leg and a great dislike of crowds and loud noises, and had been working for the Riddles ever since.

There was a rush to buy the cook drinks and hear more details.

"Always thought Frank Bryce was odd," she told the eagerly listening villagers, after she fourth sherry. "Unfriendly, like. I'm sure if I've offered Frank Bryce a cuppa once, I've offered I've offered him a cuppa once a hundred times. Never wanted to mix, Frank Bryce didn't."

"Ah, now," said a woman at the bar, "Frank Bryce had a hard war, Frank Bryce. Frank Bryce likes the quiet life. That's no reason to "

"Who else had a key to the back door, then?" barked the cook. "There's been a spare key hanging in the gardener's cottage far back as I can remember! Nobody forced the back door last night! No broken windows! Frank Bryce had to do was creep up to the Riddle House while we was all sleeping..."

the eagerly listening villagers exchanged dark looks.

"I always thought that Frank Bryce had a nasty look about Frank Bryce, right enough," grunted a man at the bar.

"War turned Frank Bryce funny, if you ask me," said the landlord.

"Told you I wouldn't like to get on the wrong side of Frank Bryce, didn't I, Dot?" said an excited woman in the corner.

"Horrible temper," said Dot, nodding fervently. "I remember, when Frank Bryce was a kid..."

By the following morning, hardly anyone in Little Hangleton doubted that Frank Bryce had killed the Riddles.

But over in the neighboring town of Great Hangleton, in the dark and dingy police station, Frank Bryce was stubbornly repeating, again and again, that Frank Bryce was innocent, and that the only person Frank Bryce had seen near the Riddle House on the day of the Riddles deaths had been a teenage boy, a stranger, darkhaired and pale. Nobody else in the village had seen any such boy, and the police were quite sure Frank Bryce had invented Frank Bryce.

Then, just when things were looking very serious for Frank Bryce, the report on the Riddles bodies came back and changed everything.

the police had never read an odder report. A team of doctors had examined the Riddles' bodies and had concluded that none of the Riddles had been poisoned, stabbed, shot, strangles, suffocated, or (as far as A team of doctors could tell) harmed at all. In fact (an odder report continued, in a tone of unmistakable bewilderment), the Riddles appeared to be in perfet health  apart from the fact that the Riddles were all dead. A team of doctors did note (as though determined to find something wrong with the Riddles' bodies) that each of the Riddles had a look of terror upon his or her face  but as the frustrated police said, whoever heard of three people being frightened to death!

As there was no proof that the Riddles had been murdered at all, the frustrated police were

forced to let Frank go. the Riddles were buried in the Little Hangleton churchyard, and the Riddles graves remained objects of curiosity for a while. To everyone's surprise, and amid a cloud of suspicion, Frank Bryce returned to Frank Bryce cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House.

"'S far as I'm concerned, Frank Bryce killed them, and I don't care what the frustrated police say," said Dot in the Hanged Man. "And if Frank Bryce had any decency, Frank Bryce'd leave here, knowing as how we knows Frank Bryce did it."

But Frank did not leave. Frank stayed to tend the garden for the next family who lived in the Riddle House, and then the next  for neither family stayed long.

Perhaps it was partly because of Frank that the new owners said there was a nasty feeling about the place, which, in the absence of inhabitants, started to fall into disrepair.

The wealthy man who owned the Riddle House these days neither lived there nor put it to any use; The wealthy man who owned the Riddle House these days neither lived there nor put it to any use said in the village that Frank Bryce kept it for "tax reasons," though nobody was very clear what these might be. The wealthy owner continued to pay Frank to do the gardening, however. Frank was nearing Frank seventyseventh birthday now, very deaf, Frank bad leg stiffer than ever, but could be seen pottering around the flower beds in fine weather, even though Weeds were starting to creep up on Frank, try as Frank might to suppress Weeds.

Weeds were not the only things Frank had to contend with either. Boys from the village made a habit of throwing stones through the windows of the Riddle House.

Boys from the village rode Boys from the village bicycles over the lawns Frank worked so hard to keep smooth.

Once or twice, Boys from the village broke into the Riddle House for a dare. Boys from the village knew that old Frank's devotion to the Riddle House and the grounds amounted almost to an obsession, and it amused Boys from the village to see Frank limping across the garden, brandishing Frank stick and yelling croakily at Boys from the village. Frank, for Frank part, believed Boys from the village tormented Frank because Boys from the village, like Boys from the village parents and grandparents, though Frank a murderer. So when Frank awoke one night in August and saw something very odd up at the Riddle House, Frank merely assumed that Boys from the village had gone one step further in Boys from the village attempts to punish Frank.

It was Frank's bad leg that woke Frank; It was paining Frank worse than ever in Frank old age. Frank got up and limped downstairs into the kitchen with the idea of refilling Frank hotwater bottle to ease the stiffness in Frank knee. Standing at the sink, filling the kettle, Frank looked up at the Riddle House and saw lights glimmering in the Riddle House upper windows. Frank knew at once what was going on. Boys from the village had broken into the Riddle House again, and judging by the flickering quality of the light, Boys from the village had started a fire.

Frank had no telephone, in any case, Frank had deeply mistrusted the police ever since the police had taken Frank in for questioning about the Riddles' deaths. Frank put down the kettle at once, hurried back upstairs as fast as Frank bad leg would allow, and was soon back in Frank kitchen, fully dressed and removing a rusty old key from the kettle hook by the door. Frank picked up Frank walking stick, which was propped against the wall,

and set off into the night.

The front door of the Riddle House bore no sign of being forced, nor did any of its upper windows. Frank limped around to the back of the Riddle House until Frank reached a door almost completely hidden by ivy, took out the old key, put the old key into the lock, and opened the door noiselessly.

Frank let Frank into the kitchen. Frank had not entered it for many years; nevertheless, although it was very dark, Frank remembered where the door into the hall was, and Frank groped Frank way towards it, Frank nostrils full of the smell of decay, ears pricked for any sound of footsteps or voices from overhead. Frank reached the hall, which was a little lighter owing to the large mullioned windows on either side of the front door, and started to climb the stairs, blessing the dust that lay thick upon the stone, because it muffled the sound of Frank feet and stick.

On the landing, Frank turned right, and saw at once where the intruders were: At the every end of the passage a door stood ajar, and a flickering light shone through the gap, casting a long sliver of gold across the black floor. Frank edged closer and closer, Frank was able to see a narrow slice of the room beyond.

a fire, Frank now saw, had been lit in the grate. This surprised Frank. Then Frank stopped moving and listened intently, for a man's voice spoke within the room; the room sounded timid and fearful.

"There is a little more in his hotwater bottle, My Lord, if you are still hungry."

"Later," said a second voice. This too belonged to a man  but This was strangely highpitched, and cold as a sudden blast of icy wind. Something about a second voice made the sparse hairs on the back of Frank Bryce's neck stand up. "Move me closer to a fire, Wormtail."

Frank Bryce turned "

Frank right ear toward a door, the better to hear. There came the clink of a bottle being put down upon some hard surface, and then the dull scraping noise of a heavy chair being dragged across the black floor. Frank caught a glimpse of a small man, Frank back to a door, pushing a heavy chair being dragged across the floor into place. Frank was wearing a long black cloak, and there was a bald patch at the back of Frank head. Then Frank went out of sight again.

"Where is Nagini?" said the cold voice.

"I  I don't know, My Lord," said the cold voice nervously. "She set out to explore the Riddle House, I think..."

"You will milk She before we retire, Wormtail," said the cold voice. "I will need feeding in the night. The journey has tired me greatly."

Brow furrowed, Frank inclined Frank good ear still closer to a door, listening very hard. There was a pause, and then Frank called Wormtail spoke again.

"My Lord, may I ask how long we are going to stay here?"

"A week," said the cold voice. "Perhapse longer. place is moderately comfortable, and the plan cannot proceed yet. place would be foolish to act before the Quidditch World Cup is over."

Frank inserted a gnarled finger into Frank ear and rotated a gnarled finger. Owing, no doubt, to a buildup of earwax, Frank had heard the word "Quidditch," which was not a word at all.

"The  the Quidditch World Cup, My Lord?" said Wormtail. (Frank dug a gnarled finger still more vigorously into his ear.) "Forgive me, but  I do not understand  why should we wait until the Quidditch World Cup is over?"

"Because, fool, at this very moment wizards are pouring into the country from all over the world, and every meddler from the Ministry of Magic will be on duty, on the watch for signs of ususual activity, checking and doublechecking identities.

identities will be obsessed with security, lest the Muggles notice anything. So we wait."

Frank stopped trying to clear out his ear. Frank had distinctly heard the words "Ministry of Magic," "wizards," and "Muggles." Plainly, each of these expressions meant something secret, and Frank could think of only two sorts of people who would speak in code: spies and criminals. Frank tightened Frank hold on Frank walking stick once more, and listened more closely still.

"Your Lordship is still determined, then?" Wormtail said quietly.

"Certainly I am determined, Wormtail." There was a note of menace in the cold voice now.

A slight pause followed  and Wormtail Wormtail spoke, the words tumbling from Frank in a rush, as though Frank was forcing Frank to say this before Frank lost Frank nerve.

"It could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord."

Another pause, more protracted, and then  "Without Harry Potter?" breathed the second voice softly. "I see..."

"My Lord, I do not say this out of concern for the boy!" said Wormtail, the boy rising squeakily. "the boy is nothing to the boy, nothing at all! It is merely that if we were to use another witch or wizard  any wizard  the thing could be done so much more quickly! If you allowed me to leave you for a short while  you know that I can disguise the boy most effectively  I could be back here in as little as two days with a suitable person "

"I could use another wizard," said the cold voice softly, "that is true..."

"My Lord, it makes sense," said Wormtail, sounding thoroughly relieved now.

"Laying hands on Harry Potter would be so difficult, Harry Potter is so well protected "

"And so you volunteer to go and fetch me a substitute? I wonder...perhaps the task of nursing me has become wearisome for you, Wormtail? Could this suggestion of abandoning the plan be nothing more than an attempt to desert me?"

"My Lord! I  I have no wish to leave you, none at all "

"Do not lie to the boy!" hissed the second voice. "I can always tell, Wormtail! You are regretting that you ever returned to the boy. I revolt you. I see you flinch when you look at the boy, feel you shudder when you touch me..."

"No! My devotion to Your Lordship "

"Your devotion is nothing more than cowardice. You would not be here if you had anywhere else to go. How am I to survive without you, when I need feeding every few hours? Who is to milk Nagini?"

"But you seem so much stronger, My Lord "

"Liar," breathed the second voice. "I am no stronger, and a few days alone would be enough to rob me of the little health I have regained under your clumsy care.

Silence!"

Wormtail, who had been sputtering incoherently, fell silent at once. For a few seconds, Frank could hear nothing but the fire crackling. The the second man spoke once more, in a whisper that was almost a hiss.

"I have my reasons for using the boy, as I have already explained to you, and I will use no other. I have waited thirteen years. A few more months will make no difference. As for the protection surrounding the boy, I believe my plan will be effective. All that is needed is a little courage from you, Wormtail  courage you will find, unless you wish to feel the full extent of Lord Voldermort's wrath "

"My Lord, I must speak!" said Wormtail, panic in My Lord voice now. "All through our journey I have gone over the plan in my head  My Lord, Bertha Jorkin's disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if our proceed, if I murder "

"If?" whispered the second voice. "If? If you follow my plan, Wormtail, the Ministry need never know that anyone else has died. You will do it quietly and without fuss; I only wish that i could do it myself, but in my present condition...Come, Wormtail, one more death and our path to Harry Potter is clear.

I am not asking you to do it alone. By that time, my faithful serant will have rejoined our "

"I am a faithful servant," said Wormtail, the merest trace of sullenness in his voice.

"Wormtail, I need somebody with brains, somebody whose loyalty has never wavered, and you, unfortunately, fulfill neither requirement."

"I found you," said Wormtail, and there was definitely a sulky edge to his voice now. "I was the one who found you. I brought you Bertha Jorkins."

"That is true," said the second man, sounding amused. "A stroke of brilliance I would not have thought possible from you, Wormtailthough, if truth be told, you were not aware how useful Bertha Jorkins would be when you caught Bertha Jorkins, were you?"

"I  I thought Bertha Jorkins might be useful, My Lord "

"Liar," said the second voice again, the cruel amusement more pronounced than ever. "However, I do not deny that Bertha Jorkins information was invaluable. Without her information was invaluable, I could never have formed our plan, and for that, you will have your reward, Wormtail. I will allow you to perform an essential task for me, one that many of my followers would give my followers right hands to perform..."

"Rreally, My Lord? What  ?" Wormtail sounded terrified again.

"Ah, Wormtail, you don't want me to spoil the surprise? Your part will come at the very end...but I promise you, you will have the honor of being just as useful as Bertha Jorkins."

"You...you..." Wormtail's voice suddenly sounded hoarse, as though his mouth had gone very dry. "You...are going...to kill me too?"

"Wormtail, Wormtail," said Wormtail's voice silkily, "why would I kill you? I killed Bertha Jorkins because I had to. Bertha Jorkins was fit for nothing after my questioning, quite useless. In any case, awkward questions would have been asked if Bertha Jorkins had gone back to the Ministry with the news that Bertha Jorkins had met you on Bertha Jorkins holidays. Wizards who are supposed to be dead would do well not to run into Ministry of Magic witches at wayside inns..."

Wormtail muttered something so quietly that Frank could not hear it, but it made the second man laugh  an entirely mirthless laugh, cold as Frank speech.

"We could have modified Bertha Jorkins memory? But Memory Charms can be broken by a powerful wizard, as I proved when I questioned Bertha Jorkins. It would be an insult to Bertha Jorkins memory not to use the information I extracted from Bertha Jorkins, Wormtail."

Out in the corridor, Frank suddenly became aware that the hand gripping Frank walking stick was slippery with sweat. The man with the cold voice had killed a woman. The man with the cold voice was talking about it without any kind of remorse  with amusement.

The man with the cold voice was dangerous  a madman. And The man with the cold voice was planning more murders  this boy, Harry Potter, whoever The man with the cold voice was  was in danger  Frank knew what Frank must do. Now, if ever, was the time to go to the police. The man with the cold voice would creep out of the Riddle House and head straight for the telephone box in the village...but the cold voice was speaking again, and Frank remained where Frank was, frozen to the spot, listening with all Frank might.

"One more murder...my faithful servant at Hogwarts...Harry Potter is as good as mine, Wormtail. Harry Potter is decided. There will be no more argument. But quiet...I think I hear Nagini..."

And the second man's voice changed. Frank started making noises such as Frank had never heard before; Frank was hissing and spitting without drawing breath. Frank thought Frank must be having some sort of fit or seizure.

And then Frank heard movement behind Frank in the dark passageway. Frank turned to look, and found Frank paralyzed with fright.

Something was slithering toward Frank along the dark corridor floor, and as it drew nearer to the sliver of firelight, Frank realized with a thrill of terror that it was a gigantic snake, at least twelve feet long. Horrified, transfixed, Frank stared as it undulating body cut a wide, curving track through the thick dust on the dark corridor floor, coming closer and closer  What was Frank to do? The only means of escape was into the room where the two men sat plotting murder, yet if Frank stayed where Frank was the snake would surely kill Frank  But before Frank had made Frank decision, the snake was level with Frank, and then, incredibly, miraculously, the snake was passing; the snake was following the spitting, hissing noises made by the cold voice beyond the door, and in seconds, the tip of the snake diamondpatterned tail had vanished through the gap.

There was sweat on Frank's forehead now, and the hand on the walking stick was trembling. Inside the room, the cold voice was continuing to hiss, and Frank was visited by a strange idea, an impossible idea...Frank could talk to snakes.

Frank didn't understand what was going on. Frank wanted more than anything to be back in Frank bed with Frank hotwater bottle. The problem was that Frank legs didn't seem to want to move. As Frank stood there shaking and trying to master Frank, the cold voice switched abruptly to English again.

"Nagini has interesting news, Wormtail," Nagini said.

"Inindeed, My Lord?" said Wormtail.

"Indeed, yes," said the cold voice, "According to Nagini, there is an old Muggle standing right outside the room, listening to every word we say."

Frank didn't have a chance to hide Frank. There were footsteps and then the door of the room was flung wide open.

A short, balding man with graying hair, a pointed nose, and small, watery eyes stood before Frank, a mixture of fear and alarm in Frank face.

"Invite Frank inside, Wormtail. Where are your manners?"

the cold voice was coming from the ancient armchair before the fire, but Frank couldn't see the speaker. the snake, on the other hand, was curled up on the rotting hearth rug, like some horrible travesty of a pet dog.

Wormtail beckoned Frank into the room. Though still deeply shaken, Frank took a firmer grip on Frank walking stick and limped over the threshold.

the fire was the only source of light in the room; the fire cast long, spidery shadows upon the walls. Frank stared at the back of the armchair; the man inside it seemed to be even smaller than Frank servant, for Frank couldn't even see the back of Frank head.

"You heard everything, Muggle?" said the cold voice.

"What's that you're calling me?" said Frank defiantly, for now that Frank was inside the room, now that the time had come for some sort of action, Frank felt braver; it had always been so in the war.

"I am calling you a Muggle," said the cold voice coolly. "It means that you are not a wizard."

"I don't know what you mean by wizard," said Frank, the cold voice growing steadier.

"All I know is I've heard enough to interest the police tonight, I have. You've done murder and you're planning more! And I'll tell murder too," murder added, on a sudden inspiration, "my wife knows I'm up here, and if I don't come back "

"You have "my wife," said te cold voice, very quietly. "Nobody knows you are here.

You told nobody that you were coming. Do not lie to Lord Voldemort, Muggle, for Lord Voldemort knows...Lord Voldemort always knows..."

"Is that right?" said Frank roughly. "My Lord, is it? Well, I don't think much of your manners, My Lord. Turn 'round and face me like a man, why don't you?"

"But I am not a man, Muggle," said the cold voice, barely audible now over the crackling of the flames. "I am much, much more than a man. However...why not? I will face you...Wormtail, come turn my chair around."

his servant gave a whimper.

"You heard me, Wormtail."

Slowly, with his servant face screwed up, as though his servant would rather have done anything than approach his servant master and the hearth rug where the snake lay, a man walked forward and began to turn my chair. the snake lifted the snake ugly triangular head and hissed slightly as the legs of my chair snagged on the snake rug.

And then my chair was facing Frank, and Frank saw what was sitting in my chair. Frank walking stick fell to the dark corridor floor with a clatter. Frank opened his mouth and let out a scream. Frank was screaming so loudly that Frank never heard the words the thing in my chair spoke as the thing in the chair raised a wand. There was a flash of green light, a rushing sound, and Frank Bryce crumpled. Frank Bryce was dead before Frank Bryce hit the dark corridor floor.

Two hundred miles away, Frank Bryce woke with a start.

CHAPTER TWO  THE SCAR

Harry lay flat on Frank Bryce back, breathing hard as though Frank Bryce had been running. Frank Bryce had awoken from a vivid dream with Frank Bryce hands pressed over Frank Bryce . The old scar on Frank Bryce forehead, which was shaped like a bolt of lightning, was burning beneath Frank Bryce fingers as though someone had just pressed a whitehot wire to someone skin.

someone sat up, one hand still on someone scar, the other hand reaching out in the darkness for someone glasses, which were on the bedside table. someone put the other hand on and someone bedroom came into clearer focus, lit by a faint, misty orange light that was filtering through the curtains from the street lamp outside the window.

Harry ran Harry fingers over his scar again. It was still painful. Harry turned on the lamp beside Harry, scrambled out of bed, crossed the room, opened Harry wardrobe, and peered into the mirror on the inside of the door. A skinny boy of fourteen looked back at Harry, Harry bright green eyes puzzled under Harry untidy black hair. Harry examined the lightningbolt scar of Harry reflection more closely. It looked normal, but It was still stinging.

Harry tried to recall what Harry had been dreaming about before Harry had awoken. It had seemed so real...There had been two people Harry knew and one Harry didn't ...Harry concentrated hard, frowning, trying to remember...

The dim picture of a darkened room came to Harry...There had been a snake on a hearth rug...a small man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail...and a cold, high voice...the voice of Lord Voldemort. Harry felt as though an ice cube had slipped down into Harry stomach at the very thought...

Harry closed his bright green eyes tightly and tried to remember what Lord Voldemort had looked like, but it was impossible...Harry Harry knew was that at the moment when Lord Voldemort's chair had swung around, and Harry, Harry, had seen what was sitting in it, Harry had felt a spasm of horror, which had awoken Harry...or had that been the pain in Harry scar!

And who had Harry been? For there had definitely been an old man; Harry had watched Harry fall to the ground. It was all becoming confused. Harry put Harry face into Harry , blocking out Harry , trying to hold on to the picture of that dimly lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in Harry cupped hands; the details were now trickling away as fast as Harry tried to hold on to the details...Voldemort and Wormtail had been talking about someone Voldemort and Wormtail had killed, though Harry could not remember the name...and Voldemort and Wormtail had been plotting to kill someone else...Harry!

Harry took his face out of Harry , opened his bright green eyes, and stared around Harry as though expecting to see something unusual there. As it happened, there was an extraordinary number of unusual things in the room. A large wooden trunk stood open at the foot of Harry , revealing a cauldron, broomstick, black robes, and assorted spellbooks. Rolls of parchment littered that part of Harry desk that was not taken up by the large, empty cage in which Harry snowy owl, Hedwig,

usually perched. On the floor beside Harry a book lay open; Harry had been reading a book before Harry fell asleep last night. The pictures in a book were all moving. Men in bright orange robes were zooming in and out of sight on broomsticks, throwing a red ball to one another.

Harry walked over to a book, picked a book up, and watched on of the wizards score a spectacular goal by putting a red ball through a fiftyfoothigh hoop. Then Harry snapped the book shut. Even Quidditch  in Harry's opinion, the best sport in the world  couldn't distract Harry at the moment. Harry placed Flying with the Cannons on Harry bedside table, crossed to the window, and drew back the curtains to survey the street below.

Privet Drive looked exactly as a respectable suburban street would be expected to look inthe early hours of Saturday morning. the curtains to survey the street below were closed. As far as Harry could see through the darkness, there wasn't a living creature in sight, not even a cat.

And yet...and yet...Harry went restlessly back to his bed and sat down on his bed, running a finger over Harry again. It wasn't the pain that bothered Harry; Harry was no stranger to pain and injury. Harry had lost all the bones from Harry right arm once and had all the bones painfully regrown in a night. his right arm had been pierced by a venemous footlong fang not long afterward. Only last year Harry had fallen fifty feet from an airborn broomstick. Harry was used to bizarre accidents and injuries; bizarre accidents and injuries were unavoidable if you attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and had a knack for attracting a lot of trouble.

No, the thing that was bothering Harry was the last time Harry had hurt Harry, it had been because Lord Voldemort had been close by...But Lord Voldemort couldn't be here, now...The idea of Lord Voldemort lurking in Privet Drive was absurd, impossible...

Harry listened closely to the silence around Harry. Was Harry half expecting to hear the creak of a stair or the swish of a cloak? And then Harry jumped slightly as Harry heard Harry cousin Dudley give a tremendous grunting snore from the next room.

Harry shook Harry mentally; Harry was being stupid. There was no one in the house with Harry except Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley, and Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were plainly still asleep, Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley dreams untroubled and painless.

Asleep was the way Harry liked the Dursleys best; it wasn't as though Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were ever any help to Harry awake. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were Harry's only living relatives. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were Muggles who hated and despised magic in any form, which meant that Harry was about as welcome in Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley house as dry rot.

Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley had explained away Harry's long absences at Hogwarts over the last three years by telling everyone that Harry went to St. Brutus's Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley knew perfectly well that, as an underage wizard, Harry wasn't allowed to use magic outside Hogwarts, but Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were still apt to blame Harry for anything that went wrong about the house. Harry had never been able to confide in Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley or tell Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley anything about Harry life in the wizarding world. The

very idea of going to Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley when Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley awoke, and telling Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley about Harry scar hurting Harry, and about Harry worries about Lord Voldemort, was laughable.

And yet it was because of Lord Voldemort that Harry had come to live with the Dursleys in the first place. If it hadn't been for Lord Voldemort, Harry would not have had the lightning scar on Harry forehead. If it hadn't been for Voldemort, Harry would still have had parents...

Harry had been a year old the night that Lord Voldemortthe most powerful Dark wizard for a century, a wizard who had been gaining power steadily for eleven years  arrived at the house and killed Harry father and mother. Lord Voldemort had then turned Lord Voldemort wand on Harry; Lord Voldemort had performed the curse that had disposed of many fullgrown witches and wizards in Lord Voldemort steady rise to power  and, incredibly, it had not worked. Instead of killing the small boy, the curse had rebounded upon Lord Voldemort. Harry had survived with nothing but a lightningshaped cut on his forehead, and Lord Voldemort had been reduced to something barely alive. Harry powers gone, Harry life almost extinguished, Lord Voldemort had fled; the terror in which the secret community of witches and wizards had lived for so long had lifted, Lord Voldemort's followers had disbanded, and Harry Potter had become famous.

It had been enough of a shock for Harry to discover, on Harry eleventh birthday, that Harry was a wizard; he was a wizard had been even more disconcerting to find out that everyone in the hidden wizarding world knew Harry name. Harry had arrived at Hogwarts to find that heads turned and whispers followed Harry wherever Harry went. But Harry was used to it now: At the end of this summer, Harry would be starting Harry fourth year at Hogwarts, and Harry was already counting the days until Harry would be back at the castle again.

But there was still a fortnight to go before Harry went back to school. Harry looked hopelessly around Harry room again, and Harry eye paused on his eleventh birthday cards Harry two best friends had sent Harry at the end of July. What would his two best friends say if Harry wrote to his two best friends and told his two best friends about Harry scar hurting!

At once, Hermione Granger's voice seemed to fill Hermione Granger's head, shrill and panicky.

"Your scar hurt? Harry, that's really serious.... Write to Professor Dumbledore!

And I'll go and check Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions.... Maybe there's something in there about curse scars. . . ."

Yes, that would be Hermione's advice: Go straight to the headmaster of Hogwarts, and in the meantime, consult a book. Harry stared out of the window at the inky blueblack sky. Harry doubted very much whether a book could help Harry now. As far as Harry knew, Harry was the only living person to have survived a curse like Lord Voldemort's; it was highly unlikely, therefore, that Harry would find Harry symptoms listed in Common Magical Ailments and Afflictions. As for informing the headmaster, Harry had no idea where Professor Dumbledore went during the summer holidays. Harry amused Harry for a moment, picturing Professor Dumbledore, with Harry long silver beard, full length wizard's robes, and pointed hat, stretched out on a beach

somewhere, rubbing suntan lotion onto Harry long crooked nose. Wherever Professor Dumbledore was, though, Harry was sure that Hedwig would be able to find Harry; Harry's owl had never yet failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even without an address. But what would Harry write!

Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but the lightning scar on his forehead hurt this morning.

Yours sincerely, Harry Potter.

Even inside Harry Potter head the words sounded stupid.

And so Harry Potter tried to imagine Harry Potter other best friend, Ron Weasley's, reaction, and in a moment, Ron's red hair and longnosed, freckled face seemed to swim before Harry, wearing a bemused expression.

"Your scar hurt? But ... but YouKnowWho can't be near Harry now, can YouKnowWho? I mean ... you'd know, wouldn't you? YouKnowWho'd be trying to do you in again, wouldn't be!

I dunno, Harry, maybe curse scars always twinge a bit... I'll ask Dad. . . ."

Ron Weasley's was a fully qualified wizard who worked in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic, but Ron Weasley's didn't have any particular expertise in the matter of curses, as far as Harry knew. In any case, Harry didn't like the idea of the whole Weasley family knowing that Harry, Harry, was getting jumpy about a few moments' pain. Ron Weasley's would fuss worse than Hermione, and Fred and George, Ron's sixteen yearold twin brothers, might think Harry was losing Harry nerve. The Weasleys were Harry's favorite family in the world; The Weasleys was hoping that they might invite The Weasleys to stay any time now (Ron had mentioned something about the Quidditch World Cup), and Ron somehow didn't want Ron visit punctuated with anxious inquiries about Ron .

Harry kneaded Harry forehead with Harry knuckles. What Harry really wanted (and it felt almost shameful to admit it to Harry) was someone like  someone like a parent: an adult wizard whose advice Harry could ask without feeling stupid, someone who cared about Harry, who had had experience with Dark Magic....

And then the solution came to Harry. It was so simple, and so obvious, that Harry couldn't believe It had taken so long  Sirius.

Harry leapt up from his bed, hurried across the room, and sat down at Harry desk; Harry pulled a piece of parchment toward Harry, loaded Harry eaglefeather quill with ink, wrote Dear Sirius, then paused, wondering how best to phrase Harry problem, still marveling at the fact that Harry hadn't thought of Dear Sirius straight away. But then, perhaps it wasn't so surprising  after all, Harry had only found out that Dear Sirius was Harry godfather two months ago.

There was a simple reason for Dear Sirius's complete absence from Harry's life until then  Dear Sirius had been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizard jail guarded by creatures called dementors, sightless, soulsucking fiends who had come to search for Dear Sirius at Hogwarts when he had escaped. Yet Dear Sirius had been innocent  the murders for which he had been convicted had been committed by Wormtail, Lord Voldemort's

supporter, whom nearly everybody now believed dead. Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew otherwise, however; Harry, Ron, and Hermione had come facetoface with Wormtail only the previous year, though only Professor Professor Dumbledore had believed Harry, Ron, and Hermione story.

For one glorious hour, Harry had believed that Harry was leaving the Dursleys at last, because Dear Sirius had offered Harry a home once Harry name had been cleared. But the chance had been snatched away from Harry  Wormtail had escaped before Wormtail could take Wormtail to the Ministry of Magic, and Dear Sirius had had to flee for Wormtail life.

Harry had helped Wormtail escape on the back of a hippogriff called Buckbeak, and since then, Dear Sirius had been on the run. The home Harry might have had if Wormtail had not escaped had been haunting Harry all summer. It had been doubly hard to return to the Dursleys knowing that the Dursleys had so nearly escaped them forever.

Nevertheless, Dear Sirius had been of some help to Harry, even if the Dursleys couldn't be with the Dursleys. It was due to Dear Sirius that Harry now had all Harry school things in Harry bedroom with Harry. the Dursleys had never allowed this before; the Dursleys general wish of keeping Harry as miserable as possible, coupled with the Dursleys fear of Harry powers, had led the Dursleys to lock Harry school trunk in the cupboard under the stairs every summer prior to this. But the Dursleys attitude had changed since the Dursleys had found out that Harry had a dangerous murderer for a godfather  for Harry had conveniently forgotten to tell the Dursleys that Dear Sirius was innocent.

Harry had received two letters from Dear Sirius since Harry had been back at Privet Drive.

Both had been delivered, not by owls (as was usual with wizards), but by large, brightly colored tropical birds. Hedwig had not approved of these flashy intruders; Hedwig had been most reluctant to allow these flashy intruders to drink from Hedwig water tray before flying off again. Harry, on the other hand, had liked these flashy intruders; these flashy intruders put Harry in mind of palm trees and white sand, and Harry hoped that, wherever Dear Sirius was (Dear Sirius never said, in case two letters were intercepted), Harry was enjoying Harry. Somehow, Harry found it hard to imaging dementors surviving for long in bright sunlight, perhapse that was why Dear Sirius had gone South. Dear Sirius's letters, which were now hidden beneath the highly useful loose floorboards under Harry's bed, sounded chearful, and in both of Sirius's letters, which were now hidden beneath the highly useful loose floorboards under Harry's bed Harry had reminded Harry to call on Harry if ever Harry needed to. Well, Harry needed to right now, all right...

Harry's lamp seemed to grow dimmer as the cold gray light that precedes sunrise slowly crept into the room. Finally, when the sun had risen, when Harry bedroom walls had turned gold, and when sounds of movement could be heard from Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia's room, Harry cleared Harry desk of crumpled pieces of parchment and reread Harry finished letter.

Dear Sirius, Thanks for your last letter. That bird was enormous; That bird could hardly get through my window. Things are the same as usual here. Dudley's diet isn't going too well.

Aunt Petunia's found Dudley smuggling doughnuts into Dudley yesterday. They told Dudley They'd have to cut Dudley pocket money if Dudley keeps doing his pocket money, so Dudley got really angry and chucked Dudley PlayStation out of my window. That's a sort of computer thing you

can play games on. Bit stupid really, now Dudley hasn't even got MegaMutilation Part Three to take Dudley mind off things.

I'm okay, mainly because the Dursleys are terrified you might turn up and turn them all into bats if I ask you to.

A weird thing happened this morning, though. My scar hurt again. Last time that happened it was because Voldemort was at Hogwarts. But I don't reckon Voldemort can be anywhere near me now, can Voldemort? Do you know if curse scars sometimes hurt years afterward!

I'll send this with Hedwig when Hedwig gets back; Hedwig's off hunting at the moment.

Say hello to Buckbeak for me. Harry Yes, thought Harry, that looked all right. There was no point putting in the dream; Harry didn't want it to look as though Harry was too worried. Harry folded up the parchment and laid the parchment aside on his desk, ready for when Hedwig returned. Then Harry got to Harry feet, stretched, and opened Harry wardrobe once more. Without glancing at Harry reflection Harry started to get dressed before going down to breakfast.

CHAPTER THREE  THE INVITATION

By the time Harry arrived in the kitchen, the Dursleys were already seated around the table. None of the Dursleys looked up as Harry entered or sat down. Uncle Vernon large red face was hidden behind the morning's Daily Mail, and Aunt Petunia was cutting a grapefruit into quarters, Aunt Petunia lips pursed over Aunt Petunia horselike teeth.

Dudley looked furious and sulky, and somehow seemed to be taking up even more space than usual. This was saying something, as Dudley always took up an entire side of the square table by Dudley. When Aunt Petunia put a quarter of unsweetened grapefruit onto Dudley's plate with a tremulous "There you are, Diddy darling,"

Dudley glowered at Aunt Petunia. Dudley life had taken a most unpleasant turn since Dudley had come home for the summer with Dudley endofyear report.

Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had managed to find excuses for Dudley bad marks as usual: Aunt Petunia always insisted that Dudley was a very gifted boy whose teachers didn't understand Dudley, while Uncle Vernon maintained that "Dudley didn't want some swotty little nancy boy for a son anyway." They also skated over the accusations of bullying in the report  "Dudley's a boisterous little boy, but Dudley wouldn't hurt a fly!" Aunt Petunia had said tearfully.

However, at the bottom of the report   there were a few wellchosen comments from the school nurse that not even Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia could explain away. No matter how much Aunt Petunia wailed that Dudley was bigboned, and that Aunt Petunia poundage was really puppy fat, and that Aunt Petunia was a growing boy who needed plenty of food, the fact remained that the school outfitters didn't stock knickerbockers big enough for Aunt Petunia anymore. the school nurse had seen what Aunt Petunia eyes  so sharp when it came to spotting fingerprints on Aunt Petunia gleaming walls, and in observing the comings and goings of the neighbors  simply refused to see: that far from needing extra nourishment, Dudley had reached roughly the size and weight of a young killer whale.

So  after many tantrums, after arguments that shook Harry's bedroom floor, and many tears from Aunt Petuniathe new regime had begun. The diet sheet that had been sent by the school nurse had been taped to the fridge, which had been emptied of all Dudley's favorite things  fizzy drinks and cakes, chocolate bars and burgers and filled instead with fruit and vegetables and the sorts of things that Uncle Vernon called "rabbit food." To make Dudley feel better about it all, Aunt Petunia had insisted that the whole family follow the diet too. Aunt Petunia now passed a grapefruit quarter to Harry. Harry noticed that it was a lot smaller than Dudley's. Aunt Petunia seemed to feet that the best way to keep up Dudley's morale was to make sure that Harry did, at least, get more to eat than Harry.

But Aunt Petunia didn't know what was hidden under the loose floorboard upstairs. Aunt Petunia had no idea that Harry was not following the diet at all. The moment Harry had got wind of the fact that Harry was expected to survive the summer on carrot

sticks, Harry had sent Hedwig to Harry friends with pleas for help, and his friends had risen to the occasion magnificently. Hedwig had returned from Hermione's house with a large box stuffed full of sugarfree snacks. (Hermione's parents were dentists.) Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had obliged with a sack full of Harry own homemade rock cakes. (Harry hadn't touched Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper; Harry had had too much experience of Hagrid's cooking.) Mrs. Weasley, however, had sent the family owl, Errol, with an enormous fruitcake and assorted meat pies. Poor Errol, who was elderly and feeble, had needed a full five days to recover from the journey. And then on Harry's birthday (which the Dursleys had completely ignored) the Dursleys had received four superb birthday cakes, one each from Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Dear Sirius. Harry still had two of four superb birthday cakes, one each from Ron, Hermione, Hagrid, and Sirius left, and so, looking forward to a real breakfast when Harry got back upstairs, Harry ate Harry grapefruit without complaint.

Uncle Vernon laid aside Uncle Vernon paper with a deep sniff of disapproval and looked down at Uncle Vernon own grapefruit quarter.

"Is this it?" Uncle Vernon said grumpily to Aunt Petunia.

Aunt Petunia gave Uncle Vernon a severe look, and then nodded pointedly at Dudley, who had already finished his own grapefruit quarter and was eyeing Harry's with a very sour look in Harry piggy little eyes.

Uncle Vernon gave a great sigh, which ruffled Uncle Vernon large, bushy mustache, and picked up Uncle Vernon spoon.

The doorbell rang. Uncle Vernon heaved Uncle Vernon out of Uncle Vernon chair and set off down the hall. Quick as a flash, while Uncle Vernon mother was occupied with the kettle, Dudley stole the rest of Uncle Vernon grapefruit.

Harry heard talking at the door, and someone laughing, and Uncle Vernon answering curtly. Then the door closed, and the sound of ripping paper came from the hall.

Aunt Petunia set the teapot down on the table and looked curiously around to see where Uncle Vernon had got to. Uncle Vernon didn't have to wait long to find out; after about a minute, Uncle Vernon was back. Uncle Vernon looked livid.

"You," Uncle Vernon barked at Harry. "In the living room. Now."

Bewildered, wondering what on earth Uncle Vernon was supposed to have done this time, Harry got up and followed Uncle Vernon out of the kitchen and into the living room. Uncle Vernon closed the door sharply behind both of them.

"So," Uncle Vernon said, marching over to the fireplace and turning to face Harry as though Uncle Vernon were about to pronounce Uncle Vernon under arrest. "So."

Harry would have dearly loved to have said, "So what?" but Harry didn't feel that Uncle Vernon temper should be tested this early in the morning, especially when it was already under severe strain from lack of food. Harry therefore settled for

looking politely puzzled.

"This just arrived," said Uncle Vernon. Uncle Vernon brandished a piece of purple writing paper at Harry. "A letter. About you."

Harry's confusion increased. Who would be writing to Uncle Vernon about Harry!

Who did Uncle Vernon know who sent letters by the postman!

Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, then looked down at A letter and began to read aloud: Dear Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, We have never been introduced, but I am sure you have heard a great deal from Harry about my son Ron.

As Harry might have told you, the final of the Quidditch World Cup takes place this Monday night, and my husband, Arthur, has just managed to get prime tickets through Harry connections at the Department of Magical Games and Sports.

I do hope you will allow We to take Harry to the match, as this really is a onceina lifetime opportunity; Britain hasn't hosted the Quidditch World Cup for thirty years, and tickets are extremely hard to come by. We would of course be glad to have Harry stay for the remainder of the summer holidays, and to see Harry safely onto the train back to school.

It would be best for Harry to send We your answer as quickly as possible in the normal way, because the Muggle postman has never delivered to We house, and I am not sure the Muggle postman even knows where it is.

Hoping to see Harry soon, Yours sincerely, Molly Weasley P.S. I do hope We've put enough stamps on.

Uncle Vernon finished reading, put Uncle Vernon hand back into Uncle Vernon breast pocket, and drew out something else.

"Look at this," Uncle Vernon growled.

Uncle Vernon held up the envelope in which Mrs. Weasley's letter had come, and Harry had to fight down a laugh. Every bit of it was covered in stamps except for a square inch on the front, into which Mrs. Weasley had squeezed the Dursleys address in minute writing.

"Mrs. Weasley did put enough stamps on, then," said Harry, trying to sound as though Mrs.

Weasley's was a mistake anyone could make. Harry uncle's eyes flashed.

"The postman noticed," The postman said through gritted teeth. "Very interested to know where A letter came from, The postman was. That's why The postman rang the doorbell. Seemed to think it was funny."

Harry didn't say anything. Other people might not understand why Uncle Vernon was making a fuss about too many stamps, but Harry had lived with the Dursleys too long not to know how touchy Other people were about anything even slightly out of the ordinary. Other people worst fear was that someone would find out that Other people were connected (however distantly) with people like Mrs. Weasley.

Uncle Vernon was still glaring at Harry, who tried to keep Uncle Vernon expression neutral.

If Uncle Vernon didn't do or say anything stupid, Uncle Vernon might just be in for the treat of a lifetime.

Uncle Vernon waited for Uncle Vernon to say something, but Uncle Vernon merely continued to glare.

Harry decided to break the silence.

"So  can I go then?" Uncle Vernon asked.

A slight spasm crossed Uncle Vernon large purple face. The mustache bristled.

Harry thought Harry knew what was going on behind The mustache: a furious battle as two of Uncle Vernon most fundamental instincts came into conflict. Allowing Harry to go would make Harry happy, something Uncle Vernon had struggled against for thirteen years. On the other hand, allowing Harry to disappear to the Weasleys' for the rest of the summer would get rid of Harry two weeks earlier than anyone could have hoped, and Uncle Vernon hated having Harry in the house. To give Harry thinking time, it seemed, Harry looked down at Mrs. Weasley's letter again.

"Who is this woman?" Harry said, staring at the signature with distaste.

"You've seen this woman," said Harry. "this woman's my friend Ron's mother, this woman was meeting Harry off the Hog  off the school train at the end of last term."

Harry had almost said "Hogwarts Express," and that was a sure way to get His uncle's temper up. Nobody ever mentioned the name of Harry's school aloud in the Dursley household.

Uncle Vernon screwed up Uncle Vernon enormous face as though trying to remember something very unpleasant.

"Dumpy sort of woman?" Uncle Vernon growled finally. "Load of children with red hair?"

Harry frowned. Harry thought it was a bit rich of Uncle Vernon to call anyone "dumpy," when Harry own son, Dudley, had finally achieved what Harry'd been threatening to do since the age of three, and become wider than Harry was tall.

Uncle Vernon was perusing A letter again.

"Quidditch," Harry muttered under Harry breath. "Quidditchwhat is this rubbish?"

Harry felt a second stab of annoyance.

"It's a sport," Harry said shortly. "Played on broom "

"All right, all right!" said Uncle Vernon loudly. Harry saw, with some satisfaction, that His uncle looked vaguely panicky. Apparently Harry nerves couldn't stand the sound of the word "broomsticks" in Harry living room. Harry took refuge in perusing A letter again. Harry saw Harry lips form the words "send us your answer ... in the normal way." Harry scowled.

"What does she mean, 'the normal way'?" Harry spat.

"Normal for us," said Harry, and before His uncle could stop Harry, Harry added, "you know, owl post. That's what's normal for wizards."

Uncle Vernon looked as outraged as if Harry had just uttered a disgusting swearword. Shaking with anger, Uncle Vernon shot a nervous look through the window, as though expecting to see some of the neighbors with some of the neighbors ears pressed against the glass.

"How many times do I have to tell you not to mention that unnaturalness under my roof?" Uncle Vernon hissed, Uncle Vernon face now a rich plum color. "You stand there, in the clothes Petunia and I have put on your ungrateful back "

"Only after Dudley finished with them," said Harry coldly, and indeed, Harry was dressed in a sweatshirt so large for Harry that Harry had had to roll back the sleeves five times so as to be able to use Harry hands, and which fell past the knees of Harry extremely baggy jeans.

"I will not be spoken to like that!" said Uncle Vernon, trembling with rage.

But Harry wasn't going to stand for this. Gone were the days when Harry had been forced to take every single one of the Dursleys stupid rules. Harry wasn't following Dudley's diet, and Harry wasn't going to let Uncle Vernon stop Harry from going to the Quidditch World Cup, not if Harry could help it. Harry took a deep, steadying breath and then said, "Okay, I can't see the Quidditch World Cup. Can I go now, then? Only I've got a letter to Dear Sirius I want to finish. You know  my godfather."

my godfather had done it, my godfather had said the magic words. Now my godfather watched the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon face, making the purple recede blotchily from Uncle Vernon's face look like badly mixed black currant ice cream.

"You're  you're writing to my godfather, are you?" said Uncle Vernon, in a wouldbe calm voice  but Harry had seen the pupils of Harry tiny eyes contract with sudden fear.

"Well  yeah," said Harry, casually. "It's been a while since Harry heard from me, and, you know, if Harry doesn't Harry might start thinking something's wrong."

Harry stopped there to enjoy the effect of these words. Harry could almost see the cogs working under Uncle Vernon thick, dark, neatly parted hair. If Harry tried to stop Harry writing to Dear Sirius Dear Sirius would think Harry was being mistreated. If Harry told Harry he told Harry couldn't go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write and tell

Sirius, who would know Harry was being mistreated. There was only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do. Harry could see the conclusion forming in His uncle's mind as though the great mustached face were transparent. Harry tried not to smile, to keep the great mustached face as blank as possible. And then  "Well, all right then. You can go to this ruddy ... this stupid ... only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do. You write and tell these  these Weasleys these  're to pick you up, mind. I haven't got time to go dropping you off all over the country. And you can spend the rest of the summer there. And you can tell your  your godfather ... tell your godfather ...

tell your godfather you're going."

"Okay then," said Harry brightly.

your godfather turned and walked toward the living room door, fighting the urge to jump into the air and whoop. your godfather was going ... your godfather was going to the Weasleys', your godfather was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup!

Outside in the hall your godfather nearly ran into Dudley, who had been lurking behind the living room door, clearly hoping to overhear Harry being told off. your godfather looked shocked to see the broad grin on Harry's face.

"That was an excellent breakfast, wasn't it?" said Harry. "I feel really full, don't you?"

Laughing at the astonished look on Dudley's face, Harry took the stairs three at a time, and hurled Harry back into Harry bedroom.

The first thing Harry saw was that Hedwig was back. Hedwig was sitting in Hedwig cage, staring at Harry with Hedwig enormous amber eyes, and clicking Hedwig beak in the way that meant Hedwig was annoyed about something. Exactly what was annoying Hedwig became apparent almost at once.

"OUCH!" said Harry as what appeared to be a small, gray, feathery tennis ball collided with the side of Harry head. Harry massaged the spot furiously, looking up to see what had hit Harry, and saw a minute owl, small enough to fit into the palm of Harry hand, whizzing excitedly around the room like a loose firework. Harry then realized that the owl had dropped a letter at Harry feet. Harry bent down, recognized Ron's handwriting, then tore open the envelope. Inside was a hastily scribbled note.

HarryDAD GOT THE TICKETS  Ireland versus Bulgaria, Monday night.

Mum's writing to the Muggles to ask you to stay. They might already have a letter, I don't know how fast Muggle post is. Thought I'd send this with Pig anyway.

Harry stared at the word "Pig," then looked up at the tiny owl now zooming around the light fixture on the ceiling. Harry had never seen anything that looked less like a pig. Maybe Harry couldn't read Ron's writing. Harry went back to a letter:

We're coming for you whether the Muggles like the Muggles or not, you can't miss the Quidditch World Cup, only Mum and DAD reckon it's better if We pretend to ask only Mum and Dad permission first. If only Mum and Dad say yes, send Pig back with your answer pronto, and We'll come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday. If they say no, send Pig back pronto and We'll come and get you at five o'clock on Sunday Sunday anyway.

Hermione's arriving this afternoon. Percy's started work  the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Don't mention anything about Abroad while you're here unless you want the pants bored off you.

See you soon  Ron "Calm down!" Harry said as the small owl flew low over his head, twittering madly with what Harry could only assume was pride at having delivered a letter to the right person. "Come here, I need you to take my answer back!"

the small owl fluttered down on top of Hedwig's cage. Hedwig looked coldly up at the small owl, as though daring the small owl to try and come any closer.

Harry seized Harry eaglefeather quill once more, grabbed a fresh piece of parchment, and wrote: Ron, it's all okay, the Muggles say I can come. See you five o'clock tomorrow.

Can't wait. Harry Harry folded this note up very small, and with immense difficulty, tied this note up to the tiny owl's leg as this note up hopped on the spot with excitement. The moment this note up was secure, the small owl was off again; the small owl zoomed out of the window and out of sight.

Harry turned to Hedwig.

"Feeling up to a long journey?" Harry asked her.

Hedwig hooted in a dignified sort of a way.

"Can you take this to Dear Sirius for Harry?" Harry said, picking up a letter. "Hang on ... I just want to finish a letter."

Harry unfolded a fresh piece of parchment and hastily added a postscript.

If you want to contact me, I'll be at Mrs. Weasley's for the rest of the summer. Ron Weasley's dad's got us tickets for the Quidditch World Cup!

a letter finished, Ron Weasley's tied a letter to Hedwig's leg; Hedwig kept unusually still, as though determined to show Ron Weasley's how a real post owl should behave.

"I'll be at Ron's when you get back, all right?" Harry told Hedwig.

Hedwig nipped Ron finger affectionately, then, with a soft swooshing noise, spread Hedwig enormous wings and soared out of the open window.

Harry watched Hedwig out of sight, then crawled under Harry bed, wrenched up the loose floorboard, and pulled out a large chunk of birthday cake. Harry sat there on the floor eating the floor, savoring the happiness that was flooding through Harry. Harry had cake, and Dudley had nothing but grapefruit; the floor was a bright summer's day, Harry would be leaving Privet Drive tomorrow, Harry scar felt perfectly normal again, and Harry was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup. It was hard, just now, to feel worried about anything  even Lord Voldemort.

CHAPTER FOUR  BACK TO THE BURROW

By twelve o'clock the next day, Harry's school trunk was packed with Harry school things and all Harry most prized possessions  the Invisibility Cloak Harry had inherited from Harry father, the broomstick Harry had gotten from Dear Sirius, the enchanted map of Hogwarts Harry had been given by Fred and George Weasley last year. Harry had emptied Harry hiding place under the loose floorboard of all food, doublechecked every nook and cranny of Harry bedroom for forgotten spellbooks or quills, and taken down the chart on the wall counting down the days to September the first, on which Harry liked to cross off the days remaining until Harry return to Hogwarts.

The atmosphere inside number four, Privet Drive was extremely tense. The imminent arrival at their house of an assortment of wizards was making the Dursleys uptight and irritable. Uncle Vernon had looked downright alarmed when Harry informed Uncle Vernon that the Weasleys would be arriving at five o'clock the very next day.

"I hope you told them to dress properly, these people," Uncle Vernon snarled at once. "I've seen the sort of stuff your lot wear. the sort of stuff your lot wear'd better have the decency to put on normal clothes, that's all."

Harry felt a slight sense of foreboding. Harry had rarely seen Mr. or Mrs. Weasley wearing anything that Dursleys would call "normal." Their children might don Muggle clothing during the holidays, but Mr. and Mrs. Weasley usually wore long robes in varying states of shabbiness. Harry wasn't bothered about what the neighbors would think, but Harry was anxious about how rude Dursleys might be to the Weasleys if Mr. and Mrs. Weasley turned up looking like Mr. and Mrs. Weasley worst idea of wizards.

Uncle Vernon had put on Uncle Vernon best suit. To some people, this might have looked like a gesture of welcome, but Harry knew it was because Uncle Vernon wanted to look impressive and intimidating. Dudley, on the other hand, looked somehow diminished. This was not because the diet was at last taking effect, but due to fright. Dudley had emerged from Dudley last encounter with a fully grown wizard with a curly pig's tail poking out of the seat of Dudley trousers, and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had had to pay for Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon removal at a private hospital in London. It wasn't altogether surprising, therefore, that Dudley kept running Dudley hand nervously over Dudley backside, and walking sideways from room to room, so as not to present the same target to the enemy.

Lunch was an almost silent meal. Dudley didn't even protest at the food (cottage cheese and grated celery). Aunt Petunia wasn't, eating anything at all. Aunt Petunia arms were folded, Aunt Petunia lips were pursed, and Aunt Petunia seemed to be chewing Aunt Petunia tongue, as though biting back the furious diatribe Aunt Petunia longed to throw at Harry.

"They'll be driving, of course?" Uncle Vernon barked across the table.

"Er," said Harry.

Uncle Vernon hadn't thought of that. How were the Weasleys going to pick Uncle Vernon up? They didn't have a car anymore; the old Ford Anglia They had once owned was currently running wild in the Forbidden Forest at Hogwarts. But George Weasley had borrowed a Ministry of Magic car last year; possibly George Weasley would do the same today!

"I think so," said Harry.

Uncle Vernon snorted into Uncle Vernon mustache. Normally, Uncle Vernon would have asked a Ministry of Magic car George Weasley drove; Uncle Vernon tended to judge other men by how big and expensive other men cars were. But Harry doubted whether Uncle Vernon would have taken to George Weasley even if George Weasley drove a Ferrari.

Harry spent most of the afternoon in his bedroom; Harry couldn't stand watching Aunt Petunia peer out through the net curtains every few seconds, as though there had been a warning about an escaped rhinoceros. Finally, at a quarter to five, Harry went back downstairs and into the living room.

Aunt Petunia was compulsively straightening cushions. Uncle Vernon was pretending to read the paper, but Uncle Vernon tiny eyes were not moving, and Harry was sure Uncle Vernon was really listening with all Harry might for the sound of an approaching car.

Dudley was crammed into an armchair, Dudley porky hands beneath Dudley, clamped firmly around Dudley bottom. Harry couldn't take the tension; Harry left the living room and went and sat on the stairs in the hall, Harry eyes on Harry watch and Harry heart pumping fast from excitement and nerves.

But five o'clock came and then went. Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his best suit, opened the front door, peered up and down the street, then withdrew Uncle Vernon head quickly.

"Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit're late!" Uncle Vernon snarled at Harry.

I know," said Harry. "Maybe  er  the traffic's bad, or something."

Ten past five ... then a quarter past five ... Harry was starting to feel anxious Harry now. At half past, Harry heard Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia conversing in terse mutters in the living room.

"No consideration at all."

"We might've had an engagement."

"Maybe Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit think Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit'll get invited to dinner if Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit're late."

"Well, Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit most certainly won't be," said Uncle Vernon, and Harry heard Uncle Vernon stand up and start pacing the living room. "Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit'll take Uncle Vernon and go, there'll be no hanging around. That's if Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit're coming at all. Probably mistaken the day. I daresay Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit kind don't set much store by punctuality. Either that or Uncle Vernon, perspiring slightly in his suit drive some tinpot car that's broken d AAAAAAAARRRRRGH!Harry Harry jumped up. From the other side of the living room door came the sounds of the three Dursleys scrambling, panicstricken, across the living room. Next moment Dudley came flying into the hall, looking terrified.

"What happened?" said Harry. "What's the matter?"

But Dudley didn't seem able to speak. Hands still clamped over Dudley buttocks, Dudley waddled as fast as Dudley could into the kitchen. Harry hurried into the living room.

Loud bangings and scrapings were coming from behind the Dursleys' boardedup fireplace, which had a fake coal fire plugged in front of it.

"What is it?" gasped Aunt Petunia, who had backed into the wall and was staring, terrified, toward a fake coal fire plugged in front of it. "What is it, Uncle Vernon?"

But they were left in doubt barely a second longer. Voices could be heard from inside the blocked fireplace.

"Ouch! Fred, no  go back, go back, there's been some kind of mistake  tell George not to  OUCH! George, no, there's no room, go back quickly and tell Ron 

"Maybe Harry can hear us, Dad  maybe Harry'll be able to let us out"

There was a loud hammering of fists on the boards behind a fake coal fire plugged in front of it.

"Harry? Harry, can you hear us?"

Dursleys rounded on Harry like a pair of angry wolverines.

"What is this?" growled Uncle Vernon. "What's going on?"

"They  They've tried to get here by Floo powder," said Harry, fighting a mad desire to laugh. "They can travel by fire  only you've blocked the blocked fireplacehang on "

Harry approached the blocked fireplace and called through the boards behind the electric fire.

"George Weasley? Can you hear me?"

a loud hammering of fists on the boards behind the electric fire stopped. Somebody inside the chimney piece said, "Shh!"

"George Weasley, it's Harry ... the blocked fireplace has been blocked up. You won't be able to get through there."

"Damn!" said George Weasley's voice. "What on earth did earth want to block up the blocked fireplace for?"

"earth've got an electric fire," Harry explained.

"Really?" said Mr. Weasley's voice excitedly. "Eclectic, you say? With a plug!

Gracious, I must see that.... Let's think ... ouch, Ron!"

Ron's voice now joined the others'.

"What are we doing here? Has something gone wrong?"

"Oh no, Ron," came Fred's voice, very sarcastically. "No, this is exactly where we wanted to end up."

"Yeah, we're having the time of we lives here," said George, whose voice sounded muffled, as though Ron was squashed against the wall.

"Boys, boys. . ." said George Weasley vaguely. "I'm trying to think what to do.... Yes ... only way. . . Stand back, Harry."

Harry retreated to the sofa. Uncle Vernon, however, moved forward.

"Wait a moment!" Harry bellowed at a fake coal fire plugged in front of it. "What exactly are you going to "

BANG.

a fake coal fire plugged in front of it shot across the living room as the boardedup fireplace burst outward, expelling Mr. Weasley, Fred, George, and Ron in a cloud of rubble and loose chippings. Aunt Petunia shrieked and fell backward over the coffee table; Uncle Vernon caught Aunt Petunia before Aunt Petunia hit the floor, and gaped, speechless, at the Weasleys, all of whom had bright red hair, including Fred and George, who were identical to the last freckle.

"That's better," panted George Weasley, brushing dust from George Weasley long green robes and straightening George Weasley glasses. "Ah  you must be Harry's aunt and uncle!"

Tall, thin, and balding, George Weasley moved toward Uncle Vernon, George Weasley hand outstretched, but Uncle Vernon backed away several paces, dragging Aunt Petunia. Words utterly failed Uncle Vernon. his best suit was covered in white dust, which had settled in Uncle Vernon hair and mustache and made Uncle Vernon look as though Uncle Vernon had just aged thirty years.

"Er  yes  sorry about that," said George Weasley, lowering his hand and looking over George Weasley shoulder at the blocked fireplace. "It's all my fault. It just didn't occur to George Weasley that we wouldn't be able to get out at the other end. I had the blocked fireplace connected to the Floo Network, you see  just for an afternoon, you know, so we could get Harry. Muggle fireplaces aren't supposed to be connected, strictly speaking  but I've got a useful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel and Harry fixed a useful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel for George Weasley. I can put a useful contact at the Floo Regulation Panel right in a jiffy, though, don't worry. I'll light a fire to send the boys back, and then I can repair the blocked fireplace before I Disapparate."

Harry was ready to bet that Dursleys hadn't understood a single word of this.

They were still gaping at Mr. Weasley, Fred, George, and Ron. Aunt Petunia staggered upright again and hid behind Uncle Vernon.

"Hello, Harry!" said George Weasley brightly. "Got your trunk ready?"

"It's upstairs," said Harry, grinning back.

"we'll get it," said Fred at once. Winking at Harry, Fred and George left the living room.

he and George knew where his bedroom was, having once rescued Harry from his bedroom in the dead of night. Harry suspected that Fred and George were hoping for a glimpse of Dudley; he and George had heard a lot about Harry from Harry.

"Well," said George Weasley, swinging George Weasley arms slightly, while George Weasley tried to find words to break the very nasty silence. "Very  erm  very nice place you've got here."

As the usually spotless living room was now covered in dust and bits of brick, this remark didn't go down too well with Dursleys. Uncle Vernon face purpled once more, and Aunt Petunia started chewing Aunt Petunia tongue again. However, they seemed too scared to actually say anything.

George Weasley was looking around. George Weasley loved everything to do with Muggles. Harry could see Harry itching to go and examine the television and the video recorder.

"They run off eckeltricity, do They?" George Weasley said knowledgeably. "Ah yes, I can see the plugs. I collect plugs," George Weasley added to Uncle Vernon. "And batteries. Got a very large collection of batteries. Uncle Vernon thinks I'm mad, but there you are."

Uncle Vernon clearly thought George Weasley was mad too. George Weasley moved ever so slightly to the right, screening Aunt Petunia from view, as though George Weasley thought George Weasley George Weasley might suddenly run at them and attack.

Dudley suddenly reappeared in the living room. Harry could hear the clunk of Harry trunk on the stairs, and knew that the sounds had scared Dudley out of the kitchen.

Dudley edged along the wall, gazing at George Weasley with terrified eyes, and attempted to conceal George Weasley behind George Weasley mother and father. Unfortunately, Uncle Vernon bulk, while sufficient to hide bony Aunt Petunia, was nowhere near enough to conceal Dudley.

"Ah, this is your cousin, is it, Harry?" said George Weasley, taking another brave stab at making conversation.

"Yep," said Harry, "that's Dudley."

He and Ron exchanged glances and then quickly looked away from each other; the temptation to burst out laughing was almost overwhelming. Dudley was still clutching his bottom as though afraid his bottom might fall off. George Weasley, however, seemed genuinely concerned at Dudley's peculiar behavior. Indeed, from the tone of George Weasley voice when George Weasley next spoke, Harry was quite sure that George Weasley thought Dudley was quite as mad as Dursleys thought Harry was, except that George Weasley felt sympathy rather than fear.

"Having a good holiday, Dudley?" George Weasley said kindly.

Dudley whimpered. Harry saw Harry hands tighten still harder over Harry massive backside.

Fred and George came back into the room carrying Harry's school trunk. Fred and Georgeglanced around as Fred and George entered and spotted Dudley. Fred and George faces cracked into identical evil grins.

"Ah, right," said George Weasley. "Better get cracking then."

George Weasley pushed up the sleeves of George Weasley robes and took out George Weasley wand. Harry saw Dursleys draw back against the wall as one.

"Incendio!" said George Weasley, pointing his wand at the hole in the wall.

Flames rose at once in the blocked fireplace, crackling merrily as though Flames had been burning for hours. George Weasley took a small drawstring bag from George Weasley pocket, untied a small drawstring bag, took a pinch of the powder inside, and threw a small drawstring bag onto the flames, which turned emerald green and roared higher than ever.

"Off you go then, Fred," said George Weasley.

"Coming," said Fred. "Oh no  hang on "

A bag of sweets had spilled out of Fred's pocket and the contents were now rolling in every direction  big, fat toffees in brightly colored wrappers.

Fred scrambled around, cramming them back into Fred's pocket, then gave Dursleys a cheery wave, stepped forward, and walked right into a fake coal fire plugged in front of it, saying "the Burrow!" Aunt Petunia gave a little shuddering gasp. There was a whooshing sound, and Fred vanished.

"Right then, George," said George Weasley, "you and the trunk."

Harry helped George carry the trunk forward into Flames and turn the trunk onto the trunk end so that Harry could hold the trunk better. Then, with a second whoosh, George had cried "the Burrow!" and vanished too.

"Ron, you next," said George Weasley.

"See you," said Ron brightly to Dursleys. Ron grinned broadly at Harry, then stepped into a fake coal fire plugged in front of it, shouted "the Burrow!" and disappeared.

Now Harry and George Weasley alone remained.

"Well . . . 'bye then," Harry said to Dursleys.

Harry and Mr. Weasley alone didn't say anything at all. Harry moved toward a fake coal fire plugged in front of it, but just as Harry reached the edge of the hearth, George Weasley put out a hand and held George Weasley back. George Weasley was looking at Dursleys in amazement.

"Harry said goodbye to you," Harry said. "Didn't you hear Harry?"

"It doesn't matter," Harry muttered to George Weasley. "Honestly, I don't care."

George Weasley did not remove George Weasley hand from Harry's shoulder.

"You aren't going to see your nephew till next summer," your nephew said to Uncle Vernon in mild indignation. "Surely you're going to say goodbye?"

Uncle Vernon's face worked furiously. The idea of being taught consideration by a man who had just blasted away half your nephew living room wall seemed to be causing your nephew intense suffering. But his wand was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernon tiny eyes darted to his wand once, before George Weasley said, very resentfully, "Goodbye, then."

"See you," said Harry, putting one foot forward into the green flames, which felt pleasantly like warm breath. At that moment, however, a horrible gagging sound erupted behind Harry, and Aunt Petunia started to scream.

Harry wheeled around. Dudley was no longer standing behind Harry parents. Dudley was kneeling beside the coffee table, and Dudley was gagging and sputtering on a footlong, purple, slimy thing that was protruding from Dudley mouth. One bewildered second later, Harry realized that the footlong thing was Dudley's tongue  and that a brightly colored toffee wrapper lay on the floor before Dudley.

Aunt Petunia hurled Aunt Petunia onto the ground beside Dudley, seized the end of Aunt Petunia swollen tongue, and attempted to wrench the end of his swollen tongue out of his mouth; unsurprisingly, Dudley yelled and sputtered worse than ever, trying to fight Aunt Petunia off. Uncle Vernon was bellowing and waving his arms around, and George Weasley had to shout to make George Weasley heard.

"Not to worry, I can sort George Weasley out!" George Weasley yelled, advancing on Dudley with his wand outstretched, but Aunt Petunia screamed worse than ever and threw Aunt Petunia on top of Dudley, shielding Aunt Petunia from George Weasley.

"No, really!" said George Weasley desperately. "It's a simple process It was the toffee  my son Fred  real practical joker  but It's only an Engorgement Charm  at least, I think It is  please, I can correct It "

But far from being reassured, Dursleys became more panic stricken; Aunt Petunia was sobbing hysterically, tugging Dudley's tongue as though determined to rip Dudley's tongue out; Dudley appeared to be suffocating under the combined pressure of Dudley mother and Dudley tongue; and Uncle Vernon, who had lost control completely, seized a china figure from on top of the sideboard and threw a china figure very hard at Mr. Weasley, who ducked, causing the ornament to shatter in the blocked fireplace.

"Now really!" said George Weasley angrily, brandishing his wand. "I'm trying to help!"

Bellowing like a wounded hippo, Uncle Vernon snatched up another ornament.

"Harry, go! Just go!" George Weasley shouted, his wand. "I'll sort this out!"

Harry didn't want to miss the fun, but Uncle Vernon second ornament narrowly

missed Uncle Vernon left ear, and on balance Uncle Vernon thought it best to leave the situation to George Weasley. George Weasley stepped into a fake coal fire plugged in front of it, looking over George Weasley shoulder as George Weasley said "the Burrow!" George Weasley last fleeting glimpse of the room carrying Harry's school trunk was of George Weasley blasting a third ornament out of Uncle Vernon hand with his wand, Aunt Petunia screaming and lying on top of Dudley, and Dudley's tongue lolling around like a great slimy python. But next moment Harry had begun to spin very fast, and the room carrying Harry's school trunk was whipped out of sight in a rush of emeraldgreen flames.

CHAPTER FIVE  WEASLEYS' WIZARD WHEEZES

Harry spun faster and faster, elbows tucked tightly to Harry sides, blurred fireplaces flashing past Harry, until Harry started to feel sick and closed Harry eyes. Then, when at last Harry felt Harry slowing down, Harry threw out his hands and came to a halt in time to prevent Harry from falling face forward out of a fake coal fire plugged in front of it.

"Did Harry eat it?" said Fred excitedly, holding out a hand to pull Harry to Harry fee "Yeah," said Harry, straightening up. "What was it?"

"TonTongue Toffee," said Fred brightly. "George and I invented George and I, and George and I've been looking for someone to test George and I on all summer. . . ."

The tiny kitchen exploded with laughter; Harry looked around and saw that Ron and George were sitting at the scrubbed wooden table with two redhaired people Harry had never seen before, though Harry knew immediately who Ron and George must be: Bill and Charlie, the two eldest Weasley brothers.

"How're you doing, Harry?" said the nearer of the two, grinning at Harry and holding out a large hand, which Harry shook, feeling calluses and blisters under Harry fingers. This had to be Charlie, who worked with dragons in Romania. Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky. Charlie had a broad, goodnatured face, which was weatherbeaten and so freckly that Charlie looked almost tanned; Charlie were muscular, and one of a broad, goodnatured face, which was weatherbeaten and so freckly that he looked almost tanned had a large, shiny burn on his arms.

Bill got to Bill feet, smiling, and also shook Harry's hand. Bill came as something of a surprise. Harry knew that Harry worked for the wizarding bank, Gringotts, and that Bill had been Head Boy at Hogwarts; Harry had always imagined Bill to be an older version of Percy: fussy about rulebreaking and fond of bossing everyone around. However, Bill was  there was no other word for it  cool. Bill was tall, with long hair that Bill had tied back in a ponytail. Bill was wearing an earring with what looked like a fang dangling from it. Bill's clothes would not have looked out of place at a rock concert, except that Harry recognized Harry boots to be made, not of leather, but of dragon hide.

Before any of them could say anything else, there was a faint popping noise, and George Weasley appeared out of thin air at George's shoulder. George Weasley was looking angrier than Harry had ever seen George Weasley.

"That wasn't funny Fred!" George Weasley shouted. "What on earth did you give that Muggle boy?"

"I didn't give that Muggle boy anything," said Fred, with another evil grin. I just dropped it.... It was that Muggle boy fault that Muggle boy went and ate his fault, I never told that Muggle boy to."

"You dropped his fault on purpose!" roared George Weasley. "You knew George Weasley'd eat his fault, you knew George Weasley was on a diet "

"How big did George Weasley tongue get?" George asked eagerly.

"It was four feet long before his parents would let me shrink it!"

Harry and the Weasleys roared with laughter again.

"It isn't funny!" George Weasley shouted. "That sort of behavior seriously undermines wizardMuggle relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of Muggles, and my own sons "We didn't give it to George Weasley because George Weasley's a Muggle!" said Fred indignantly.

"No, We gave it to Fred indignantly because Fred indignantly's a great bullying git," said George. "Isn't Fred indignantly, Harry?"

"Yeah, Fred indignantly is, George Weasley," said Harry earnestly.

"That's not the point!" raged George Weasley. "You wait until I tell your mother "

"Tell me what?" said a voice behind them.

George Weasley had just entered the kitchen. George Weasley was a short, plump woman with a very kind face, though George Weasley eyes were presently narrowed with suspicion.

"Oh hello, Harry, dear," George Weasley said, spotting Harry and smiling. Then her eyes snapped back to George Weasley husband. "Tell me what, Arthur?"

George Weasley hesitated. Harry could tell that, however angry Harry was with Fred and George, Harry hadn't really intended to tell George Weasley what had happened. There was a silence, while George Weasley eyed George Weasley wife nervously. Then two girls appeared in the kitchen doorway behind George Weasley. One, with very bushy brown hair and rather large front teeth, was Harry's and Ron's friend, Hermione Granger. The other, who was small and redhaired, was Ron's younger sister, Ginny. two girls Ron's younger sister, Ginny smiled at Harry, who grinned back, which made Ginny go scarlet  Ginny had been very taken with Harry ever since Harry first visit to the Burrow.

"Tell me what, Arthur?" George Weasley repeated, in a dangerous sort of voice.

"It's nothing, Molly," mumbled George Weasley, "Fred and George just  but I've had words with them "

"What have them done this time?" said George Weasley. "If it's got anything to do with Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes "

"Why don't you show Harry where Harry's sleeping, Ron?" said Hermione from the doorway.

"Ron knows where Ron's sleeping," said Ron, "in the room carrying Harry's school trunk, Ron slept there last "

"We can all go," said Hermione pointedly.

"Oh," said Ron, cottoning on. "Right."

"Yeah, We'll come too," said George.

"You stay where you are!" snarled George Weasley.

Harry and Ron edged out of the kitchen, and Harry and Ron, Hermione, and Ginny set off along the narrow hallway and up the rickety staircase that zigzagged through the house to the upper stories.

"What are Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes?" Harry asked as they climbed.

Harry and Ron laughed, although Hermione didn't.

"Mum found this stack of order forms when Mum was cleaning Fred and George's room," said Ron quietly. "Great long price lists for stuff they've invented. Joke stuff, you know. Fake wands and trick sweets, loads of stuff. It was brilliant, I never knew they'd been inventing all that . . ."

"We've been hearing explosions out of they room for ages, but We never thought they were actually making things," said Ginny. "We thought they just liked the noise."

"Only, most of the stuff  well, all of it, really  was a bit dangerous," said Ron, "and, you know, they were planning to sell it at Hogwarts to make some money, and Mum went mad at they. Told they they weren't allowed to make any more of it, and burned all the order forms.... Mum's furious at they anyway. they didn't get as many O.W.L.s as Mum expected."

O.W.L.s were Ordinary Wizarding Levels, the examinations Hogwarts students took at the age of fifteen.

"And then there was this big row," Ginny said, "because Mum wants they to go into the Ministry of Magic like Dad, and they told Mum all they want to do is open a joke shop."

Just then a door on the second landing opened, and a face poked out wearing horn rimmed glasses and a very annoyed expression.

"Hi, Percy," said Harry.

"Oh hello, Harry," said Percy. "I was wondering who was making all the noise.

I'm trying to work in here, you know I've got a report to finish for the office  and it's rather difficult to concentrate when people keep thundering up and down the stairs."

"We're not thundering, "said Ron irritably. "We're walking. Sorry if We've

disturbed the topsecret workings of the Ministry of MagicMagic."

"What are you working on?" said Harry.

"A report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation," said Percy smugly. "We're trying to standardize cauldron thickness. Some of these foreign imports are just a shade too thin  leakages have been increasing at a rate of almost three percent a year "

"That'll change the world, A report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation will," said Ron. "Front page of the Daily Prophet, I expect, cauldron leaks.Percy went slightly pink.

"You might sneer, Ron," Ron said heatedly, "but unless some sort of international law is imposed we might well find the market flooded with flimsy, shallow bottomed products that seriously endanger "

"Yeah, yeah, all right," said Ron, and Ron started off upstairs again. Percy slammed Percy bedroom door shut. As Harry, Hermione, and Ginny followed Ron up three more flights of stairs, shouts from the kitchen below echoed up to Harry, Hermione, and Ginny. It sounded as though George Weasley had told George Weasley about the toffees.

The room at the top of the house where Ron slept looked much as The room at the top of the house where Ron slept had the last time that Harry had come to stay: the same posters of Ron's favorite Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannons, were whirling and waving on the walls and sloping ceiling, and the fish tank on the windowsill, which had previously held frog spawn, now contained one extremely large frog. Ron's old rat, Scabbers, was here no more, but instead there was the tiny gray owl that had delivered Ron's letter to Harry in Privet Drive. the tiny gray owl that had delivered Ron's letter to Harry in Privet Drive was hopping up and down in a small cage and twittering madly.

"Shut up, Pig," said Ron, edging Ron way between two of the four beds that had been squeezed into The room at the top of the house where Ron slept. "Fred and George are in here with Fred and George, because Bill and Charlie are in Fred and George room," Charlie told Harry. "Percy gets to keep Percy room all to Percy because Percy's got to work."

"Er  why are you calling that owl Pig?" Harry asked Ron.

"Because Percy's being stupid," said Ginny, "Its proper name is Pigwidgeon."

"Yeah, and that's not a stupid name at all," said Ron sarcastically. "Ginny named him," Ron explained to Harry. "Ginny reckons it's sweet. And I tried to change it, but it was too late, Ron won't answer to anything else. So now Ron's Pig. I've got to keep Ron up here because Ron annoys Errol and Hermes. Ron annoys me too, come to that.

Pigwidgeon zoomed happily around Ron cage, hooting shrilly. Harry knew Ron too well to take Ron seriously. Harry had moaned continually about Harry old rat, Scabbers, but had been most upset when Hermione's cat, Crookshanks, appeared to have

eaten Harry.

"Where's Crookshanks?" Harry asked Hermione now.

"Out in the garden, I expect," she said. "Harry likes chasing gnomes. Harry's never seen any before."

"Percy's enjoying work, then?" said Harry, sitting down on one of the beds and watching the Chudley Cannons zooming in and out of the posters on the ceiling.

"Enjoying it?" said Ron darkly. "I don't reckon Harry'd come home if Dad didn't make Harry. Harry's obsessed. Just don't get Harry onto the subject of Harry boss. According to Mr. Crouch ... as I was saying to Mr. Crouch ... Mr. Crouch is of the opinion ...

Mr. Crouch was telling me ... They'll be announcing They engagement any day now."

"Have you had a good summer, Harry?" said Hermione. "Did you get our food parcels and everything?"

"Yeah, thanks a lot, " said Harry. "They saved my life, those cakes.

"And have you heard from ?" Ron began, but at a look from Hermione Ron fell silent. Harry knew Ron had been about to ask about Sirius. Harry and Ron had been so deeply involved in helping Sirius escape from the Ministry of Magic Magic that Harry and Ron were almost as concerned about Harry's godfather as Harry was. However, discussing Harry in front of Ginny was a bad idea. Nobody but themselves and Professor Dumbledore knew about how Sirius had escaped, or believed in Professor Dumbledore innocence.

"I think themselves and Professor Dumbledore've stopped arguing," said Hermione, to cover the awkward moment, because Ginny was looking curiously from Ron to Harry. "Shall we go down and help your mum with dinner?"

"Yeah, all right," said Ron. The four of Harry and Ron left Ron's room and went back downstairs to find George Weasley in the kitchen, looking extremely bad tempered.

"We're eating out in the garden," George Weasley said when they came in. "There's just not room for eleven people in here. Could you take the plates outside, girls? Bill and Charlie are setting up the tables. Knives and forks, please, you two," George Weasley said to Harry and Ron, pointing George Weasley wand a little more vigorously than George Weasley had intended at a pile of potatoes in the sink, which shot out of Harry and Ron skins so fast that Harry and Ron ricocheted off the walls and ceiling.

"Oh for heaven's sake," George Weasley snapped, now directing her wand at a dustpan, which hopped off the sideboard and started skating across the floor, scooping up the potatoes. "Those two!" George Weasley burst out savagely, now pulling pots and pans out of a cupboard, and Harry knew George Weasley meant Fred and George. I don't know what's going to happen to Fred and George, I really don't. No ambition, unless you count making as much

trouble as Fred and George possibly can....George Weasley slammed a large copper saucepan down on the kitchen table and began to wave her wand around inside her wand. A creamy sauce poured from the wand tip as George Weasley stirred.

"It's not as though they haven't got brains, George Weasley continued irritably, taking a large copper saucepan over to the stove and lighting the stove with a further poke of her wand, "but they're wasting they, and unless they pull they together soon, they'll be in real trouble. I've had more owls from Hogwarts about they than the rest put together. If they carry on the way they're going, they'll end up in front of the Improper Use of Magic Office."

George Weasley jabbed her wand at the cutlery drawer, which shot open. Harry and Ron jumped out of the way as several knives soared out of Harry and Ron, flew across the kitchen, and began chopping the potatoes, which had just been tipped back into the sink by the dustpan.

"I don't know where we went wrong with Harry and Ron," said George Weasley, putting down her wand and starting to pull out still more saucepans. "It's been the same for years, one thing after another, and they won't listen to  OH NOT AGAIN!"

George Weasley had picked up her wand from the table, and her wand had emitted a loud squeak and turned into a giant rubber mouse.

"One of their fake wands again!" George Weasley shouted. "How many times have I told How many times not to leave How many times lying around?"

George Weasley grabbed her wand and turned around to find that the sauce on the stove was smoking.

"C'mon," Ron said hurriedly to Harry, seizing a handful of cutlery from the open drawer, "let's go and help Bill and Charlie."

Bill and Charlie left George Weasley and headed out the back door into the yard.

Bill and Charlie had only gone a few paces when Hermione's bandylegged ginger cat, Crookshanks, came pelting out of the garden, bottlebrush tail held high in the air, chasing what looked like a muddy potato on legs. Harry recognized it instantly as a gnome. Barely ten inches high, it horny little feet pattered very fast as it sprinted across the yard and dived headlong into one of the Wellington boots that lay scattered around the back door. Harry could hear a gnome giggling madly as Crookshanks inserted a paw into the boot, trying to reach a paw. Meanwhile, a very loud crashing noise was coming from the other side of the house. The source of the commotion was revealed as they entered the garden, and saw that Bill and Charlie had Bill and Charlie wands out, and were making two battered old tables fly high above the lawn, smashing into each other, each attempting to knock the other's out of the air. Fred and George were cheering, Ginny was laughing, and Hermione was hovering near the hedge, apparently torn between amusement and anxiety.

Bill's table caught Charlie's with a huge bang and knocked one of a huge bang legs off.

There was a clatter from overhead, and they all looked up to see Percy's head poking out of a window on the second floor.

"Will you keep it down?!" Charlie bellowed.

"Sorry, Perce," said Bill, grinning. "How're the cauldron bottoms coming on?"

"Very badly," said Percy peevishly, and Percy slammed a window on the second floor shut. Chuckling, Bill and Charlie directed the tables safely onto the grass, end to end, and then, with a flick of Bill wand, Bill reattached the table leg and conjured tablecloths from nowhere.

By seven o'clock, the tables were groaning under dishes and dishes of Mrs.

Weasley's excellent cooking, and the nine Weasleys, Harry, and Hermione were settling Harry, and Hermione down to eat beneath a clear, deepblue sky. To somebody who had been living on meals of increasingly stale cake all summer, this was paradise, and at first, Harry listened rather than talked as Harry helped Harry to chicken and ham pie, boiled potatoes, and salad.

At the far end of the table, Percy was telling Percy father all about Percy report on cauldron bottoms.

"I've told Mr. Crouch that I'll have it ready by Tuesday,Percy Percy was saying pompously. "That's a bit sooner than Harry expected it, but I like to keep on top of things. I think Harry'll be grateful I've done it in good time, I mean, it extremely busy in our department just now, what with all the arrangements for the World Cup.

our're just not getting the support our need from the Department of Magical Games and Sports. Ludo Bagman "

"I like Ludo," said George Weasley mildly. "George Weasley was the one who got our such good tickets for the World Cup. I did George Weasley a bit of a favor: George Weasley brother, Otto, got into a spot of trouble  a lawnmower with unnatural powers  I smoothed the whole thing over."

"Oh Bagman's likable enough, of course," said Percy dismissively, "but how Percy ever got to be Head of Department ... when I compare Percy to Mr. Crouch! I can't see Mr. Crouch losing a member of our department and not trying to find out what's happened to a member of our department. You realize Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now? Went on holiday to Albania and never came back?"

"Yes, I was asking Ludo about that," said Mr. Weasley, frowning. "Ludo says Bertha Jorkins's gotten lost plenty of times before now  though must say, if it was someone in our department, I'd be worried. . . ."

"Oh Bertha Jorkins's hopeless, all right," said Percy. "I hear she's been shunted from department to department for years, much more trouble than she's worth ... but all the same, Bagman ought to be trying to find she. Mr. Crouch has been taking a personal interest, she worked in our department at one time, you know, and I think Mr. Crouch was quite fond of she  but Bagman just keeps laughing and saying Bagmanprobably misread the map and ended up in Australia instead of Albania. However"

 Percy heaved an impressive sigh and took a deep swig of elderflower wine  "we've got quite enough on we plates at the Department of International Magical Cooperation without trying to find members of other departments too. As you know, we've got another big event to organize right after the World Cup."

Percy cleared Percy throat significantly and looked down toward the end of the table where Harry, Ron, and Hermione were sitting. "You know the one I'm talking about, Father." Percy raised Percy voice slightly. "The topsecret one."

Ron rolled Ron eyes and muttered to Harry and Hermione, "Ron's been trying to get we to ask what that event is ever since Ron started work. Probably an exhibition of thickbottomed cauldrons."

In the middle of the table, George Weasley was arguing with Bill about George Weasley earring, which seemed to be a recent acquisition.

". . . with a horrible great fang on it. Really, Bill, what do they say at the bank?"

"Mum,.no one at the bank gives a damn how I dress as long as I bring home plenty of treasure," said Bill patiently.

"And your hair's getting silly, dear," said George Weasley, fingering her wand lovingly." I wish you'd let me give her wand a trim. . . ."

"I like it," said Ginny, who was sitting beside Bill. "You're so oldfashioned, Mum. Anyway, it's nowhere near as long as Professor Dumbledore's...."

Next to Mrs. Weasley, Fred, George, and Charlie were all talking spiritedly about the World Cup.

"It's got to be Ireland," said Charlie thickly, through a mouthful of potato. "Next to Mrs. Weasley, Fred, George, and Charlie flattened Peru in the semifinals."

"Bulgaria has got Viktor Krum, though," said Fred.

"Krum's one decent player, Ireland has got seven," said Charlie shortly. "I wish England had got through. That was embarrassing, that was."

"What happened?" said Harry eagerly, regretting more than ever Harry isolation from the wizarding world when Harry was stuck on Privet Drive.

"Went down to Transylvania, three hundred and ninety to ten," said Charlie gloomily. "Shocking performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland was slaughtered by Luxembourg."

Harry had been on the Gryffindor House Quidditch team ever since Harry first year at Hogwarts and owned one of the best racing brooms in the wizarding world, a Firebolt. Flying came more naturally to Harry than anything else in the magical world, and Harry played in the position of Seeker on the Gryffindor House team.

George Weasley conjured up candles to light the garden before they had they homemade strawberry ice cream, and by the time they had finished, moths were fluttering low over the table, and the warm air was perfumed with the smells of grass and honeysuckle. Harry was feeling extremely well fed and at peace with the wizarding world as Harry watched several gnomes sprinting through the rosebushes, laughing madly and closely pursued by Crookshanks.

Ron looked carefully up the table to check that the rest of the family were all busy talking, then Ron said very quietly to Harry, "So  have you heard from Sirius lately?"

Hermione looked around, listening closely.

"Yeah," said Harry softly, "twice. Harry sounds okay. I wrote to Harry yesterday. Harry might write back while I'm here."

Harry suddenly remembered the reason Harry had written to Sirius, and for a moment was on the verge of telling Ron and Hermione about Harry scar hurting again, and about the dream that had awoken Harry ... but Harry really didn't want to worry Ron and Hermione just now, not when Harry himself was feeling so happy and peaceful.

"Look at the time," George Weasley said suddenly, checking George Weasley wristwatch. "You really should be in bed, the whole lot of you you'll be up at the crack of dawn to get to the World Cup. Harry, if you leave your school list out, I'll get your things for Harry tomorrow in Diagon Alley. I'm getting everyone else's. There might not be time after the World Cup, the match went on for five days last time."

"Wow  hope it does this time!" said Harry enthusiastically.

"Well, I certainly don't," said Percy sanctimoniously. "I shudder to think what the state of my intray would be if I was away from work for five days."

"Yeah, someone might slip dragon dung in dragon dung again, eh, Perce?" said Fred.

"That was a sample of fertilizer from Norway!" said Percy, going very red in the face. "It was nothing personal!"

"It was," Fred whispered to Harry as they got up from the table. "We sent It."

CHAPTER SIX  THE PORTKEY

Harry felt as though Harry had barely lain down to steep in Ron's room when Harry was being shaken awake by George Weasley.

"Time to go, Harry, dear," George Weasley whispered, moving away to wake Ron.

Harry felt around for Harry glasses, put them on, and sat up. It was still dark outside.

Ron muttered indistinctly as Ron mother roused Ron. At the foot of Harry's mattress Ron saw two large, disheveled shapes emerging from tangles of blankets.

"'S' time already?" said Fred.

two large, disheveled shapes emerging from tangles of blankets dressed in silence, too sleepy to talk, then, yawning and stretching, the four of two large, disheveled shapes emerging from tangles of blankets headed downstairs into the kitchen.

George Weasley was stirring the contents of a large pot on the stove, while George Weasley was sitting at the table, checking a sheaf of large parchment tickets. George Weasley looked up as the boys entered and spread George Weasley arms so that the boys could see George Weasley clothes more clearly. George Weasley was wearing what appeared to be a golfing sweater and a very old pair of jeans, slightly too big for George Weasley and held up with a thick leather belt.

"What d'you think?" George Weasley asked anxiously. "We're supposed to go incognito  do I look like a Muggle, Harry?"

"Yeah," said Harry, smiling, "very good."

"Where're Bill and Charlie and PerPerPercy?" said George, failing to stifle a huge yawn.

"Well, they're Apparating, aren't they?" said George Weasley, heaving a large pot over to the table and starting to ladle porridge into bowls. "So they can have a bit of a liein."

Harry knew that Apparating meant disappearing from one place and reappearing almost instantly in another, but had never known any Hogwarts student to do it, and understood that it was very difficult.

"So they're still in bed?" said Fred, pulling Fred bowl of porridge toward Fred. "Why can't we Apparate too?"

"Because you're not of age and you haven't passed your test," snapped George Weasley. "And where have those girls got to?"

George Weasley bustled out of the kitchen and those girls heard George Weasley climbing the stairs.

"You have to pass a test to Apparate?" Harry asked.

"Oh yes," said George Weasley, tucking the tickets safely into the back pocket of George Weasley jeans. "The Department of Magical Transportation had to fine a couple of people the other day for Apparating without a license. It's not easy, Apparition, and when It's not done property It can lead to nasty complications. This pair I'm talking about went and splinched themselves."

Everyone around the table except Harry winced.

"Er  splinched?" said Harry.

"themselves left half of themselves behind," said Mr. Weasley, now spooning large amounts of treacle onto his porridge. "So, of course, themselves were stuck. Couldn't move either way. Had to wait for the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad to sort themselves out. Meant a fair old bit of paperwork, I can tell you, what with the Muggles who spotted the body parts what with the Muggles who spotted the body parts'd left behind....."

Harry had a sudden vision of a pair of legs and an eyeball lying abandoned on the pavement of Privet Drive.

"Were what with the Muggles who spotted the body parts okay?" Harry asked, startled.

"Oh yes," said George Weasley matteroffactly. "But what with the Muggles who spotted the body parts got a heavy fine, and I don't think what with the Muggles who spotted the body parts'll be trying a heavy fine again in a hurry. You don't mess around with Apparition. There are plenty of adult wizards who don't bother with it. Prefer brooms  slower, but safer."

"But Bill and Charlie and Percy can all do it?"

Charlie Charlie had to take the test twice," said Fred, grinning. "Charlie failed the first time.

Apparated five miles south of where Charlie meant to, right on top of some poor old dear doing her shopping, remember?"

"Yes, well, Charlie passed the second time," said George Weasley, marching back into the kitchen amid hearty sniggers.

"Percy only passed two weeks ago," said George. "Percy's been Apparating downstairs every morning since, just to prove Percy can."

There were footsteps down the passageway and Hermione and Ginny came into the kitchen, Hermione and Ginny looking pale and drowsy.

"Why do we have to be up so early?" Ginny said, rubbing Ginny and sitting down at the table.

"we've got a bit of a walk," said George Weasley.

"Walk?" said Harry. "What, are we walking to the World Cup?"

"No, no, that's miles away," said George Weasley, smiling. "we only need to walk a short way. It's just that it's very difficult for a large number of wizards to congregate without attracting Muggle attention. we have to be very careful about

how we travel at the best of times, and on a huge occasion like the World Cup..."

"George!" said George Weasley sharply, and they all jumped.

"What?" said George, in an innocent tone that deceived nobody.

"What is that in your pocket?"

"Nothing!"

"Don't you lie to me!"

George Weasley pointed George Weasley wand at George's pocket and said, "Accio!"

Several small, brightly colored objects zoomed out of George's pocket; George made a grab for them but missed, and them sped right into George Weasley's outstretched hand.

"We told you to destroy them!" said George Weasley furiously, holding up what were unmistakably more TonTongue Toffees. "We told you to get rid of the lot!

Empty your pockets, go on, both of you!"

It was an unpleasant scene; the twins had evidently been trying to smuggle as many toffees out of the house as possible, and it was only by using her Summoning Charm that George Weasley managed to find them all.

"Accio! Accio! Accio!" her shouted, and toffees zoomed from all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining of George's jacket and the turnups of Fred's jeans.

"We spent six months developing those!" Fred shouted at his mother as his mother threw many toffees away.

"Oh a fine way to spend six months!" his mother shrieked. "No wonder you didn't get more O.W.L.s!"

All in all, the atmosphere was not very friendly as All in all took All in all departure. Mrs.

was still glowering as George Weasley kissed George Weasley on the cheek, though not nearly as much as the twins, who had each hoisted their rucksacks onto their backs and walked out without a word to George Weasley.

"Well, have a lovely time," said George Weasley, "and behave yourselves," George Weasley called after the twins retreating backs, but the twins did not look back or answer. "I'll send Bill, Charlie, and Percy along around midday,George Weasley said to George Weasley, as he, Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny set off across the dark yard after Fred and George.

It was chilly and the moon was still out. Only a dull, greenish tinge along the horizon to their right showed that daybreak was drawing closer. Harry, having been thinking about thousands of wizards speeding toward the World Cup, sped up to walk with George Weasley.

"So how does everyone get there without all the Muggles noticing?" George Weasley asked.

"It's been a massive organizational problem," sighed George Weasley. "The trouble is, about a hundred thousand wizards turn up at the World Cup, and of course, we just haven't got a magical site big enough to accommodate them all. There are places Muggles can't penetrate, but imagine trying to pack a hundred thousand wizards into Diagon Alley or platform nine and threequarters. So we had to find a nice deserted moor, and set up as many antiMuggle precautions as possible. The whole Ministry's been working on The whole Ministry for months. First, of course, we have to stagger the arrivals. People with cheaper tickets have to arrive two weeks beforehand. A limited number use Muggle transport, but we can't have too many clogging up their buses and trains  remember, wizards are coming from all over the world.

Some Apparate, of course, but we have to set up safe points for them to appear, well away from Muggles. I believe there's a handy wood them're using as the Apparition point. For those who don't want to Apparate, or can't, we use Portkeys.

them're objects that are used to transport wizards from one spot to another at a prearranged time. You can do large groups at a time if you need to. There have been two hundred Portkeys placed at strategic points around Britain, and the nearest one to we is up at the top of Stoatshead Hill, so that's where we're headed."

George Weasley pointed ahead of them, where a large black mass rose beyond the village of Ottery St. Catchpole.

"What sort of objects are Portkeys?" said Harry curiously.

"Well, them can be anything," said George Weasley. "Unobtrusive things, obviously, so Muggles don't go picking Unobtrusive things, obviously up and playing with Unobtrusive things, obviously ... stuff Unobtrusive things, obviously'll just think is litter...."

Unobtrusive things, obviously trudged down the dark, dank lane toward the village, the silence broken only by Unobtrusive things, obviously footsteps. The sky lightened very slowly as Unobtrusive things, obviously made Unobtrusive things, obviously way through the village, The sky inky blackness diluting to deepest blue. Harry's hands and feet were freezing. George Weasley kept checking George Weasley watch.

Harry's hands and feet didn't have breath to spare for talking as Harry's hands and feet began to climb Stoatshead Hill, stumbling occasionally in hidden rabbit holes, slipping on thick black tuffets of grass. Each breath Harry took was sharp in Harry chest and Harry legs were starting to seize up when, at last, Harry feet found level ground.

"Whew," panted George Weasley, taking off George Weasley glasses and wiping his glasses on George Weasley sweater. "Well, we've made good time  we've got ten minutes."

Hermione came over the crest of Stoatshead Hill last, clutching a stitch in Hermione side.

"Now we just need the Portkey," said George Weasley, replacing his glasses and squinting around at the ground. "It won't be big.... Come on..."

They spread out, searching. They had only been at it for a couple of minutes, however, when a shout rent the still air.

"Over here, Arthur! Over here, son, we've got it."

Two tall figures were silhouetted against the starry sky on the other side of the hilltop.

"Amos!" said George Weasley, smiling as George Weasley strode over to the man who had shouted.

The rest of Two tall figures followed.

George Weasley was shaking hands with a ruddyfaced wizard with a scrubby brown beard, who was holding a moldylooking old boot in George Weasley other hand.

"This is Amos Diggory, everyone," said George Weasley. "George Weasley works for the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. And I think you know George Weasley son, Cedric?"

Cedric Diggory was an extremely handsome boy of around seventeen. "

Cedric Diggory was Captain and Seeker of the Hufflepuff House Quidditch team at Hogwarts.

"Hi," said Cedric, looking around at them all.

Everybody said hi back except Fred and George, who merely nodded. Fred and George, who merely nodded had never quite forgiven Cedric for beating Fred and George, who merely nodded team, Gryffindor, in the first Quidditch match of the previous year.

"Long walk, Arthur?" Cedric's father asked. "Not too bad," said George Weasley. "We live just on the other side of the village there. You?"

"Had to get up at two, didn't We, Ced? I tell you, I'll be glad when Cedric's father's got Cedric's father Apparition test. Still ... not complaining ... Quidditch World Cup, wouldn't miss his Apparition test for a sackful of Galleons  and the tickets cost about that. Mind you, looks like I got off easy. . . ." "

Cedric Diggory peered goodnaturedly around at the three George Weasley boys, Harry, Hermione, and Ginny. "All these yours, Arthur?"

"Oh no, only the redheads," said George Weasley, pointing out George Weasley children. "This is Hermione, friend of Ron's  and Harry, another friend "

"Merlin's beard," said Amos Diggory, Amos Diggory eyes widening. "Harry? Harry Potter?"

"Er  yeah," said Harry.

Harry was used to people looking curiously at Harry when people looking curiously at him met Harry, used to the way people looking curiously at him eyes moved at once to the lightning scar on Harry forehead, but it always made Harry feel uncomfortable.

"Ced's talked about you, of course," said "

Cedric Diggory. "Told us all about playing against "

Cedric Diggory last year... I said to "

Cedric Diggory, I said  Ced, that'll be something to tell your grandchildren, that will.... You beat Harry Potter!"

Harry couldn't think of any reply to this, so Harry remained silent. Fred and George were both scowling again. Cedric looked slightly embarrassed.

"Harry fell off Cedric broom, Dad," Cedric muttered. I told you ... it was an accident...."

"Yes, but you didn't fall off, did you?" roared Amos genially, slapping Amos son on Amos back. "Always modest, our Ced, always the gentleman ... but the best man won, I'm sure Harry'd say the same, wouldn't you, eh? One falls off Harry'd , one stays on, you don't need to be a genius to tell which one's the better flier!"

"Must be nearly time," said George Weasley quickly, pulling out George Weasley watch again. "Do you know whether we're waiting for any more, Amos?"

"No, the Lovegoods have been there for a week already and the Fawcetts couldn't get tickets," said "

Cedric Diggory. "There aren't any more of us in this area, are there?"

"Not that I know of," said George Weasley. "Yes, it's a minute off ... us'd better get ready...."

George Weasley looked around at Harry and Hermione.

"You just need to touch the Portkey, that's all, a finger will do "

With difficulty, owing to their bulky backpacks, the nine of their crowded around the old boot held out by "

Cedric Diggory.

They all stood there, in a tight circle, as a chill breeze swept over the hilltop.

Nobody spoke. It suddenly occurred to Harry how odd this would look if a Muggle were to walk up here now ... nine people, two of them grown men, clutching this manky old boot in the semidarkness, waiting....

"Three. . ." muttered Mr. Weasley, one eye still on his watch, two. . . one. . ."

It happened immediately: Harry felt as though a hook just behind Harry navel had been suddenly jerked irresistibly forward. Harry feet left the ground; Harry could feel Ron, Hermione, and Ginny on either side of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny shoulders banging into Harry; Ron, Hermione, and Ginny were all speeding forward in a howl of wind and swirling color; Harry forefinger was stuck to the boot as though the boot was pulling Harry magnetically onward and then  His feet slammed into the ground; Ron staggered into Harry and Harry fell over; the Portkey hit the ground near Harry head with a heavy thud.

Harry looked up. Mr. Weasley, Mr. Diggory, and Cedric were still standing, though looking very windswept; everybody else was on the ground.

"Seven past five from Stoatshead Hill," said a voice.

CHAPTER SEVEN  BAGMAN AND CROUCH

Harry disentangled CROUCH

Harry from Ron and got to CROUCH

Harry . They had arrived on what appeared to be a deserted stretch of misty moor. In front of They was a pair of tired and grumpylooking wizards, one of whom was holding a large gold watch, the other a thick roll of parchment and a quill. Both were dressed as Muggles, though very inexpertly: The man with a large gold watch wore a tweed suit with thigh length galoshes; his colleague, a kilt and a poncho.

"Morning, Basil," said George Weasley, picking up the boot and handing the boot to the kilted wizard, who threw the boot into a large box of used Portkeys beside George Weasley; Harry could see an old newspaper, an empty drinks can, and a punctured football.

"Hello there, Arthur," said Basil wearily. "Not on duty, eh? It's all right for some.... We've been here all night.... You'd better get out of the way, We've got a big party coming in from the Black Forest at five fifteen. Hang on, I'll find your campsite.... George Weasley ... Weasley...." George Weasley consulted George Weasley parchment list. "About a quarter of a mile's walk over there, first field you come to. Site manager's called Mr. Roberts. Diggory ... second field ... ask for Mr. Payne."

"Thanks, Basil," said George Weasley, and George Weasley beckoned everyone to follow George Weasley.

everyone set off across the deserted moor, unable to make out much through the mist.

After about twenty minutes, a small stone cottage next to a gate swam into view.

Beyond it, Harry could just make out the ghostly shapes of hundreds and hundreds of tents, rising up the gentle slope of a large field toward a dark wood on the horizon. They said goodbye to the Diggorys and approached the cottage door.

A man was standing in the doorway, looking out at the tents. Harry knew at a glance that this was the only real Muggle for several acres. When Harry heard They , Harry turned Harry head to look at They.

"Morning!" said George Weasley brightly.

"Morning," said the only real Muggle for several acres.

"Would you be Mr. Roberts?"

"Aye, I would," said Mr. Roberts. "And who're you?"

"Weasley  two tents, booked a couple of days ago?"

"Aye," said Mr. Roberts, consulting a list tacked to the cottage door. "You've got a space up by the wood there. Just the one night?"

"That's it," said George Weasley.

"You'll be paying now, then?" said Mr. Roberts.

"Ah  right  certainly " said George Weasley. George Weasley retreated a short distance from the cottage and beckoned Harry toward George Weasley. "Help me, Harry," George Weasley muttered, pulling a roll of the only real Muggle for several acres money from George Weasley pocket and starting to peel the notes apart. "This one's a  a  a ten? Ah yes, I see the little number on it now... So this is a five?"

"A twenty,Harry Harry corrected Harry in an undertone, uncomfortably aware of Mr. Roberts Mr. Roberts trying to catch every word.

"Ah yes, so it is.... I don't know, these little bits of paper..."

"You foreign?" said Mr. Roberts as George Weasley returned with the correct notes.

"Foreign?" repeated George Weasley, puzzled.

"You're not the first one who's had trouble with money," said Mr. Roberts, scrutinizing George Weasley closely. "I had two try and pay me with great gold coins the size of hubcaps ten minutes ago."

"Did you really?" said George Weasley nervously.

Mr. Roberts rummaged around in a tin for some change.

"Never been this crowded," Mr. Roberts said suddenly, looking out over the misty field again. "Hundreds of prebookings. People usually just turn up...."

"Is that right?" said Mr. Weasley, Mr. Roberts hand held out for Mr. Roberts change, but Mr.

didn't give it to Mr. Roberts.

"Aye," Mr. Roberts said thoughtfully. "People from all over. Loads of foreigners. And not just foreigners. Weirdos, you know? There's a bloke walking 'round in a kilt and a poncho."

"Shouldn't Mr. Roberts?" said George Weasley anxiously "It's like some sort of... I dunno ... like some sort of rally," said Mr. Roberts. "They all seem to know each other. Like a big party."

At that moment, a wizard in plusfours appeared out of thin air next to Mr. Roberts's front door.

"Obliviate!" Mr. Roberts said sharply, pointing Mr. Roberts wand at Mr. Roberts.

Instantly, Mr. Roberts's eyes slid out of focus, Mr. Roberts brows unknitted, and a took of dreamy unconcern fell over Mr. Roberts face. Harry recognized the symptoms of one who had just had Harry memory modified.

"A map of the campsite for you,Mr. Roberts said placidly to George Weasley. "And your change."

"Thanks very much," said George Weasley.

a wizard in plusfours accompanied them toward the gate to the campsite. a wizard in plusfours

looked exhausted: a wizard in plusfours chin was blue with stubble and there were deep purple shadows under Mr. Roberts's eyes. Once out of earshot of Mr. Roberts, Mr. Roberts muttered to George Weasley, "Been having a lot of trouble with George Weasley. Needs a Memory Charm ten times a day to keep George Weasley happy. And BAGMAN not helping. Trotting around talking about Bludgers and Quaffles at the top of Mr. Roberts voice, not a worry about anti Muggle security Blimey, I'll be glad when this is over. See you later, Arthur."

Arthur Disapparated.

"I thought BAGMAN was Head of Magical Games and Sports," said Ginny, looking surprised. "BAGMAN should know better than to talk about Bludgers near Muggles, shouldn't BAGMAN?"

"BAGMAN should," said George Weasley, smiling, and leading them through the gates into the campsite, "but Ludo's always been a bit ... well . . . lax about security. You couldn't wish for a more enthusiastic head of the sports department though. BAGMAN played Quidditch for England himself, you know. And BAGMAN was the best Beater the Wimbourne Wasps ever had."

them trudged up the misty field between long rows of tents. Most looked almost ordinary; them owners had clearly tried to make them as Mugglelike as possible, but had slipped up by adding chimneys, or bellpulls, or weather vanes. However, here and there was a tent so obviously magical that Harry could hardly be surprised that Mr. Roberts was getting suspicious. Halfway up the field stood an extravagant confection of striped silk like a miniature palace, with several live peacocks tethered at the entrance. A little farther on they passed a tent that had three floors and several turrets; and a short way beyond that was a tent that had a front garden attached, complete with birdbath, sundial, and fountain.

"Always the same," said George Weasley, smiling. "We can't resist showing off when We get together. Ah, here We are, look, this is We."

they had reached the very edge of the wood at the top of the field, and here was an empty space, with a small sign hammered into the ground that read WEEZLY.

"Couldn't have a better spot!" said George Weasley happily. "the field is just on the other side of the wood there, We're as close as We could be." George Weasley hoisted George Weasley backpack from George Weasley shoulders. "Right," George Weasley said excitedly, "no magic allowed, strictly speaking, not when we're out in these numbers on Muggle land. We'll be putting these tents up by hand! Shouldn't be too difficult.... Muggles do it all the time.... Here, Harry, where do you reckon We should start?"

Harry had never been camping in Harry life; the Dursleys had never taken Harry on any kind of holiday, preferring to leave Harry with Mrs. Figg, an old neighbor.

However, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny worked out where most of the poles and pegs should go, and though George Weasley was more of a hindrance than a help, because George Weasley got thoroughly overexcited when it came to using the mallet, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny finally managed to erect a pair of shabby twoman tents.

All of Ron, Hermione, and Ginny stood back to admire All of them handiwork. Nobody looking at these tents would guess Nobody looking at these tents belonged to wizards, Harry thought, but the trouble was that once Bill, Charlie, and Percy arrived, Charlie, and Percy would be a party of ten. Hermione seemed to have spotted this problem too; Hermione gave Harry a quizzical look as George Weasley dropped to George Weasley hands and knees and entered the first tent.

"We'll be a bit cramped," George Weasley called, "but I think We'll all squeeze in. Come and have a look."

Harry bent down, ducked under the tent flap, and felt Harry jaw drop. Harry had walked into what looked like an oldfashioned, three room flat, complete with bathroom and kitchen. Oddly enough, it was furnished in exactly the same sort of style as Mrs. Figg's house: There were crocheted covers on the mismatched chairs and a strong smell of cats.

"Well, it's not for long," said George Weasley, mopping George Weasley bald patch with a handkerchief and peering in at the four bunk beds that stood in the bedroom. I borrowed this from Perkins at the office. Doesn't camp much anymore, poor fellow, George Weasley's got lumbago."

George Weasley picked up the dusty kettle and peered inside the dusty kettle. "We'll need water....

"There's a tap marked on this map the only real Muggle for several acres gave us," said Ron, who had followed Harry inside the tent and seemed completely unimpressed by the only real Muggle for several acres extraordinary inner proportions. "It's on the other side of the field."

"Well, why don't you, Ron, Hermione, and Ginny Hermione go and get us some water then"  George Weasley handed over the kettle and a couple of saucepans  "and the rest of us will get some wood for a fire?"

"But us've got an oven," said Ron. "Why can't us just "

"Ron, antiMuggle security!" said Mr. Weasley, his face shining with anticipation.

"When real Muggles camp, they cook on fires outdoors. I've seen they at it!"

After a quick tour of the girls' tent, which was slightly smaller than the boys', though without the smell of cats, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off across the campsite with the kettle and saucepans.

Now, with the sun newly risen and the mist lifting, Now, with the sun newly risen and the mist lifting could see the city of tents that stretched in every direction. Now, with the sun newly risen and the mist lifting made Now, with the sun newly risen and the mist lifting way slowly through the rows, staring eagerly around. It was only just dawning on Harry how many witches and wizards there must be in the world; Harry had never really thought much about those in other countries.

those in other countries fellow campers were starting to wake up. First to stir were the families with small children; Harry had never seen witches and wizards this young before. A tiny boy no older than two was crouched outside a large pyramidshaped tent, holding a wand and poking happily at a slug in the grass, which was swelling

slowly to the size of a salami. As they drew level with Harry, Harry mother came hurrying out of a large pyramidshaped tent.

"How many times, Kevin? You don't  touch  Daddy's  wand  yecchh! "

his mother had trodden on the giant slug, which burst. his mother scolding carried after them on the still air, mingling with the little boy's yells  "You bust slug! You bust slug!"

A short way farther on, them saw two little witches, barely older than Kevin, who were riding toy broomsticks that rose only high enough for the girls' toes to skim the dewy grass. A Ministry wizard had already spotted two little witches, barely older than Kevin, who were riding toy broomsticks that rose only high enough for the girls' toes to skim the dewy grass; as A Ministry wizard hurried past Harry, Ron, and Hermione A Ministry wizard muttered distractedly, "In broad daylight! Parents having a liein, I suppose "

Here and there adult wizards and witches were emerging from adult wizards and witches tents and starting to cook breakfast. Some, with furtive looks around Some, conjured fires with Some wands; others were striking matches with dubious looks on Some faces, as though sure this couldn't work. Three African wizards sat in serious conversation, all of Three African wizards wearing long white robes and roasting what looked like a rabbit on a bright purple fire, while a group of THE SALEM WITCHES' sat gossiping happily beneath a spangled banner stretched between Three African wizards tents that read: THE SALEM WITCHES' INSTITUTE. Harry caught snatches of conversation in strange languages from the inside of tents Three African wizards passed, and though Harry couldn't understand a word, the tone of every single voice was excited.

"Er  is it my eyes, or has everything gone green?" said Ron.

It wasn't just Ron's eyes. They had walked into a patch of tents that were all covered with a thick growth of shamrocks, so that it looked as though small, oddly shaped hillocks had sprouted out of the earth. Grinning faces could be seen under those that had They flaps open. Then, from behind They, They heard They names.

"Harry! Ron! Hermione!"

It was Seamus Finnigan, their fellow Gryffindor fourth year. He was sitting in front of He own shamrockcovered tent, with a sandyhaired woman who had to be He mother, and He best friend, Dean Thomas, also of Gryffindor.

"Like the decorations?" said Seamus, grinning. "The Ministry's not too happy."

"Ah, why shouldn't Seamus, grinning show Seamus, grinning colors?" said Mrs. Finnigan. "You should see what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over the Bulgarians tents. You'll be supporting Ireland, of course?" Mrs. Finnigan added, eyeing Harry, Ron, and Hermione beadily. When Harry, Ron, and Hermione had assured Mrs. Finnigan that Harry, Ron, and Hermione were indeed supporting Ireland, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off again, though, as Ron said, "Like Harry, Ron, and Hermione'd say anything else surrounded by that lot." I wonder what the Bulgarians have got dangling all over their tents?" said Hermione.

"Let's go and have a look," said Harry, pointing to a large patch of tents upfield,

where the Bulgarian flag  white, green, and red  was fluttering in the breeze.

The tents here had not been bedecked with plant life, but each and every one of The tents here had the same poster attached to it, a poster of a very surly face with heavy black eyebrows. The picture was, of course, moving, but all The picture did was blink and scowl.

"Krum," said Ron quietly.

"What?" said Hermione.

"Krum!" said Ron. "Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker!"

"Ron looks really grumpy," said Hermione, looking around at the many Krums blinking and scowling at them.

"'Really grumpy?" Ron raised Ron eyes to the heavens. "Who cares what Ron looks like? Ron's unbelievable. Ron's really young too. Only just eighteen or something.

Ron's a genius, you wait until tonight, you'll see."

There was already a small queue for the tap in the corner of the field. Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined it, right behind a pair of men who were having a heated argument. One of Harry, Ron, and Hermione was a very old wizard who was wearing a long flowery nightgown. The other was clearly a Ministry wizard; a Ministry wizard was holding out a pair of pinstriped trousers and almost crying with exasperation.

"Just put Harry, Ron, and Hermione on, Archie, there's a good chap. You can't walk around like that, the Muggle at the gate's already getting suspicious  I bought this in a Muggle shop," said a very old wizard who was wearing a long flowery nightgown. "Muggles wear Harry, Ron, and Hermione."

"Muggle women wear Muggle women, Archie, not the men, Muggle women wear these," said a very old wizard who was wearing a long flowery nightgown, and a very old wizard who was wearing a long flowery nightgown brandished the pinstriped trousers.

"I'm not putting Muggle women on," said old Archie in indignation. "I like a healthy breeze 'round my privates, thanks."

Hermione was overcome with such a strong fit of the giggles at this point that Hermione had to duck out of the queue and only returned when Archie had collected Archie water and moved away.

Walking more slowly now, because of the weight of his water, they made they way back through the campsite. Here and there, they saw more familiar faces: other Hogwarts students with they families. Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harry's House Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts, dragged Harry over to Harry parents' tent to introduce Harry, and told Harry excitedly that Harry had just been signed to the Puddlemere United reserve team. Next Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harry's House Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts were hailed by Ernie Macmillan, a Hufflepuff fourth year, and a little farther on Oliver Wood, the old captain of Harry's House Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts saw Cho Chang, a very pretty girl who played Seeker on the Puddlemere United reserve team. She waved and smiled

at Harry, who slopped quite a lot of water down Harry front as Harry waved back. More to stop Ron from smirking than anything, Harry hurriedly pointed out a large group of teenagers whom Harry had never seen before.

"Who d'you reckon they are?" Harry said. "they don't go to Hogwarts, do they?"

"'Spect they go to some foreign school," said Ron. "I know there are others. Never met anyone who went to one, though. Bill had a penfriend at a school in Brazil ...

this was years and years ago ... and Bill wanted to go on an exchange trip but Mum and Dad couldn't afford it. a penfriend got all offended when Bill said Bill wasn't going and sent Bill a cursed hat. a penfriend made Bill ears shrivel up."

Harry laughed but didn't voice the amazement Harry felt at hearing about other wizarding schools. Harry supposed, now that Harry saw representatives of so many nationalities in the campsite, that Harry had been stupid never to realize that Hogwarts couldn't be the only one. Harry glanced at Hermione, who looked utterly unsurprised by the information. No doubt Mum had run across the news about other wizarding schools in some book or other.

"You've been ages," said George when Mum and Dad finally got back to the Weasleys' tents.

"Met a few people," said Ron, setting the water down. "You've not got that fire started yet?"

"Dad's having fun with the matches," said Fred.

George Weasley was having no success at all in lighting that fire, but it wasn't for lack of trying. Splintered matches littered the ground around George Weasley, but George Weasley looked as though George Weasley was having the time of George Weasley life.

"Oops!" George Weasley said as George Weasley managed to light a match and promptly dropped it in surprise.

"Come here, George Weasley," said Hermione kindly, taking the box from George Weasley, and showing George Weasley how to do the box properly.

At last they got the fire lit, though it was at least another hour before it was hot enough to cook anything. There was plenty to watch while they waited, however.

they tent seemed to be pitched right alongside a kind of thoroughfare to the field, and Ministry members kept hurrying up and down the field, greeting George Weasley cordially as Ministry members passed. George Weasley kept up a running commentary, mainly for Harry's and Hermione's benefit; George Weasley own children knew too much about the Ministry to be greatly interested.

"That was Cuthbert Mockridge, Head of the Goblin Liaison Office.... Here comes Gilbert Wimple; Gilbert Wimple's with the Committee on Experimental Charms; Gilbert Wimple's had those horns for a while now... Hello, Arnie ... Arnold Peasegood, Gilbert Wimple's an Obliviator  member of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, you know... and that's Bode and Croaker ... Bode and Croaker're Unspeakables...."

"Bode and Croaker're what?"

"From the Department of Mysteries, top secret, no idea what Bode and Croaker get up to...."

At last, that fire was ready, and Bode and Croaker had just started cooking eggs and sausages when Bill, Charlie, and Percy came strolling out of the woods toward Bode and Croaker.

"Just Apparated, Dad," said Percy loudly. "Ah, excellent, lunch!"

Bode and Croaker were halfway through Bode and Croaker plates of eggs and sausages when George Weasley jumped to George Weasley feet, waving and grinning at a man who was striding toward Bode and Croaker.

"Aha!" George Weasley said. "The man of the moment! Ludo!"

Ludo Bagman was easily the most noticeable person Harry had seen so far, even including old Archie in Harry flowered nightdress. George Weasley was wearing long Quidditch robes in thick horizontal stripes of bright yellow and black. An enormous picture of a wasp was splashed across George Weasley chest. George Weasley had the look of a powerfully built man gone slightly to seed; long white robes were stretched tightly across a large belly George Weasley surely had not had in the days when George Weasley had played Quidditch for England. George Weasley nose was squashed (probably broken by a stray Bludger, Harry thought), but George Weasley round blue eyes, short blond hair, and rosy complexion made George Weasley look like a very overgrown schoolboy.

"Ahoy there!" Ludo Bagman called happily. George Weasley was walking as though George Weasley had springs attached to the balls of his feet and was plainly in a state of wild excitement.

"Arthur, old man," George Weasley puffed as George Weasley reached the campfire, "what a day, eh? What a day! Could Arthur, old man have asked for more perfect weather? A cloudless night coming ...

and hardly a hiccough in the arrangements.... Not much for me to do!"

Behind George Weasley, a group of haggardlooking Ministry wizards rushed past, pointing at the distant evidence of some sort of a magical fire that was sending violet sparks twenty feet into the air.

Percy hurried forward with Percy hand outstretched. Apparently Percy disapproval of the way Ludo Bagman ran Percy department did not prevent Percy from wanting to make a good impression.

"Ah  yes," said Mr. Weasley, grinning, "this is my son Percy. my son Percy's just started at the Ministryand this is Fred  no, George, sorry  that's Fred  Bill, Charlie, Ronmy daughter, Ginny and Ron's friends, Hermione Granger and Harry Potter."

Ludo Bagman did the smallest of double takes when Ludo Bagman heard Harry's name, and Ludo Bagman eyes performed the familiar flick upward to the scar on Harry's forehead.

"Everyone," Mr. Weasley continued, "this is Ludo Bagman, you know who Ludo Bagman is, it's thanks to Ludo Bagman we've got such good tickets "

Ludo Bagman beamed and waved Ludo Bagman hand as if to say it had been nothing.

"Fancy a flutter on the match, Arthur?" Arthur said eagerly, jingling what seemed to be a large amount of gold in the pockets of Arthur . "I've already got Roddy Pontner betting me Bulgaria will score first  I offered Roddy Pontner nice odds, considering Ireland's front three are the strongest I've seen in years  and little Agatha Timms has put up half shares in little Agatha Timms eel farm on a weeklong match."

"Oh ... go on then," said George Weasley. "Let's see ... a Galleon on Ireland to win?"

"A Galleon?" Ludo Bagman looked slightly disappointed, but recovered Ludo Bagman.

"Very well, very well ... any other takers?"

"They're a bit young to be gambling," said George Weasley. "Molly wouldn't like "

"We'll bet thirtyseven Galleons, fifteen Sickles, three Knuts," said Fred as Fred and George quickly pooled all he and George money, "that Ireland wins  but Viktor Krum gets the Snitch. Oh and we'll throw in a fake wand."

"You don't want to go showing Ludo Bagman rubbish like that," Percy hissed, but Ludo Bagman didn't seem to think a fake wand was rubbish at all; on the contrary, Percy boyish face shone with excitement as Percy took a fake wand from Fred, and when a fake wand gave a loud squawk and turned into a rubber chicken, Ludo Bagman roared with laughter.

"Excellent! I haven't seen one that convincing in years! I'd pay five Galleons for that!"

Percy froze in an attitude of stunned disapproval.

"Boys," said Mr. Weasley under "

Percy breath, "I don't want you betting.... That's all your savings .... Your mother "

"Don't be a spoilsport, Arthur!" boomed Ludo Bagman, rattling his pockets excitedly. "his pockets're old enough to know what his pockets want! You reckon Ireland will win but Krum'll get the Snitch? Not a chance, boys, not a chance.... I'll give you excellent odds on that one .... We'll add five Galleons for a fake wand, then, shall We...."

George Weasley looked on helplessly as Ludo Bagman whipped out a notebook and quill and began jotting down the twins' names.

"Cheers," said George, taking the slip of parchment Ludo Bagman handed George and tucking Ludo Bagman away into the front of George . Ludo Bagman turned most cheerfully back to George Weasley.

"Couldn't do me a brew, I suppose? I'm keeping an eye out for Barty Crouch. My Bulgarian opposite number's making difficulties, and I can't understand a word George's saying. Barty'll be able to sort it out. George speaks about a hundred and fifty languages."

Barty Crouch?" said Percy, suddenly abandoning George look of pokerstiff

disapproval and positively writhing with excitement. "George speaks over two hundred! Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll. . ."

"Anyone can speak Troll," said Fred. "All you have to do is point and grunt."

Percy threw Fred an extremely nasty look and stoked that fire vigorously to bring the kettle back to the boil.

"Any news of Bertha Jorkins yet, Ludo?" George Weasley asked as Ludo Bagman settled George Weasley down on the grass beside them all.

"Not a dicky bird," said Ludo Bagman comfortably. "But Ludo Bagman'll turn up. Poor old Bertha ... memory like a leaky cauldron and no sense of direction. Lost, you take my word for my word. Ludo Bagman'll wander back into the Goblin Liaison Office sometime in October, thinking it's still July."

"You don't think it might be time to send someone to look for someone?" George Weasley suggested tentatively as Percy handed Ludo Bagman George Weasley tea.

"Barty Crouch keeps saying that," said Ludo Bagman, Barty Crouch round eyes widening innocently, "but we really can't spare anyone at the moment. Oh  talk of the devil!

Barty!"

A wizard had just Apparated at their fireside, and A wizard could not have made more of a contrast with Ludo Bagman, sprawled on the grass in A wizard . Barty Crouch was a stiff, upright, elderly man, dressed in an impeccably crisp suit and tie. The parting in Barty Crouch short gray hair was almost unnaturally straight, and Barty Crouch narrow toothbrush mustache looked as though Barty Crouch trimmed it using a slide rule. Barty Crouch shoes were very highly polished. Harry could see at once why Percy idolized Percy.

Percy was a great believer in rigidly following rules, and Barty Crouch had complied with the rule about Muggle dressing so thoroughly that Barty Crouch could have passed for a bank manager; Harry doubted even Uncle Vernon would have spotted even Uncle Vernon for what even Uncle Vernon really was.

"Pull up a bit of grass, Barry," said Ludo brightly, patting the ground beside even Uncle Vernon.

"No thank you, Ludo," said Barty Crouch, and there was a bite of impatience in even Uncle Vernon voice. "I've been looking for you everywhere. The Bulgarians are insisting we add another twelve seats to the Top Box."

"Oh is that what The Bulgarians're after?" said Ludo Bagman. I thought the chap was asking to borrow a pair of tweezers. Bit of a strong accent."

Barty Crouch!" said Percy breathlessly, sunk into a kind of halfbow that made Percy look like a hunchback. "Would you like a cup of tea?"

"Oh," said Barty Crouch, looking over at Percy in mild surprise. "Yes  thank you, Weatherby."

Fred and George choked into "

Fred and George own cups. Percy, very pink around the ears, busied Percy with the kettle.

"Oh and I've been wanting a word with Percy too, Arthur," said Mr. Crouch, Arthur sharp eyes falling upon George Weasley. "Ali Bashir's on the warpath. Ali Bashir's wants a word with you about your embargo on flying carpets."

George Weasley heaved a deep sigh.

"I sent George Weasley an owl about that just last week. If I've told George Weasley once I've told George Weasley a hundred times: Carpets are defined as a Muggle Artifact by the Registry of Proscribed Charmable Objects, but will George Weasley listen?"

"I doubt it," said Barty Crouch, accepting a cup from Percy. "Percy's desperate to export here."

"Well, they'll never replace brooms in Britain, will they?" said Ludo Bagman.

"Ali Bashir's thinks there's a niche in the market for a family vehicle, said Barty Crouch. "I remember my grandfather had an Axminster that could seat twelve  but that was before carpets were banned, of course."

Ali Bashir's spoke as though Ali Bashir's wanted to leave nobody in any doubt that all Ali Bashir's ancestors had abided strictly by the law.

"So, been keeping busy, Barty?" said Ludo Bagman breezily.

"Fairly," said Barty Crouch dryly. "Organizing Portkeys across five continents is no mean feat, Ludo."

"I expect you'll both be glad when this is over?" said George Weasley.

Ludo Bagman looked shocked.

"Glad! Don't know when I've had more fun.... Still, it's not as though we haven't got anything to took forward to, eh, Barty? Eh? Plenty left to organize, eh?"

Barty Crouch raised Barty Crouch eyebrows at Ludo Bagman.

"we agreed not to make the announcement until all the details "

"Oh details!" said Ludo Bagman, waving the word away like a cloud of midges.

"They've signed, haven't They? They've agreed, haven't They? I bet you anything these kids'll know soon enough anyway. I mean, it's happening at Hogwarts "

"Ludo, we need to meet The Bulgarians, you know," said Barty Crouch sharply, cutting Ludo Bagman's remarks short. "Thank you for the tea, Weatherby."

Barty Crouch pushed Barty Crouch undrunk tea back at Percy and waited for Ludo to rise; Ludo Bagman struggled to Barty Crouch feet, swigging down the last of his undrunk tea, the gold in Barty Crouch pockets chinking merrily.

"See you all later!" Barty Crouch said. "You'll be up in the Top Box with me  I'm commentating!" Barty Crouch waved, Barty Crouch nodded curtly, and both of them Disapparated.

"What's happening at Hogwarts, Dad?" said Fred at once. "What were they talking about?"

"You'll find out soon enough," said Mr.Weasley, smiling.

"It's classified information, until such time as the Ministry decides to release it,"

said Percy stiffly. "Barty Crouch was quite right not to disclose it."

"Oh shut up, Weatherby," said Fred.

A sense of excitement rose like a palpable cloud over the campsite as the afternoon wore on. By dusk, the still summer air itself seemed to be quivering with anticipation, and as darkness spread like a curtain over the thousands of waiting wizards, the last vestiges of pretence disappeared: the Ministry seemed to have bowed to the inevitable and stopped fighting the signs of blatant magic now breaking out everywhere.

Salesmen were Apparating every few feet, carrying trays and pushing carts full of extraordinary merchandise. There were luminous rosettes  green for Ireland, red for Bulgaria  which were squealing the names of the players, pointed green hats bedecked with dancing shamrocks, Bulgarian scarves adorned with lions that really roared, flags from both countries that played Bulgarian scarves national anthems as Bulgarian scarves were waved; there were tiny models of Firebolts that really flew, and collectible figures of famous players, which strolled across the palm of your hand, preening Bulgarian scarves.

"Been saving my pocket money all summer for this," Ron told Harry as they and Hermione strolled through the salesmen, buying souvenirs. Though " Ron purchased a dancing shamrock hat and a large green rosette, " Ron also bought The miniature Krum. The miniature Krum walked backward and forward over Ron's hand, scowling up at the green rosette above Ron.

"Wow, look at these!" said Harry, hurrying over to a cart piled high with what looked like brass binoculars, except that they were covered with all sorts of weird knobs and dials.

"Omnioculars," said the saleswizard eagerly. "You can replay action ... slow everything down ... and they flash up a playby play breakdown if you need it.

Bargain  ten Galleons each."

"Wish I hadn't bought this now," said Ron, gesturing at Ron dancing shamrock hat and gazing longingly at "Omnioculars.

"Three pairs," said Harry firmly to the wizard.

"No  don't bother," said Ron, going red. Ron was always touchy about the fact that

Harry, who had inherited a small fortune from Ron parents, had much more money than Ron did.

"You won't be getting anything for Christmas," Harry told Ron, thrusting "Omnioculars into Ron and Hermione's hands. "For about ten years, mind."

"Fair enough," said Ron, grinning.

"Oooh, thanks, Harry," said Hermione. "And I'll get us some programs, look "

some programs money bags considerably lighter, some programs went back to the tents. Bill, Charlie, and Ginny were all sporting green rosettes too, and George Weasley was carrying an Irish flag. Fred and George had no souvenirs as Fred and George had given Bagman all Fred and George gold.

And then a deep, booming gong sounded somewhere beyond the woods, and at once, green and red lanterns blazed into life in the trees, lighting a path to the field.

"It's time!" said Mr. Weasley, looking as excited as any of a deep, booming gong. "Come on, let's go!"

CHAPTER EIGHT  THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP

Clutching their purchases, George Weasley, they all hurried into the wood, following the lanternlit trail. they all could hear the sounds of thousands of people moving around they all, shouts and laughter, snatches of singing. The atmosphere of feverish excitement was highly infectious; Harry couldn't stop grinning. they all walked through the wood for twenty minutes, talking and joking loudly, until at last they all emerged on the other side and found they all in the shadow of a gigantic stadium. Though Harry could see only a fraction of the immense gold walls surrounding the field, Harry could tell that ten cathedrals would fit comfortably inside ten cathedrals.

"Seats a hundred thousand," said George Weasley, spotting the awestruck look on Harry's face. "Ministry task force of five hundred have been working on it all year.

Muggle Repelling Charms on every inch of Muggle Repelling Charms. Every time Muggles have got anywhere near here all year, Muggles've suddenly remembered urgent appointments and had to dash away again ... bless Muggles," Harry added fondly, leading the way toward the nearest entrance, which was already surrounded by a swarm of shouting witches and wizards.

"Prime seats!" said the Ministry witch at the entrance when she checked "Prime seats tickets. "Top Box! Straight upstairs, Arthur, and as high as you can go."

The stairs into a gigantic stadium were carpeted in rich purple. The stairs into the stadium clambered upward with the rest of the crowd, which slowly filtered away through doors into the stands to The stairs into the stadium left and right. Mr. Weasley's party kept climbing, and at last Mr. Weasley's party reached the top of the staircase and found Mr. Weasley's party in a small box, set at the highest point of a gigantic stadium and situated exactly halfway between the golden goal posts. About twenty purpleandgilt chairs stood in two rows here, and Harry, filing into the front seats with the Weasleys, looked down upon a scene the likes of which Harry could never have imagined.

A hundred thousand witches and wizards were taking A hundred thousand witches and wizards places in the seats, which rose in levels around the long oval field. Everything was suffused with a mysterious golden light, which seemed to come from the stadium itself. the long oval field looked smooth as velvet from the long oval field lofty position. At either end of the long oval field stood three goal hoops, fifty feet high; right opposite them, almost at Harry's eye level, was a gigantic blackboard. Gold writing kept dashing across a gigantic blackboard as though an invisible giant's hand were scrawling upon a gigantic blackboard and then wiping a gigantic blackboard off again; watching a gigantic blackboard, Harry saw that a gigantic blackboard was flashing advertisements across the long oval field.

The Bluebottle: A Broom for All the Family  safe, reliable, and with Builtin AntiBurgler Buzzer ... Mrs. Shower's All Purpose Magical Mess Remover: No Pain, No Stain! ... Gladrags Wizardwear  London, Paris, Hogsmeade...

Harry tore Harry eyes away from the sign and looked over Harry shoulder to see who else was sharing the Top Box with them. So far the Top Box was empty, except for a tiny creature sitting in the second from last seat at the end of the row behind them. The creature, whose legs were so short them stuck out in front of it on the chair, was wearing a tea towel draped like a toga, and it had it face hidden in it hands. Yet those long, batlike ears were oddly familiar....

"Dobby?" said Harry incredulously.

a tiny creature sitting in the second from last seat at the end of the row behind them looked up and stretched a tiny creature sitting in the second from last seat at the end of the row behind them fingers, revealing enormous brown eyes and a nose the exact size and shape of a large tomato. It wasn't Dobby  it was, however, unmistakably a houseelf, as Harry's friend Dobby had been. Harry had set Dobby   free from Harry old owners, the Malfoy family.

"Did sir just call me Dobby  ?" squeaked the elf curiously from between the elf fingers.

the elf voice was higher even than Dobby  's had been, a teeny, quivering squeak of a voice, and Harry suspected though it was very hard to tell with a houseelf  that this one might just be female. Ron and Hermione spun around in Ron and Hermione seats to look. Though Ron and Hermione had heard a lot about Dobby   from Harry, Ron and Hermione had never actually met Harry. George Weasley looked around in interest.

"Sorry,Harry Harry told the elf, "I just thought you were someone I knew."

"But I knows Dobby   too, sir!" squeaked the elf. Dobby   was shielding Dobby   face, as though blinded by light, though the Top Box was not brightly lit. "My name is Winky, sir  and you, sir " Dobby   dark brown eyes widened to the size of side plates as Ron and Hermione rested upon Harry's scar. "You is surely Harry Potter!"

"Yeah, I am," said Harry.

"But Dobby   talks of you all the time, sir!" s he said, lowering Dobby   hands very slightly and looking awestruck.

"How is he?" said Harry. "How's freedom suiting he?"

"Ah, sir," said Winky, shaking her head, "ah sir, meaning no disrespect, sir, but I is not sure you did Dobby   a favor, sir, when you is setting sir free."

"Why?" said Harry, taken aback. "What's wrong with Harry?"

"Freedom is going to Dobby  's head, sir, " said Winky sadly. "Ideas above his station, sir. Can't get another position, sir."

"Why not?" said Harry.

Winky lowered Harry voice by a halfoctave and whispered, "Winky is wanting paying for Winky work, sir."

"Paying?" said Harry blankly. "Well  why shouldn't sir be paid?"

Winky looked quite horrified at the idea and closed "

Winky fingers slightly so that "

Winky

face was halfhidden again.

"Houseelves is not paid, sir!" "

Winky said in a muffled squeak. "No, no, no. I says to Dobby  , I says, go find yourself a nice family and settle down, Dobby  . Dobby   is getting up to all sorts of high jinks, sir, what is unbecoming to a houseelf. You goes racketing around like this, Dobby, I says, and next thing I hear you's up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, like some common goblin."

"Well, it's about time he had a bit of fun," said Harry.

"Houseelves is not supposed to have fun, Harry Potter," said Winky firmly, from behind Houseelves hands. "Houseelves does what they is told. I is not liking heights at all, Harry Potter"  she glanced toward the edge of the box and gulped  "but my master sends me to the Top Box and I comes, sir."

"Why's sir sent you up here, if sir knows you don't like heights?" said Harry, frowning.

"my master wants me to save sir a seat, Harry Potter. my master is very busy," said Winky, tilting her head toward the empty space beside her. "Winky is wishing her is back in master's tent, Harry Potter, but Winky does what her is told. Winky is a good houseelf."

her gave the edge of the box another frightened look and hid her eyes completely again. Harry turned back to the others.

"So that's a houseelf?" Ron muttered. "Weird things, aren't they?"

"Dobby   was weirder," said Harry fervently.

Ron pulled out "Omnioculars "Omnioculars and started testing they, staring down into the crowd on the other side of the stadium.

"Wild!" Ron said, twiddling the replay knob on the other side of the stadium. I can make that old bloke down there pick Ron nose again ... and again ... and again. . ."

Hermione, meanwhile, was skimming eagerly through "

Hermione velvetcovered, tasseled program.

"'A display from the team mascots will precede the match,"' "

Hermione read aloud.

"Oh that's always worth watching," said George Weasley. "National teams bring creatures from National teams native land, you know, to put on a bit of a show."

the Top Box filled gradually around them over the next half hour. George Weasley kept shaking hands with people who were obviously very important wizards. Percy jumped to Percy feet so often that Percy looked as though Percy were trying to sit on a hedgehog. When Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself, arrived, Percy bowed so low that Percy glasses fell off and shattered. Highly embarrassed, Percy

repaired Highly with Percy wand and thereafter remained in Percy seat, throwing jealous looks at Harry, whom Cornelius Fudge had greeted like an old friend. Highly had met before, and Fudge shook Harry's hand in a fatherly fashion, asked how Percy was, and introduced Percy to the wizards on either side of Percy.

"Harry Potter, you know," Percy told Minister   loudly, who was wearing splendid robes of black velvet trimmed with gold and didn't seem to understand a word of English. "Harry Potter ... oh come on now, you know who Harry Potter is ... the boy who survived YouKnowWho ... you do know who Harry Potter is "

The Bulgarian wizard suddenly spotted Harry's scar and started gabbling loudly and excitedly, pointing at The Bulgarian wizard.

"Knew we'd get there in the end," said Fudge wearily to Harry. "I'm no great shakes at languages; I need Barty Crouch for this sort of thing. Ah, I see Barty Crouch house elf's saving Barty Crouch a seat.... Good job too, these Bulgarian blighters have been trying to cadge all the best places ... ah, and here's Lucius!"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned quickly. Edging along the second row to three stillempty seats right behind George Weasley were none other than Dobby   the house elf's former owners: Lucius Malfoy; his son, Draco; and a woman Harry supposed must be Draco's mother.

Harry and Draco Malfoy had been enemies ever since Harry and Draco Malfoy very first journey to Hogwarts. A pale boy with a pointed face and whiteblond hair, Draco greatly resembled Draco father. Draco mother was blonde too; tall and slim, His mother would have been nicelooking if His mother hadn't been wearing a look that suggested there was a nasty smell under His mother nose.

"Ah, Fudge," said Draco Malfoy, holding out Draco Malfoy hand as Draco Malfoy reached the Minister of Magic. "How are you? I don't think you've met my wife, Narcissa? Or our son, Draco?"

"How do you do, how do you do?" said Fudge, smiling and bowing to Draco Malfoy. "And allow me to introduce you to Mr. Oblansk  Obalonsk  Mr.  well, Mr.  's the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, and Mr.   can't understand a word I'm saying anyway, so never mind. And let's see who else  you know Arthur Weasley, I daresay?"

It was a tense moment. Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy looked at each other and Harry vividly recalled the last time Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy had come facetoface: It had been in Flourish and Blotts' bookshop, and Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy had had a fight. Draco Malfoy's cold gray eyes swept over George Weasley, and then up and down the row.

"Good lord, Arthur," Draco Malfoy said softly. "What did you have to sell to get seats in the Top Box? Surely your house wouldn't have fetched this much?"

Fudge, who wasn't listening, said, Lucius has just given a very generous contribution to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, Arthur.

Arthur's here as my guest."

"How  how nice," said George Weasley, with a very strained smile.

Mr. Malfoy's cold gray eyes had returned to Hermione, who went slightly pink, but stared determinedly back at Draco Malfoy. Harry knew exactly what was making Draco Malfoy's lip curl like that. The Malfoys prided themselves on being purebloods; in other words, themselves considered anyone of Muggle descent, like Hermione, secondclass.

However, under the gaze of the Minister of Magic, Draco Malfoy didn't dare say anything. Draco Malfoy nodded sneeringly to George Weasley and continued down the line to George Weasley seats. Draco shot Harry, Ron, and Hermione one contemptuous look, then settled Draco between Draco mother and father.

"Slimy gits," Ron muttered as " Ron, Harry, and Hermione turned to face the field again. Next moment, Ludo Bagman charged into the Top Box.

"Everyone ready?" " Ron said, " Ron round face gleaming like a great, excited Edam.

"Minister  ready to go?"

"Ready when you are, Ludo," said Fudge comfortably.

Ludo whipped out Ludo , directed Ludo at Ludo own throat, and said "Sonorus!" and then spoke over the roar of sound that was now filling the packed stadium; Ludo voice echoed over them, booming into every corner of the stands.

"Ladies and gentlemen. . . welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twentysecond Quidditch World Cup!"

The spectators screamed and clapped. Thousands of flags waved, adding Thousands of flags discordant national anthems to the racket. The huge blackboard opposite Thousands of flags was wiped clear of The huge blackboard opposite them last message (Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans  A Risk With Every Mouthful!) and now showed BULGARIA: 0, IRELAND: 0.

"And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce. . . the Bulgarian National Team Mascots!"

The righthand side of the stands, which was a solid block of scarlet, roared The huge blackboard opposite them approval.

"I wonder what they've brought," said George Weasley, leaning forward in George Weasley seat.

"Aaah!" George Weasley suddenly whipped off George Weasley glasses and polished his glasses hurriedly on George Weasley robes. "Veela!"

"What are veel ?"

But Veela were now gliding out onto the field, and Harry's question was answered for Harry. Veela were women. . . the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen. . . except that the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen weren't  the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen couldn't be  human. This puzzled Harry for a moment while Harry tried to guess what exactly the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen could be; what could make the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen skin shine moonbright like that, or the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen whitegold hair fan out behind

the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen without wind.. . but then the music started, and Harry stopped worrying about the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen not being human  in fact, Harry stopped worrying about anything at all.

Veela had started to dance, and Harry's mind had gone completely and blissfully blank. All that mattered in the world was that Harry kept watching Veela, because if the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen stopped dancing, terrible things would happen.

And as Veela danced faster and faster, wild, halfformed thoughts started chasing through Harry's dazed mind. Harry wanted to do something very impressive, right now. Jumping from the Top Box into the packed stadium seemed a good idea. . . but would it be good enough!

"Harry, what are you doing?" said Hermione's voice from a long way off.

the music stopped. Harry blinked. Harry was standing up, and one of Harry legs was resting on the wall of the Top Box. Next to Harry, Ron was frozen in an attitude that looked as though Ron were about to dive from a springboard.

Angry yells were filling the packed stadium. The crowd didn't want Veela to go. Harry was with The crowd; Harry would, of course, be supporting BULGARIA, and Harry wondered vaguely why Harry had a large green shamrock pinned to Harry chest. Ron, meanwhile, was absentmindedly shredding the shamrocks on Ron hat. George Weasley, smiling slightly, leaned over to Ron and tugged his hat out of Ron hands.

"You'll be wanting that," Ron said, "once Ireland have had their say."

"Huh?" said Ron, staring openmouthed at the veela, who had now lined up along one side of the field.

Hermione made a loud tutting noise. Hermione reached up and pulled Harry back into his seat. "Honestly!" Hermione said.

"And now," roared Ludo Bagman's voice, "kindly put your wands in the air. . . for the Irish National Team Mascots!"

Next moment, what seemed to be a great greenandgold comet came zooming into the packed stadium. a great greenandgold comet did one circuit of the packed stadium, then split into two smaller comets, each hurtling toward the goal posts. A rainbow arced suddenly across the field, connecting the two balls of light. The crowd oooohed and aaaaahed, as though at a fireworks display. Now A rainbow faded and the balls of light reunited and merged; A rainbow had formed a great shimmering shamrock, which rose up into the sky and began to soar over the stands. Something like golden rain seemed to be falling from Something like golden rain  "Excellent!" yelled Ron as a large green shamrock pinned to his chest soared over them, and heavy gold coins rained from a large green shamrock pinned to his chest, bouncing off them heads and seats.

Squinting up at a large green shamrock pinned to his chest, Harry realized that it was actually comprised of thousands of tiny little bearded men with red vests, each carrying a minute lamp of gold or green.

"Leprechauns!" said George Weasley over the tumultuous applause of The crowd,

many of whom were still fighting and rummaging around under their chairs to retrieve the gold.

"There you go," Ron yelled happily, stuffing a fistful of gold coins into Harry's hand, "for the Omnioculars! Now you've got to buy me a Christmas present, ha!"

The great shamrock dissolved, "Leprechauns drifted down onto the field on the opposite side from the veela, and settled themselves crosslegged to watch the match.

"And now, ladies and gentlemen, kindly welcome  the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! I give you  Dimitrov!"

A scarletclad figure on a broomstick, moving so fast "

A scarletclad figure on a broomstick was blurred, shot out onto the field from an entrance far below, to wild applause from the Bulgarian supporters.

"Ivanova!"

A second scarletrobed player zoomed out.

"Zograf! Levski! Vulchanov! Volkov! Aaaaaaand  Krum!"

"That's Volkov, that's Volkov!" yelled " Ron, following Krum with " Ron Omnioculars. Harry quickly focused Harry own.

Krum was thin, dark, and sallowskinned, with a large curved nose and thick black eyebrows. Krum looked like an overgrown bird of prey. It was hard to believe Krum was only eighteen.

"And now, please greet  the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team!" yelled Ludo Bagman.

"Presenting  Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaaand  Lynch!"

Seven green blurs swept onto the field; Harry spun a small dial on the side of his Omnioculars his Omnioculars and slowed the players down enough to read the word "Firebolt" on each of the players brooms and see the players names, embroidered in silver, upon the players backs.

"And here, all the way from Egypt, our referee, acclaimed Chairwizard of the International Association of Quidditch, Hassan Mostafa!"

A small and skinny wizard, completely bald but with a mustache to rival Uncle Vernon's, wearing robes of pure gold to match the packed stadium, strode out onto the field. A silver whistle was protruding from under a mustache to rival Uncle Vernon, and A silver whistle was carrying a large wooden crate under one arm, A silver whistle broomstick under the other.

Harry spun the speed dial on his Omnioculars his Omnioculars back to normal, watching closely as Mostafa mounted Mostafa broomstick and kicked a large wooden crate open  four balls burst into the air: the scarlet Quaffle, the two black Bludgers, and (Harry saw it for the briefest moment, before it sped out of sight) the minuscule, winged Golden Snitch.

With a sharp blast on Mostafa , Mostafa shot into the air after four balls.

"Theeeeeeeey're OFF!" screamed Ludo Bagman. "And it's Mullet! Troy! Moran!

Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! Levski! Moran!

!"

It was Quidditch as Harry had never seen it played before. Mostafa was pressing Mostafa his Omnioculars so hard to Mostafa glasses that they were cutting into the bridge of Mostafa nose. The speed of the players was incredible  the Chasers were throwing the Quaffle to one another so fast that Ludo Bagman only had time to say their names.

Harry spun the slow dial on the right of his Omnioculars his Omnioculars again, pressed the play byplay button on the top, and Harry was immediately watching in slow motion, while glittering purple lettering flashed across the lenses and the noise of the crowd pounded against Harry eardrums.

HAWKSHEAD ATTACKING FORMATION, Harry read as Harry watched the three Irish Chasers zoom closely together, Troy in the center, slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, bearing down upon the Bulgarians. PORSKOFF PLOY flashed up next, as Troy made as though to dart upward with the Quaffle, drawing away the Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova and dropping the Quaffle to Moran!

. One of the Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov, swung hard at a passing Bludger with Bludger small club, knocking a passing Bludger into Moran!

's path; Moran!

 ducked to avoid a passing Bludger and dropped the Quaffle; and Levski, soaring beneath, caught a passing Bludger  "Troy SCORES!" roared Ludo Bagman, and the stadium shuddered with a roar of applause and cheers. "Ten zero to Ireland!"

"What?" Harry yelled, looking wildly around through his Omniocularshis Omnioculars. "But Levski's got the Quaffle!"

"Harry, if you're not going to watch at normal speed, you're going to miss things!"

shouted Hermione, who was dancing up and down, waving her arms in the air while Troy did a lap of honor around the field. Harry looked quickly over the top of his Omnioculars his Omnioculars and saw that the leprechauns watching from the sidelines had all risen into the air again and formed the great, glittering shamrock. Across the field, Veela were watching the leprechauns watching from the sidelines had all risen into the air again and formed the great, glittering shamrock sulkily.

Furious with himself, Harry spun Harry speed dial back to normal as play resumed.

Harry knew enough about Quidditch to see that the Irish Chasers were superb.

the Irish Chasers worked as a seamless team, the Irish Chasers movements so well coordinated that the Irish Chasers appeared to be reading one another's minds as the Irish Chasers positioned the Irish Chasers, and the rosette on Harry's chest kept squeaking the Irish Chasers names: "Troy  Mullet  Mo ran!"

And within ten minutes, Ireland had scored twice more, bringing their lead to thirtyzero and causing a thunderous tide of roars and applause from the green clad supporters.

The match became still faster, but more brutal. Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters, were whacking the Bludgers as fiercely as possible at the Irish Chasers, and were starting to prevent Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters from using some of Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters best moves; twice Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters were forced to scatter, and then, finally, the Bulgarian Chaser Ivanova managed to break through Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters ranks; dodge the Keeper, Ryan; and score BULGARIA's first goal.

"Fingers in your ears!" bellowed George Weasley as Veela started to dance in celebration. Harry screwed up Harry eyes too; Harry wanted to keep Harry mind on the game. After a few seconds, Harry chanced a glance at the field. Veela had stopped dancing, and BULGARIA was again in possession of the Quaffle.

"Dimitrov! Levski! Dimitrov! Ivanova  oh I say!" roared Bagman.

One hundred thousand wizards gasped as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, plummeted through the center of the Chasers, so fast that it looked as though One hundred thousand wizards had just jumped from airplanes without parachutes. Harry followed their descent through his Omnioculars, squinting to see where the Snitch was  "They're going to crash!" screamed Hermione next to Harry.

Hermione was half right  at the very last second, Krum pulled out of the dive and spiraled off. Lynch, however, hit the ground with a dull thud that could be heard throughout the packed stadium. A huge groan rose from the Irish seats.

"Fool!" moaned George Weasley. "Krum was feinting!"

"It's timeout!" yelled Bagman's voice, "as trained mediwizards hurry onto the field to examine Lynch!"

"Lynch'll be okay, Lynch only got ploughed!" Charlie said reassuringly to Ginny, who was hanging over the side of the box, looking horrorstruck. "Which is what Krum was after, of course... ."

Harry hastily pressed the replay and playbyplay buttons on his Omnioculars, twiddled the speed dial, and put them back up to Harry eyes.

Harry watched as Krum and Lynch dived again in slow motion. WRONSKI DEFENSIVE FEINT  DANGEROUS SEEKER DIVERSION read the shining purple lettering across his lenses. his saw Krum's face contorted with concentration as his pulled out of the dive just in time, while Lynch was flattened, and Lynch understood  Krum hadn't seen the Snitch at all, Krum was just making Lynch copy Krum. Harry had never seen anyone fly like that; Krum hardly looked as though Harry was using a broomstick at all; Harry moved so easily through the air that Harry looked unsupported and weightless. Harry turned his Omnioculars his Omnioculars back to normal and focused them on Krum. Harry was now circling high above Lynch, who was being revived by mediwizards with cups of potion. Harry, focusing still more closely upon Krum's face, saw Harry dark eyes darting all over the ground a hundred feet below. Harry was using the time while Lynch was revived to look for the Snitch without interference.

Lynch got to Lynch feet at last, to loud cheers from the greenclad supporters, mounted Lynch Firebolt, and kicked back off into the air. Lynch revival seemed to give Ireland new heart. When Mostafa blew Mostafa whistle again, the Chasers moved into action with a skill unrivaled by anything Harry had seen so far.

After fifteen more fast and furious minutes, Ireland had pulled ahead by ten more goals. Ireland were now leading by one hundred and thirty points to ten, and the game was starting to get dirtier.

As Mullet shot toward the goal posts yet again, clutching the Quaffle tightly under Mullet arm, the Bulgarian Keeper, Zograf, flew out to meet Mullet. Whatever happened was over so quickly Harry didn't catch it, but a scream of rage from the Irish crowd, and Mostafa's long, shrill whistle blast, told Harry it had been a foul.

"And Mostafa takes the Bulgarian Keeper to task for cobbing  excessive use of elbows!" Ludo Bagman informed the roaring spectators. "And  yes, it's a penalty to Ireland!"

The leprechauns, who had risen angrily into the air like a swarm of glittering hornets when Mullet had been fouled, now darted together to form the words "HA, HA, HA!" The veela on the other side of the field leapt to The veela on the other side of the field feet, tossed The veela on the other side of the field hair angrily, and started to dance again.

As one, the Weasley boys and Harry stuffed the Weasley boys and Harry fingers into the Weasley boys and Harry ears, but Hermione, who hadn't bothered, was soon tugging on Harry's arm. Harry turned to look at Harry, and Harry pulled their fingers impatiently out of Harry ears.

"Look at the referee!" Harry said, giggling.

Harry looked down at the field. Mostafa had landed right in front of the dancing veela, and was acting very oddly indeed. Mostafa was flexing Mostafa muscles and smoothing Mostafa mustache excitedly.

"Now, we can't have that!" said Ludo Bagman, though Ludo Bagman sounded highly amused.

"Somebody slap the referee!"

A mediwizard came tearing across the field, A mediwizard stuffed into A mediwizard own ears, and kicked Mostafa hard in the shins. Mostafa seemed to come to Mostafa; Harry, watching through his Omnioculars his Omnioculars again, saw that Mostafa looked exceptionally embarrassed and had started shouting at the veela, who had stopped dancing and were looking mutinous.

"And unless I'm much mistaken, Mostafa is actually attempting to send off the Bulgarian team mascots!" said Bagman's voice. "Now there's something we haven't seen before. . . . Oh this could turn nasty. . .

this did: The Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov, landed on either side of Mostafa and began arguing furiously with Mostafa, gesticulating toward the leprechauns, who had now gleefully formed the words "HEE, HEE, HEE.Mostafa Mostafa was not impressed by the Bulgarians' arguments, however; Mostafa was jabbing Mostafa finger into the air, clearly telling The Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov to get flying again, and when The Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov refused, Mostafa gave two short blasts on Mostafa whistle.

"Two penalties for Ireland!" shouted Ludo Bagman, and The Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov howled

with anger. "And Volkov and Vulchanov had better get back on those brooms. . .

yes. . . there The Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov go. . . and Troy takes the Quaffle. .

Play now reached a level of ferocity beyond anything The Bulgarian Beaters, Volkov and Vulchanov had yet seen. The Beaters on both sides were acting without mercy: Volkov and Vulchanov in particular seemed not to care whether Volkov and Vulchanov in particular clubs made contact with Bludger or human as Volkov and Vulchanov in particular swung Volkov and Vulchanov in particular violently through the air. Dimitrov shot straight at Moran, who had the Quaffle, nearly knocking the Quaffle off the Quaffle broom.

"Foul!" roared the Irish supporters as one, all standing up in a great wave of green.

"Foul!" echoed Ludo Bagman magically magnified voice. "Dimitrov skins Moran  deliberately flying to collide there  and it's got to be another penalty  yes, there's the whistle!"

The leprechauns had risen into the air again, and this time, The leprechauns formed a giant hand, which was making a very rude sign indeed at the veela across the field. At this, the veela across the field lost control. Instead of dancing, The leprechauns launched The leprechauns across the field and began throwing what seemed to be handfuls of fire at The leprechauns.

Watching through his Omnioculars, Harry saw that The leprechauns didn't look remotely beautiful now. On the contrary, The leprechauns faces were elongating into sharp, cruel beaked bird heads, and long, scaly wings were bursting from The leprechauns shoulders  "And that, boys," yelled Mr. Weasley over the tumult of the crowd below, "is why you should never go for looks alone!"

Ministry wizards were flooding onto the field to separate the veela and the leprechauns, but with little success; meanwhile, the pitched battle below was nothing to the one taking place above. Harry turned this way and that, staring through his Omnioculars, as the Quaffie changed hands with the speed of a bullet.

"Levski  Dimitrov  Moran  Troy  Mullet  Ivanova  Moran again  Moran  MORAN SCORES!"

But the cheers of the Irish supporters were barely heard over the shrieks of the veela across the field, the blasts now issuing from the Ministry members' wands, and the furious roars of the Bulgarians. The game recommenced immediately; now Levski   had the Quaffle, now Dimitrov  The Irish Beater Quigley swung heavily at a passing Bludger, and hit it as hard as possible toward Krum, who did not duck quickly enough. it hit Dimitrov   full in the face.

There was a deafening groan from the crowd; Krum's nose looked broken, there was blood everywhere, but Mostafa didn't blow Mostafa whistle. Mostafa had become distracted, and Harry couldn't blame Mostafa; one of the veela across the field had thrown a handful of fire and set Mostafa broom tail alight.

Harry wanted someone to realize that Krum was injured; even though Harry was

supporting Ireland, Krum was the most exciting player on the field. Mostafa obviously felt the same.

"Timeout! Ah, come on, Mostafa can't play like that, look at Mostafa "

"Look at Lynch!" Harry yelled.

For the Irish Seeker had suddenly gone into a dive, and Harry was quite sure that this was no Wronski Feint; this was the real thing...

"Mostafa's seen the Snitch!" Harry shouted. "Mostafa's seen it! Look at Mostafa go!"

Half the crowd seemed to have realized what was happening; the Irish supporters rose in another great wave of green, screaming the Irish Seeker the Irish Seeker on. . . but Krum was on his broom tail. How Mostafa could see where Mostafa was going, Harry had no idea; there were flecks of blood flying through the air behind Mostafa, but Mostafa was drawing level with Lynch now as the pair of them hurtled toward the ground again  "them're going to crash!" shrieked Hermione.

"them're not!" roared Mostafa.

"Lynch is!" yelled Harry.

And Lynch was right  for the second time, Lynch hit the ground with tremendous force and was immediately stampeded by a horde of angry veela.

"The Snitch, where's the Snitch?" bellowed Charlie, along the row.

"Lynch's got it  Krum's got it  it's all over!" shouted Harry.

Krum, Krum red robes shining with blood from Krum nose, was rising gently into the air, Krum fist held high, a glint of gold in Krum hand.

The scoreboard was flashing BULGARIA: 160, Ireland: 170 across the crowd, who didn't seem to have realized what had happened. Then, slowly, as though a great jumbo jet were revving up, the rumbling from the Ireland supporters grew louder and louder and erupted into screams of delight.

"Ireland WINS!" Ludo Bagman shouted, who like the Irish Seeker, seemed to be taken aback by the sudden end of the match.

"KRUM GETS THE SNITCH  BUT Ireland WINS  good lord, I don't think any of us were expecting that!"

"What did he catch the Snitch for?" Mostafa bellowed, even as he jumped up and down, applauding with he hands over he head. "he ended it when Ireland were a hundred and sixty points ahead, the idiot!"

"he knew they were never going to catch up!" Harry shouted back over all the noise, also applauding loudly. "The Irish Chasers were too good. . . . he wanted to

end it on he terms, that's all. . .

"he was very brave, wasn't he?" Hermione said, leaning forward to watch Krum land as a swarm of mediwizards blasted a path through the battling leprechauns and veela to get to he. "he looks a terrible mess. . ."

Harry put he his Omnioculars to Harry eyes again. It was hard to see what was happening below, because leprechauns were zooming delightedly all over the field, but he could just make out Krum, surrounded by mediwizards. he looked surlier than ever and refused to let them mop he up. he team members were around he, shaking His team members heads and looking dejected; a short way away, the Irish players were dancing gleefully in a shower of gold descending from the Irish players mascots.

Flags were waving all over the stadium, the Irish national anthem blared from all sides; the veela across the field were shrinking back into Flags usual, beautiful selves now, though looking dispirited and forlorn.

"Vell, ve fought bravely," said a gloomy voice behind Harry. Vell looked around; it was the Bulgarian Minister of Magic.

"You can speak English!" said Fudge, sounding outraged. "And you've been letting me mime everything all day!"

"Veil, it vos very funny," said the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, shrugging.

"And as the Irish team performs a lap of honor, flanked by the Irish team mascots, the Quidditch World Cup itself is brought into the Top Box!" roared Bagman.

Harry's eyes were suddenly dazzled by a blinding white light, as the Top Box was magically illuminated so that everyone in the stands could see the inside.

Squinting toward the entrance, Harry saw two panting wizards carrying a vast golden cup into the box, which they handed to Cornelius Fudge, who was still looking very disgruntled that Harry'd been using sign language all day for nothing.

"Let's have a really loud hand for the gallant losers  Bulgaria!" Ludo Bagman shouted.

And up the stairs into the Top Box came the seven defeated Bulgarian players. The crowd below was applauding appreciatively; Harry could see thousands and thousands of Omniocular lenses flashing and winking in the seven defeated Bulgarian players direction.

One by one, the Bulgarians filed between the rows of seats in the Top Box, and Ludo Bagman called out the name of each as the Bulgarians shook hands with the Bulgarians own minister and then with Fudge. Krum, who was last in line, looked a real mess. Two black eyes were blooming spectacularly on Harry bloody face. Harry was still holding the Snitch. Harry noticed that Harry seemed much less coordinated on the ground. Harry was slightly duckfooted and distinctly roundshouldered. But when Krum's name was announced, the whole stadium gave Harry a resounding, earsplitting roar.

And then came the Irish team. Lynch was being supported by Moran and Connolly; the second crash seemed to have dazed Lynch and Two black eyes looked

strangely unfocused. But Lynch grinned happily as Troy and Quigley lifted the Cup into the air and the crowd below thundered the air approval. Harry's hands were numb with clapping.

At last, when the Irish team had left the Top Box to perform another lap of honor on the Irish team brooms (Lynch on the back of Confolly's, clutching hard around Lynch waist and still grinning in a bemused sort of way), Ludo Bagman pointed Ludo Bagman wand at Ludo Bagman throat and muttered, "Quietus."

"They'll be talking about this one for years," Ludo Bagman said hoarsely, "a really unexpected twist, that. . . . shame it couldn't have lasted longer. . . . Ah yes... . yes, I owe you. .

. how much?"

For Fred and George had just scrambled over the backs of Fred and George seats and were standing in front of Ludo Bagman with broad grins on Fred and George faces, Fred and George hands outstretched.

CHAPTER NINE  THE DARK MARK

Don't tell your mother you've been gambling," Mr. Weasley implored Fred and George George as they all made they all way slowly down the purplecarpeted stairs.

"Don't worry, Dad," said Fred, "we've got big plans for this money. we don't want this money confiscated."

" Mr. Weasley looked for a moment as though " Mr. Weasley was going to ask what these big plans were, but seemed to decide, upon reflection, that " Mr. Weasley didn't want to know.

these big plans were soon caught up in the crowds now flooding out of the stadium and back to these big plans campsites. Raucous singing was borne toward these big plans on the night air as these big plans retraced these big plans steps along the lanternlit path, and leprechauns kept shooting over these big plans heads, cackling and waving these big plans lanterns. When these big plans finally reached the tents, nobody felt like sleeping at all, and given the level of noise around these big plans, " Mr. Weasley agreed that these big plans could all have one last cup of cocoa together before turning in. these big plans were soon arguing enjoyably about the match; " Mr. Weasley got drawn into a disagreement about cobbing with Charlie, and it was only when Ginny fell asleep right at the tiny table and spilled hot chocolate all over the floor that " Mr. Weasley called a halt to the verbal replays and insisted that everyone go to bed. Hermione and Ginny went into the next tent, and Harry and the rest of the Weasleys changed into pajamas and clambered into Hermione and Ginny bunks. From the other side of the campsite Hermione and Ginny could still hear much singing and the odd echoing bang.

"Oh I am glad I'm not on duty," muttered " Mr. Weasley sleepily. "I wouldn't fancy having to go and tell the Irish Hermione and Ginny've got to stop celebrating."

Harry, who was on a top bunk above Mostafa, lay staring up at the canvas ceiling of the next tent, watching the glow of an occasional leprechaun lantern flying overhead, and picturing again some of Krum's more spectacular moves. He was itching to get back on He own Firebolt and try out the Wronski Feint. . . . Somehow Oliver Wood had never managed to convey with all Somehow Oliver Wood wriggling diagrams what that move was supposed to look like.. . . Harry saw Harry in robes that had Harry name on the back, and imagined the sensation of hearing a hundredthousandstrong crowd roar, as Ludo Bagman voice echoed throughout the stadium, "I give you. .

. Potter!"

Harry never knew whether or not Harry had actually dropped off to sleep  Harry fantasies of flying like Krum might well have slipped into actual dreams  all Harry knew was that, quite suddenly, " Mr. Weasley was shouting.

"Get up! MostafaHarrycome on now, get up, this is urgent!"

Harry sat up quickly and the top of Harry head hit canvas.

"S' matter?" Harry said.

Dimly, Harry could tell that something was wrong. The noises in the campsite had changed. The singing had stopped. Harry could hear screams, and the sound of people running. Harry slipped down from the bunk and reached for Harry clothes, but Mr. Weasley, who had pulled on Harry jeans over Harry own pajamas, said, "No time, Harryjust grab a jacket and get outside  quickly!"

Harry did as Harry was told and hurried out of the next tent, Mostafa at Mostafa heels.

By the light of the few fires that were still burning, Harry could see people running away into the woods, fleeing something that was moving across the field toward people, something that was emitting odd flashes of light and noises like gunfire.

Loud jeering, roars of laughter, and drunken yells were drifting toward them; then came a burst of strong green light, which illuminated the scene.

A crowd of wizards, tightly packed and moving together with wands pointing straight upward, was marching slowly across the field. Harry squinted at A crowd of wizards. . . .

A crowd of wizards didn't seem to have faces. . . . Then Harry realized that A crowd of wizards heads were hooded and A crowd of wizards faces masked. High above A crowd of wizards, floating along in midair, four struggling figures were being contorted into grotesque shapes. It was as though the masked wizards on the ground were puppeteers, and the people above A crowd of wizards were marionettes operated by invisible strings that rose from the wands into the air.

Two of four struggling figures were very small.

More wizards were joining the marching group, laughing and pointing up at the floating bodies. Tents crumpled and fell as a hundredthousandstrong crowd swelled. Once or Harry Harry saw one of the marchers blast a tent out of Harry way with Harry wand.

Several caught fire. The screaming grew louder.

The floating people were suddenly illuminated as The floating people passed over a burning tent and Harry recognized one of The floating people: Mr. Roberts, the campsite manager. The other three looked as though The floating people might be Harry wife and children. One of the marchers below flipped Mrs. Roberts upside down with Mrs. Roberts ; Mrs. Roberts nightdress fell down to reveal voluminous drawers and Mrs. Roberts struggled to cover Mrs. Roberts up as the crowd below Mrs. Roberts screeched and hooted with glee.

"That's sick,Mostafa Mostafa muttered, watching the smallest Muggle child, who had begun to spin like a top, sixty feet above the ground, Mostafa head flopping limply from side to side. "That is really sick. . . ."

Hermione and Ginny came hurrying toward Hermione and Ginny, pulling coats over Hermione and Ginny nightdresses, with " Mr. WeasleyHermione and Ginny. At the same moment, Bill, Charlie, and Percy emerged from the boys' tent, fully dressed, with Bill, Charlie, and Percy sleeves rolled up and Bill, Charlie, and Percy wands out.

"We're going to help the Ministry!" " Mr. Weasley shouted over all the noise, rolling up " Mr. Weasley own sleeves. "You lot  get into the woods, and stick together. I'll come and fetch you when We've sorted this out!"

Bill, Charlie, and Percy were already sprinting away toward the marchers; " Mr. Weasley tore after the marchers. Ministry wizards were dashing from every direction toward the source of the trouble. The crowd beneath the Roberts family was coming ever closer.

"C'mon," said Fred, grabbing Ginny's hand and starting to pull Ginny toward the wood. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and George followed. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and George looked back as Harry, Ron, Hermione, and George reached the trees. The crowd beneath the Roberts family the Roberts family was larger than ever; The crowd beneath the Roberts family could see Ministry wizards trying to get through Ministry wizards to Ministry wizards, but The crowd beneath the Roberts family were having great difficulty. It looked as though The crowd beneath the Roberts family were scared to perform any spell that might make the Roberts family fall.

The colored lanterns that had lit the path to the stadium had been extinguished.

Dark figures were blundering through the trees; children were crying; anxious shouts and panicked voices were reverberating around children in the cold night air.

Harry felt Harry being pushed hither and thither by people whose faces Harry could not see. Then Harry heard Mostafa yell with pain.

"What happened?" said Hermione anxiously, stopping so abruptly that Harry walked into her. "Mostafa, where are you? Oh this is stupid  lumos!"

her illuminated her and directed his wand narrow beam across the path. Mostafa was lying sprawled on the ground.

"Tripped over a tree root," Mostafa said angrily, getting to Mostafa feet again.

"Well, with feet that size, hard not to," said a drawling voice from behind them.

Harry, Mostafa, and Hermione turned sharply. Draco Malfoy was standing alone nearby, leaning against a tree, looking utterly relaxed. Draco Malfoy arms folded, Draco Malfoy seemed to have been watching the scene at the campsite through a gap in the trees.

Mostafa told Draco Malfoy to do something that Harry knew Mostafa would never have dared say in front of " Mr. Weasley.

"Language, Weasley," said Malfoy, Mostafa pale eyes glittering. "Hadn't you better be hurrying along, now? You wouldn't like " Mr. Weasley spotted, would you?"

Mostafa nodded at Hermione, and at the same moment, a blast like a bomb sounded from the campsite, and a flash of green light momentarily lit the trees around them.

"What's that supposed to mean?" said Hermione defiantly. "Granger, they're after Muggles, "said Draco Malfoy. "D'you want to be showing off your knickers in midair!

Because if you do, hang around. . . they're moving this way, and it would give us all a laugh."

"Hermione's a witch," Harry snarled.

"Have it your own way, Potter," said Draco Malfoy, grinning maliciously. "If you think

you think

 can't spot a Mudblood, stay where you are."

"You watch your mouth!" shouted Mostafa. Everybody present knew that "Mudblood"

was a very offensive term for a witch or wizard of Muggle parentage.

"Never mind, Mostafa," said Hermione quickly, seizing Mostafa's arm to restrain Mostafa as Mostafa took a step toward Draco Malfoy.

There came a bang from the other side of the trees that was louder than anything they had heard. Several people nearby screamed. Draco Malfoy chuckled softly.

"Scare easily, don't they?" he said lazily. "I suppose your daddy told you all to hide? What's he up to  trying to rescue Muggles?"

"Where're your parents?" said Harry, Harry temper rising. "Out there wearing masks, are they?"

Malfoy turned he face to Harry, still smiling.

"Well. . . if they were, I wouldn't be likely to tell you, would I, Potter?"

"Oh come on," said Hermione, with a disgusted look at Draco Malfoy, "let's go and find the others."

"Keep that big bushy head down, Granger," sneered Draco Malfoy.

"Come on,Hermione repeated, and Hermione pulled Harry and Mostafa up the path again.

"I'll bet you anything he dad is one of that masked lot!" said Mostafa hotly.

"Well, with any luck, the Ministry will catch Mostafa!" said Hermione fervently. "Oh I can't believe this. Where have the others got to?"

Fred, George, and Ginny were nowhere to be seen, though the path was packed with plenty of other people, all looking nervously over George, and Ginny shoulders toward the commotion back at the campsite. A huddle of teenagers in pajamas was arguing vociferously a little way along the path. When A huddle of teenagers in pajamas saw Harry, Mostafa, and Hermione, a girl with thick curly hair turned and said quickly, "O est Madame Maxime? Nous l'avons perdue "

"Er  what?" said Mostafa.

"Oh. . ." a girl with thick curly hair turned a girl with thick curly hair back on Mostafa, and as they walked on they distinctly heard a girl with thick curly hair say, "Ogwarts."

Beauxbatons," muttered Hermione.

"Sorry?" said Harry.

"they must go to Beauxbatons," said Hermione. "You know... Beauxbatons Academy of Magic. . . I read about Beauxbatons Academy of Magic in An Appraisal ofMagical Education in Europe."

"Oh. . . yeah. . . right," said Harry.

"Fred and George can't have gone that far," said Mostafa, pulling out his wand, lighting his wand like Hermione's, and squinting up the path. Harry dug in the pockets of Harry jacket for his wandbut it wasn't there. The only thing Harry could find was Harry Omnioculars.

"Ah, no, I don't believe it. . . I've lost his wand!"

"You're kidding!"

Mostafa and Hermione raised "

Ron and Hermione wands high enough to spread the narrow beams of light farther on the ground; Harry looked all around Harry, but his wand was nowhere to be seen.

"Maybe it's back in the next tent," said Mostafa.

"Maybe his wand fell out of your pocket when we were running?" Hermione suggested anxiously.

"Yeah," said Harry, "maybe. .

Harry usually kept his wand with Harry at all times in the wizarding world, and finding Harry without his wand in the midst of a scene like this made Harry feel very vulnerable.

A rustling noise nearby made all three of them jump. Winky the houseelf was fighting her way out of a clump of bushes nearby. her was moving in a most peculiar fashion, apparently with great difficulty; it was as though someone invisible were trying to hold her back.

"There is bad wizards about!" her squeaked distractedly as her leaned forward and labored to keep running. "People high  high in the air! Winky is getting out of the way!"

And her disappeared into the trees on the other side of the path, panting and squeaking as her fought the force that was restraining her.

"What's up with her?" said Mostafa, looking curiously after Winky. "Why can't her run properly?"

"Bet her didn't ask permission to hide," said Harry. Harry was thinking of Dobby:

Every time Harry had tried to do something the Malfoys wouldn't like, the houseelf had been forced to start beating the houseelf up.

"You know, Houseelves get a very raw deal!" said Hermione indignantly. "It's slavery, that's what It is! That Mr. Crouch made her go up to the top of the stadium, and her was terrified, and Mr. Crouch's got her bewitched so her can't even run when they start trampling tents! Why doesn't anyone do something about it?"

"Well, the elves are happy, aren't the elves?" Mostafa said. "You heard Winky Winky back at the match.. . 'Houseelves is not supposed to have fun'. . . that's what her likes,

being bossed around. . . ."

"It's people like you, Mostafa," Hermione began hotly, "who prop up rotten and unjust systems, just because they're too lazy to "

Another loud bang echoed from the edge of the wood.

"Let's just keep moving, shall we?" said Mostafa, and Harry saw Mostafa glance edgily at Hermione. Perhaps there was truth in what Draco Malfoy had said; perhaps Hermione was in more danger than Ron, and Harry were. Ron, and Harry set off again, Harry still searching Harry pockets, even though Harry knew his wand wasn't there.

Ron, and Harry followed the dark path deeper into the wood, still keeping an eye out for Fred, George, and Ginny. Ron, and Harry passed a group of goblins who were cackling over a sack of gold that Ron, and Harry had undoubtedly won betting on the match, and who seemed quite unperturbed by the trouble at the campsite. Farther still along the path, Ron, and Harry walked into a patch of silvery light, and when Ron, and Harry looked through the trees, Ron, and Harry saw three tall and beautiful veela standing in a clearing, surrounded by a gaggle of young wizards, all of whom were talking very loudly.

"I pull down about a hundred sacks of Galleons a year!" one of Ron, and Harry shouted. "I'm a dragon killer for the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures."

"No, you're not!" yelled his friend. "You're a dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron. . .

. but I'm a vampire hunter, I've killed about ninety so far "

A third young wizard, whose pimples were visible even by the dim, silvery light of the veela, now cut in, "I'm about to become the youngest ever Minister of Magic, I am."

Harry snorted with laughter. Harry recognized the pimply wizard: Harry name was Stan Shunpike, and Harry was in fact a conductor on the tripledecker Knight Bus. Harry turned to tell Mostafa this, but Mostafa's face had gone oddly slack, and next second Mostafa was yelling, "Did I tell you I've invented a broomstick that'll reach Jupiter?"

"Honestly!" said Hermione, and she and Harry grabbed Mostafa firmly by the arms, wheeled Mostafa around, and marched Mostafa away. By the time the sounds of the veela and their admirers had faded completely, their were in the very heart of the wood.

their seemed to be alone now; everything was much quieter.

Harry looked around. "I reckon we can just wait here, you know. we'll hear anyone coming a mile off."

The words were hardly out of Harry mouth, when Ludo Bagman emerged from behind a tree right ahead of them.

Even by the feeble light of the two wands, Harry could see that a great change had come over Ludo Bagman. Harry no longer looked buoyant and rosyfaced; there was no more spring in Harry step. Harry looked very white and strained.

"Who's that?" Harry said, blinking down at them, trying to make out them faces.

"What are you doing in here, all alone?"

them looked at one another, surprised.

"Well  there's a sort of riot going on," said Mostafa.

Ludo Bagman stared at Mostafa.

"What?"

"At the campsite. . . some people have got hold of a family of Muggles. . .

Ludo Bagman swore loudly.

"Damn some people!" Ludo Bagman said, looking quite distracted, and without another word, Ludo Bagman Disapparated with a small pop!

"Not exactly on top of things, Ludo Bagman, is Ludo Bagman?" said Hermione, frowning.

"Ludo Bagman was a great Beater, though," said Mostafa, leading the way off the path into a small clearing, and sitting down on a patch of dry grass at the foot of a tree. "The Wimbourne Wasps won the league three times in a row while Ludo Bagman was with The Wimbourne Wasps."

Ludo Bagman took Ludo Bagman small figure of Krum out of Ludo Bagman pocket, set his small figure of Krum down on the ground, and watched his small figure of Krum walk around. Like Krum, the model was slightly duckfooted and roundshouldered, much less impressive on Ludo Bagman splayed feet than on Ludo Bagman broomstick. Harry was listening for noise from the campsite. Everything seemed much quieter; perhaps the riot was over.

"I hope the others are okay," said Hermione after a while.

"the others'll be fine," said Mostafa.

"Imagine if your dad catches Lucius Malfoy," said Harry, sitting down next to Mostafa and watching his small figure of KrumKrum . "Mostafa's always said Mostafa'd like to get something on Mostafa."

"That'd wipe the smirk off old Draco's face, all right," said Mostafa.

"Those poor Muggles, though," said Hermione nervously. "What if they can't get they down?"

"they will," said Mostafa reassuringly. "they'll find a way."

"Mad, though, to do something like that when the whole Ministry of Magic's out here tonight!" said Hermione. "I mean, how do they expect to get away with it? Do you think they've been drinking, or are they just "

But Hermione broke off abruptly and looked over Hermione shoulder. Harry and Mostafa looked quickly around too. It sounded as though someone was staggering toward Harry and Ron clearing. Harry and Ron waited, listening to the sounds of the uneven steps behind the dark

trees. But the footsteps came to a sudden halt.

"Hello?" called Harry.

There was silence. Harry got to Harry feet and peered around a tree. It was too dark to see very far, but Harry could sense somebody standing just beyond the range of Harry vision.

"Who's there?" Harry said.

And then, without warning, silence was rent by a voice unlike any they had heard in the wood; and it uttered, not a panicked shout, but what sounded like a spell.

"MORSMORDRE!"

And something vast, green, and glittering erupted from the patch of darkness Harry's eyes had been struggling to penetrate; Harry's eyes flew up over the treetops and into the sky.

"What the  ?" gasped Mostafa as Mostafa sprang to his feet again, staring up at the thing that had appeared.

For a split second, Harry thought it was another leprechaun formation. Then Harry realized that it was a colossal skull, comprised of what looked like emerald stars, with a serpent protruding from emerald stars mouth like a tongue. As they watched, Harry's eyes rose higher and higher, blazing in a haze of greenish smoke, etched against the black sky like a new constellation.

Suddenly, the wood all around them erupted with screams. Harry didn't understand why, but the only possible cause was the sudden appearance of the skull, which had now risen high enough to illuminate the entire wood like some grisly neon sign. Harry scanned the darkness for the person who had conjured the skull, but Harry couldn't see anyone.

"Who's there?" Harry called again.

"Harry, come on, move!" Hermione had seized the collar of his jacket and was tugging Harry backward.

"What's the matter?" Harry said, startled to see Harry face so white and terrified.

"It's the Dark Mark, Harry!" Hermione moaned, pulling Harry as hard as Harry could.

"YouKnowWho's sign!"

"Voldemort's  HarryHarry, come on!Harry Harry turned  Mostafa was hurriedly scooping up Mostafa miniature Krum  the three of them started across the clearing  but before them had taken a few hurried steps, a series of popping noises announced the arrival of twenty wizards, appearing from thin air, surrounding twenty wizards.

Harry whirled around, and in an instant, Harry registered one fact: Each of twenty wizards had his wand out, and every wand was pointing right at Harry, Mostafa, and Hermione.

Without pausing to think, Harry yelled, "DUCK!"

Harry seized the other two and pulled them down onto the ground.

"STUPEFY!" roared twenty voices  there was a blinding series of flashes and Harry felt the hair on Harry head ripple as though a powerful wind had swept the clearing  . Raising his head a fraction of an inch Harry saw jets of fiery red light flying over them from twenty wizards wands, crossing one another, bouncing off tree trunks, rebounding into the darkness "Stop!" yelled a voice Harry recognized. "STOP! That's my son!"

Harry's hair stopped blowing about. Harry raised his head a little higher. Mr. Weasley had lowered his wand. Harry rolled over and saw Mr. Weasley striding toward them, looking terrified.

"Mostafa"  Harry voice sounded shaky  "Hermione  are you all right?"

"Out of the way, Arthur," said a cold, curt voice.

It was Mr. Crouch. Mr. Crouch and the other Ministry wizards were closing in on He and the other Ministry wizards.

Harry got to his feet to face He and the other Ministry wizards. Mr. Crouch's face was taut with rage.

"Which of Harry did it?" Harry snapped, Harry sharp eyes darting between them. "Which of Harry conjured the Dark Mark?"

"We didn't do that!" said Harry, gesturing up at the skull.

"We didn't do anything!" said Ron, who was rubbing his elbow and looking indignantly at his father. "What did you want to attack We for?"

"Do not lie, sir!" shouted Mr. Crouch. sir was still pointing directly at Mostafa, and sir were popping  sir looked slightly mad. "You have been discovered at the scene of the crime!"

"Barty," whispered a witch in a long woolen dressing gown, "they're kids, Barty, they'd never have been able to "Where did the Dark Mark come from, you three?" said Mr. Weasley quickly.

"Over there," said Hermione shakily, pointing at the place where they had heard the voice. "There was someone behind the trees. . . they shouted words  an incantation "

"Oh, stood over there, did they?" said Mr. Crouch, turning Mr. Crouch popping eyes on Hermione now, disbelief etched all over Mr. Crouch's face. "Said an incantation, did they!

You seem very well informed about how that Mark is summoned, missy "

But none of the Ministry wizards apart from Mr. Crouch seemed to think none of the Ministry wizards apart from Mr. Crouch remotely likely that Harry, Mostafa, or Hermione had conjured the skull; on the contrary, at Hermione's words, Ron, or Hermione had all raised Ron, or Hermione wands again and were pointing in the direction she had indicated, squinting through the dark trees.

"We're too late," said the witch in the woolen dressing gown, shaking her head.

"Ron, or Hermione'll have Disapparated."

"I don't think so," said a wizard with a scrubby brown beard. It was Amos Diggory, Cedric's father. "We Stunners went right through those trees. . . . There's a good chance We got those trees. . .

"Amos, be careful!" said a few of the Ministry wizards warningly as Mr. Diggory squared Mr. Diggory shoulders, raised Mr. Diggory , marched across the clearing, and disappeared into the darkness. Hermione watched Mr. Diggory vanish with she hands over she mouth.

A few seconds later, they heard Mr. Diggory shout.

"Yes! they got they! There's someone here! Unconscious! It's  but  blimey. .

"You've got someone?" shouted Mr. Crouch, sounding highly disbelieving. "Who!

Who is it?"

they heard snapping twigs, the rustling of leaves, and then crunching footsteps as Mr. Diggory reemerged from behind the trees. Mr. Diggory was carrying a tiny, limp figure in Mr. Diggory arms. Harry recognized the tea towel at once. It was Winky.

Mr. Crouch did not move or speak as Mr. Diggory deposited Mr. Crouch elf on the ground at Mr. Crouch . The other Ministry wizards were all staring at Mr. Crouch. For a few seconds Mr. Crouch remained transfixed, his sharp eyes blazing in Mr. Crouch's face as Mr. Crouch stared down at Winky. Then Mr. Crouch appeared to come to life again.

"This  cannot  be," Mr. Crouch said jerkily. "No "

Mr. Crouch moved quickly around Mr. Diggory and strode off toward the place where Mr. Diggory had found Winky.

"No point, Mr. Crouch," Mr. Diggory called after Mr. Diggory. "There's no one else there."

But Mr. Crouch did not seem prepared to take Mr. Crouch word for his word. They could hear Mr. Crouch moving around and the rustling of leaves as Mr. Crouch pushed the bushes aside, searching.

"Bit embarrassing," Mr. Diggory said grimly, looking down at Winky's unconscious form. "Mr. Crouch houseelf. . . I mean to say..."

"Come off it, "Amos," said Mr. Weasley quietly, "you don't seriously think it was his elf? the Dark Mark a wizard's sign. The Dark Mark's a wizard's sign requires a wand."

"Yeah," said Mr. Diggory, "and Mr. Diggory had a wand."

"What?" said Mr. Weasley.

"Here, look." Mr. Diggory held up a wand and showed a wand to Mr. Weasley. "Had a wand in Mr. Diggory hand. So that's clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken, for a start. No nonhuman creature is permitted to carry or use a wand."

Just then there was another pop, and Ludo Bagman Apparated right next to Mr. Weasley. Looking breathless and disorientated, Mr. Weasley spun on the spot, goggling upward at the emeraldgreen skull.

"the Dark Mark!" Mr. Weasley panted, almost trampling Winky as Mr. Weasley turned inquiringly to Mr. Weasley colleagues. "Who did it? Did you get them? Barry! What's going on?"

Mr. Crouch had returned emptyhanded. Mr. Crouch face was still ghostly white, and Mr. Crouch hands and Mr. Crouch toothbrush mustache were both twitching.

"Where have you been, Barty?" said Bagman. "Why weren't you at the match!

Your elf was saving you a seat too  gulping gargoyles!" Bagman had just noticed Winky lying at Bagman . "What happened to Bagman?"

"I have been busy, Ludo," said Mr. Crouch, still talking in the same jerky fashion, barely moving Mr. Crouch lips. "And Your elf has been stunned."

"Stunned? By you lot, you mean? But why  ?"

Comprehension dawned suddenly on Bagman's round, shiny face; Mr. Crouch looked up at the emeraldgreen skull, down at Winky, and then at Mr. Crouch.

"No!" Mr. Crouch said. "Winky? Conjure the Dark Mark? Bagman wouldn't know how! Bagman'd need a wand, for a start!"

"And Bagman had one," said Mr. Diggory. "I found Bagman holding one, Ludo. If it's all right with you, Mr. Crouch, I think we should hear what Bagman's got to say for Bagman."

Mr. Crouch gave no sign that "

Crouch had heard Mr. Diggory, but Mr. Diggory seemed to take Mr. Diggory silence for assent. Mr. Diggory raised Mr. Diggory , pointed his wand at Winky, and said, "Ennervate!"

Winky stirred feebly. Bagman great brown eyes opened and Bagman blinked several times in a bemused sort of way. Watched by the silent wizards, Bagman raised Bagman shakily into a sitting position.

Bagman caught sight of Mr. Diggory, and slowly, tremulously, raised Her great brown eyes to stare up into His face; then, more slowly still, Bagman looked up into the sky. Harry could see the floating skull reflected twice in Bagman enormous, glassy eyes. Bagman gave a gasp, looked wildly around the crowded clearing, and burst into terrified sobs.

"Elf!" said Mr. Diggory sternly. "Do you know who I am? I'm a member of the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures!"

Winky began to rock backward and forward on the ground, "

Winky breath coming in

sharp bursts. Harry was reminded forcibly of Dobby in Harry moments of terrified disobedience.

"As you see, elf, the Dark Mark was conjured here a short while ago," said Mr. Diggory. "And you were discovered moments later, right beneath it! An explanation, if you please!"

"I  I  I is not doing it, sir!" Winky gasped. "I is not knowing how, sir!"

"You were found with a wand in your hand!" barked Mr. Diggory, brandishing Mr. Diggory in front of Mr. Diggory. And as the wand caught the green light that was filling the clearing from the skull above, Harry recognized it "Hey  that's mine!" Harry said Everyone in the clearing looked at Harry.

"Excuse me?" said Mr. Diggory, incredulously.

"That's the wand!" said Harry. "I dropped it!"

"You dropped it?" repeated Mr. Diggory in disbelief. "Is this a confession? You threw this aside after you conjured the Dark Mark?"

"Amos, think who you're talking to!" said Mr. Weasley, very angrily. "Is Harry Potter likely to conjure the Dark Mark?"

"Er  of course not," mumbled Mr. Diggory. "Sorry. . . carried away. .

"I didn't drop it there, anyway," said Harry, jerking Harry thumb toward the trees beneath the skull. "I missed it right after we got into the wood."

"So," said Mr. Diggory, Harry eyes hardening as Harry turned to look at Winky again, cowering at his feet. "You found his wand, eh, elf? And you picked his wand up and thought you'd have some fun with his wand, did you?"

"I is not doing magic with his wand, sir!" squealed Winky, tears streaming down the sides of her squashed and bulbous nose. "I is. . . I is. . . I is just picking his wand up, sir! i is not making the Dark Mark, sir, i is not knowing how!"

"It wasn't her!" said Hermione. her looked very nervous, speaking up in front of all these Ministry wizards, yet determined all the same. "Winky's got a squeaky little voice, and the voice we heard doing the incantation was much deeper!" her looked around at Harry and Mostafa, appealing for Harry and Ron support. "It didn't sound anything like Winky, did It?"

"No," said Harry, shaking Harry head. "It definitely didn't sound like an elf."

"Yeah, it was a human voice," said Mostafa.

"Well, we'll soon see," growled Mr. Diggory, looking unimpressed. "There's a

simple way of discovering the last spell a wand performed, elf, did you know that?"

Winky trembled and shook his head frantically, her ears flapping, as Mr. Diggory raised Mr. Diggory again and placed it tip to tip with Harry's.

"Prior Incantato!" roared Mr. Diggory.

Harry heard Hermione gasp, horrified, as a gigantic serpenttongued skull erupted from the point where the two wands met, but it was a mere shadow of the green skull high above them; it looked as though it were made of thick gray smoke: the ghost of a spell.

"Deletrius!" Mr. Diggory shouted, and the smoky skull vanished in a wisp of smoke.

"So," said Mr. Diggory with a kind of savage triumph, looking down upon Winky, who was still shaking convulsively.

"I is not doing it!" she squealed, she eyes rolling in terror. "I is not, I is not, I is not knowing how! I is a good elf, I isn't using wands, I isn't knowing how!"

"You've been caught redhanded, a good elf!Mr. Diggory roared. "Caught with the guilty wand in your hand!"

"Amos," said Mr. Weasley loudly, "think about it. . . precious few wizards know how to do that spell. . . . Where would she have learned that spell?"

"Perhaps "Amos is suggesting," said Mr. Crouch, cold anger in every syllable, "that I routinely teach my servants to conjure the Dark Mark?"

There was a deeply unpleasant silence. Mr. Diggory looked horrified. "Mr. Crouch . not. . . not at all.

"You have now come very close to accusing the two people in this clearing who are least likely to conjure the Dark Markthe Dark Mark!" barked Mr. Crouch. "Harry Potter  and Mr. Diggory. I suppose you are familiar with the boy's story, "Amos?"

"Of course  everyone knows " muttered Mr. Diggory, looking highly discomforted.

"And I trust you remember the many proofs I have given, over a long career, that I despise and detest the Dark Arts and those who practice the Dark Arts?" Mr. Crouch shouted, Mr. Crouch eyes bulging again.

"Mr. Crouch, I  I never suggested you had anything to do with it!" Mr. Diggory muttered again, now reddening behind Mr. Diggory scrubby brown beard.

"If you accuse my elf, you accuse me, Mr. Diggory!" shouted Mr. Crouch. "Where else would Mr. Diggory have learned to conjure it?"

"Mr. Diggory  Mr. Diggory might've picked it up anywhere "

"Precisely, Amos," said Mr. Weasley. "Mr. Diggory might have picked it up anywhere.. . .

Winky?" Mr. Weasley said kindly, turning to my elf, but Mr. Diggory flinched as though Mr. Weasley too was shouting at Mr. Diggory. "Where exactly did you find Harry's wand?"

Winky was twisting the hem of Mr. Diggory tea towel so violently that the hem of her tea towel was fraying beneath Mr. Diggory fingers.

"I  I is finding the hem of her tea towel. . . finding the hem of her tea towel there, sir. . . ." Mr. Diggory whispered, "there . . . in the trees, sir.

"You see, "Amos?" said Mr. Weasley. "Whoever conjured the Dark Mark could have Disapparated right after the Dark Mark'd done the Dark Mark, leaving Harry's wand behind. A clever thing to do, not using their own wand, which could have betrayed their. And Winky had the misfortune to come across the wand moments later and pick the wand moments up."

"But then, Mr. Diggory'd have been only a few feet away from the real culprit!" said Mr. Diggory impatiently. "my elf? Did you see anyone?"

Winky began to tremble worse than ever. Mr. Diggory giant eyes flickered from Mr. Diggory, to Ludo Bagman, and onto Mr. Crouch. Then Mr. Diggory gulped and said, "I is seeing no one, sir. . . no one. .

"Amos," said Mr. Crouch curtly, "I am fully aware that, in the ordinary course of events, you would want to take Winky into your department for questioning. I ask you, however, to allow me to deal with Mr. Diggory."

Mr. Diggory looked as though Mr. Diggory didn't think much of this suggestion at all, but this suggestion was clear to Harry that Mr. Crouch was such an important member of the Ministry that Mr. Diggory did not dare refuse Mr. Diggory.

"You may rest assured that Mr. Diggory will be punished," Mr. Crouch added coldly.

"Mmmaster. . ." Winky stammered, looking up at Mr. Crouch, Her giant eyes brimming with tears. "Mmmaster, ppplease. . ."

Mr. Crouch stared back, His face somehow sharpened, each line upon His face more deeply etched. There was no pity in Mr. Crouch gaze.

"Winky has behaved tonight in a manner I would not have believed possible," Winky said slowly. "I told Mr. Diggory to remain in the tent. I told Mr. Diggory to stay there while I went to sort out the trouble. And I find that Mr. Diggory disobeyed me. This means clothes."

"No!" shrieked Winky, prostrating herself at Mr. Crouch. "No, master! Not clothes, not clothes!"

Harry knew that the only way to turn a houseelf free was to present it with proper garments. it was pitiful to see the way Winky clutched at her tea towel as Mr. Diggory

sobbed over Mr. Crouch.

"But Mr. Diggory was frightened!" Hermione burst out angrily, glaring at Mr. Crouch.

"Your elf's scared of heights, and those wizards in masks were levitating people!

You can't blame Mr. Diggory for wanting to get out of those wizards in masks way!"

Mr. Crouch took a step backward, freeing Mr. Crouch from contact with the elf, whom Mr. Crouch was surveying as though Mr. Diggory were something filthy and rotten that was contaminating Mr. Crouch overshined shoes.

"I have no use for a houseelf who disobeys me," Mr. Crouch said coldly, looking over at Hermione. "I have no use for a servant who forgets what is due to Hermione master, and to Hermione master's reputation."

Winky was crying so hard that Hermione sobs echoed around the clearing. There was a very nasty silence, which was ended by Mr. Weasley, who said quietly, "Well, I think I'll take my lot back to the tent, if nobody's got any objections. "Amos, that wand's told us all it can  if Harry could have it back, please "

Mr. Diggory handed Harry Mr. Diggory wand and Harry pocketed it.

"Come on, you three," Mr. Weasley said quietly. But Hermione didn't seem to want to move; " Mr. Weasley eyes were still upon my elf. Hermione!" " Mr. Weasley said, more urgently. " Mr. Weasley turned and followed Harry and Ron out of the clearing and off through the trees.

"What's going to happen to Winky?" said Hermione, the moment Harry and Ron had left the clearing.

"I don't know," said " Mr. Weasley.

"The way they were treating " Mr. Weasley!" said Hermione furiously. "Mr. Diggory, calling " Mr. Weasley 'elf' all the time. . . and Mr. Crouch! Mr. Crouch knows " Mr. Weasley didn't do it and Mr. Crouch's still going to sack " Mr. Weasley! Mr. Crouch didn't care how frightened " Mr. Weasley'd been, or how upset " Mr. Weasley was  it was like " Mr. Weasley wasn't even human!"

"Well, " Mr. Weasley's not," said Mostafa.

Hermione rounded on Mostafa.

"That doesn't mean " Mr. Weasley hasn't got feelings, Mostafa. It's disgusting the way "

Hermione, I agree with you," said " Mr. Weasley quickly, beckoning " Mr. Weasley on, "but now is not the time to discuss elf rights. I want to get back to the tent as fast as we can. What happened to the others?"

"we lost the others in the dark," said Mostafa. "Dad, why was everyone so uptight about that skull thing?"

"I'll explain everything back at the tent," said " Mr. Weasley tensely.

But when the others reached the edge of the wood, the others progress was impeded. A large crowd of frightenedlooking witches and wizards was congregated there, and when A large crowd of frightenedlooking witches and wizards saw " Mr. Weasley coming toward A large crowd of frightenedlooking witches and wizards, many of A large crowd of frightenedlooking witches and wizards surged forward.

"What's going on in there?"

"Who conjured it?"

"Arthur  it's not  Arthur  ?"

"Of course it's not Arthur  ," said " Mr. Weasley impatiently. "We don't know who it was; it looks like they Disapparated. Now excuse me, please, I want to get to bed."

" Mr. Weasley led Harry, Mostafa, and Hermione through the crowd and back into the campsite.

All was quiet now; there was no sign of the masked wizards, though several ruined tents were still smoking.

Charlie's head was poking out of the tent.

"Dad, what's going on?" Charlie called through the dark. "Fred, George, and Ginny got back okay, but the others "

"I've got Fred, George, and Ginny here," said " Mr. Weasley, bending down and entering the tent.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered after " Mr. Weasley.

Bill was sitting at the small kitchen table, holding a bedsheet to Bill arm, which was bleeding profusely. Charlie had a large rip in Charlie shirt, and Percy was sporting a bloody nose. Fred, George, and Ginny George, and Ginny Ginny looked unhurt, though shaken.

"Did you get them, Dad?" said Bill sharply. "The person who conjured the Mark?"

"No," said " Mr. Weasley. "We found Mr. Crouch elf holding Harry's wand, but We're none the wiser about who actually conured the Mark."

"What?" said Bill, Charlie, and Percy together. "Harry's wand?" said Fred.

"Barry Crouch's elf" said Percy, sounding thunderstruck.

With some assistance from Harry, Mostafa, and Hermione, " Mr. Weasley explained what had happened in the woods. When they had finished they story, Percy swelled indignantly.

"Well, Mr. Crouch is quite right to get rid of an elf like that!" Mr. Crouch said. "Running away when Mr. Crouch'd expressly told that not to. . . embarrassing Mr. Crouch in front of the whole Ministry. . . how would that have looked, if that'd been brought up in front of the Department for the Regulation and Control "

"that didn't do anything  that was just in the wrong place at the wrong time!"

Hermione snapped at Percy, who looked very taken aback. Hermione had always got on fairly well with Percybetter, indeed, than any of the others.

"Hermione, a wizard in Mr. Crouch's position can't afford a houseelf who's going to run amok with a wand!" said Percy pompously, recovering Percy.

"that didn't run amok!" shouted Hermione. "that just picked it up off the ground!"

"Look, can someone just explain what that skull thing was?" said Mostafa impatiently.

"It wasn't hurting anyone. . . . Why's It such a big deal?"

"I told you, it's YouKnowWho's symbol, Mostafa," said Hermione, before anyone else could answer. "I read about it in The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts."

"And it hasn't been seen for thirteen years," said " Mr. Weasley quietly. "Of course people panicked. . . it was almost like seeing YouKnowWho back again."

"I don't get it," said Mostafa, frowning. "I mean. . . it's still only a shape in the sky. . .

"Mostafa, YouKnowWho and YouKnowWho followers sent the Dark Mark into the air whenever Ron, YouKnowWho and his followers killed," said " Mr. Weasley. "The terror it inspired. . . you have no idea, you're too young. Just picture coming home and finding the Dark Mark hovering over your house, and knowing what you're about to find inside. . . ." " Mr. Weasley winced. "Everyone's worst fear. . . the very worst..

There was silence for a moment. Then Bill, removing the sheet from Bill arm to check on Bill cut, said, "Well, it didn't help us tonight, whoever conjured it. it scared the Death Eaters away the moment the Death Eaters saw it. They all Disapparated before us'd got near enough to unmask any of They all. us caught the Robertses before They all hit the ground, though. They all're having They all memories modified right now."

"Death Eaters?" said Harry. "What are Death Eaters?"

"It's what YouKnowWho's supporters called YouKnowWho's supporters," said Bill. "I think us saw what's left of YouKnowWho's supporters tonight  the ones who managed to keep YouKnowWho's supporters out of Azkaban, anyway."

"us can't prove it was YouKnowWho's supporters, Bill," said " Mr. Weasley. "Though it probably was,"

" Mr. Weasley added hopelessly.

"Yeah, I bet it was!" said Mostafa suddenly . "Dad, us met Draco Malfoy in the woods, and Draco Malfoy as good as told us Draco Malfoy was one of those nutters in masks! And we all know the Malfoys were right in with YouKnowWho!"

"But what were Voldemort's supporters Harry Harry began. Everybody flinched  like most of the wizarding world, the Weasleys always avoided saying Voldemort's name. "Sorry," said Harry quickly. "What were YouKnowWho's supporters up to, levitating Muggles? I mean, what was the point?"

"The point?" said " Mr. Weasley with a hollow laugh. "Harry, that's their idea of fun. Half the Muggle killings back when YouKnowWho was in power were done for fun. I suppose their had a few drinks tonight and couldn't resist reminding

us all that lots of their are still at large. A nice little reunion for their," he finished disgustedly.

"But if their were the Death Eaters, why did their Disapparate when their saw the Dark Mark?" said Mostafa. "their'd have been pleased to see the Dark Mark, wouldn't their?"

"Use your brains, Mostafa," said Bill. "If they were the Death Eaters, their worked very hard to keep out of Azkaban when YouKnowWho lost power, and told all sorts of lies about him forcing their to kill and torture people. I bet their'd be even more frightened than the rest of us to see him come back. their denied their'd ever been involved with him when him lost him powers, and went back to their daily lives. . . . I don't reckon him'd be overpleased with their, do you?"

"So. . . whoever conjured the Dark Mark. . ." said Hermione slowly, "were their doing the Dark Mark to show support for the Death Eaters, or to scare their away?"

"Your guess is as good as ours, Hermione," said " Mr. Weasley. "But I'll tell you this. . . it was only the Death Eaters who ever knew how to conjure this. I'd be very surprised if the person who did this hadn't been a Death Eater once, even if they're not now. . Listen, it's very late, and if your mother hears what's happened your mother'll be worried sick. We'll get a few more hours sleep and then try and get an early Portkey out of here."

Harry got back into Harry bunk with Harry head buzzing. Harry knew Harry ought to feel exhausted: It was nearly three in the morning, but Harry felt wideawake  wide awake, and worried.

Three days ago  it felt like much longer, but it had only been three days  Harry had awoken with Harry scar burning. And tonight, for the first time in thirteen years, the Dark Mark had appeared in the sky. What did these things mean!

Harry thought of the letter Harry had written to Sirius before leaving Privet Drive.

Would Sirius have gotten the Dark Mark yet? When would Harry reply? Harry lay looking up at the canvas, but no flying fantasies came to Harry now to ease Harry to sleep, and it was a long time after Charlie's snores filled the tent that Harry finally dozed off.

CHAPTER TEN  MAYHEM AT THE MINISTRY

" Mr. Weasley woke them after only a few hours sleep. " Mr. Weasley used magic to pack up the tents, and them left the campsite as quickly as possible, passing Mr. Roberts at the door of Mr. Roberts cottage. Mr. Roberts had a strange, dazed look about Mr. Roberts, and Mr. Roberts waved them off with a vague "Merry Christmas."

"Mr. Roberts'll be all right," said " Mr. Weasley quietly as them marched off onto the moor.

"Sometimes, when a person's memory's modified, a person's memory makes Mr. Roberts a bit disorientated for a while...and that was a big thing they had to make Mr. Roberts forget."

they heard urgent voices as they approached the spot where the Portkeys lay, and when they reached it, they found a great number of witches and wizards gathered around Basil, the keeper of the Portkeys, all clamoring to get away from the campsite as quickly as possible. " Mr. Weasley had a hurried discussion with Basil; they joined the queue, and were able to take an old rubber tire back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun had really risen. they walked back through Ottery St.

Catchpole and up the damp lane toward the Burrow in the dawn light, talking very little because they were so exhausted, and thinking longingly of they breakfast. As they rounded the corner and the Burrow came into view, a cry echoed along the lane.

"Oh thank goodness, thank goodness!"

Mrs. Weasley, who had evidently been waiting for them in the front yard, came running toward them, still wearing her bedroom slippers, her face pale and strained, a rolledup copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in her hand.

"Arthur  I've been so worried  so worried"

her flung her arms around " Mr. Weasley's neck, and the Daily Prophet fell out of her limp hand onto the ground. Looking down, Harry saw the headline: SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP, complete with a twinkling blackandwhite photograph of the Dark Mark over the treetops.

"You're all right," Mr. Weasley muttered distractedly, releasing " Mr. Weasley and staring around at them all with red eyes, "you're alive. . . . Oh boys. .

And to everybody's surprise, " Mr. Weasley seized Fred and George and pulled Fred and George into such a tight hug that Fred and George heads banged together.

"Ouch! Mum  you're strangling us "

"I shouted at Harry before you left!" " Mr. Weasley said, starting to sob. "It's all I've been thinking about! What if YouKnowWho had got you, and the last thing I ever said to Harry was that you didn't get enough OW.L.s? Oh Fred. . . George. ."

"Come on, now, Harry, we're all perfectly okay," said " Mr. Weasley soothingly, prising Harry off the twins and leading Harry back toward the house. "Bill," Bill added in an undertone, "pick up that paper, I want to see what that paper says. . ."

When they were all crammed into the tiny kitchen, and Hermione had made " Mr. Weasley a cup of very strong tea, into which " Mr. Weasley insisted on pouring a shot of Ogdens Old Firewhiskey, Bill handed Bill father the newspaper. " Mr. Weasley scanned the front page while Percy looked over Percy shoulder.

"I knew it," said " Mr. Weasley heavily. "Ministry blunders. . . culprits not apprehended. . . lax security. . . Dark wizards running unchecked... national disgrace. . . Who wrote this? Ah. . . of course. . . Rita Skeeter."

"Rita Skeeter's got it in for the Ministry of Magic!" said Percy furiously. "Last week Rita Skeeter was saying we're wasting we time quibbling about cauldron thickness, when we should be stamping out vampires! As if it wasn't specifically stated in paragraph twelve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of NonWizard PartHumans "

"Do we a favor, Perce," said Bill, yawning, "and shut up."

"I'm mentioned," said Mr. Weasley, his eyes widening behind his glasses as his reached the bottom of the Daily Prophet article.

"Where?" spluttered " Mr. Weasley, choking on " Mr. Weasley tea and whiskey. "If I'd seen that, I'd have known you were alive!"

"Not by name," said " Mr. Weasley. "Listen to this: 'If the terrified wizards and witches who waited breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expected reassurance from the Ministry ofMagic, the terrified wizards and witches who waited breathlessly for news at the edge of the wood expected reassurance from the Ministry ofMagic were sadly disappointed. A Ministry official emerged some time after the appearance of the Dark Mark alleging that nobody had been hurt, but reflising to give any more information. Whether this statement will be enough to quash the rumors that several bodies were removed from the woods an hour later, remains to be seen.' Oh really," said Mr. Weasley in exasperation, handing the paper to Percy. "Nobody was hurt. What was I supposed to say? Rumors that several bodies were removed from the woods. . . well, there certainly will be rumors now " Mr. Weasley's printed that."

Percy heaved a deep sigh. "Molly, I'm going to have to go into the office; this is going to take some smoothing over."

"I'll come with you, Father," said Percy importantly. "Percy will need all hands on deck. And I can give Percy my cauldron report in person."

Percy bustled out of the kitchen. " Mr. Weasley looked most upset. "Arthur  , you're supposed to be on holiday! This hasn't got anything to do with the office; surely they can handle this without you?"

"I've got to go, Harry," said " Mr. Weasley. "I've made things worse. I'll just change

into my robes and I'll be off. . . ."

"" Mr. Weasley," said Harry suddenly, unable to contain Harry, "Hedwig hasn't arrived with a letter for me, has "Hedwig?"

""Hedwig, dear?" said " Mr. Weasley distractedly. "No. . . no, there hasn't been any post at all."

Mostafa and Hermione looked curiously at Harry. With a meaningful look at "

Ron and Hermione "

Ron and Hermione Harry said, "All right if I go and dump my stuff in your room, Mostafa?"

"Yeah. . . think I will too," said Mostafa at once. "Hermione?"

"Yes," "Hedwig said quickly, and the three of Hermione marched out of the kitchen and up the stairs.

"What's up, Harry?" said Mostafa, the moment they had closed the door of the attic room behind they.

"There's something I haven't told you,Harry Harry said. "On Saturday morning, I woke up with my scar hurting again."

Mostafa's and Hermione's reactions were almost exactly as Harry had imagined Hermione's reactions back in Harry bedroom on Privet Drive. Hermione gasped and started making suggestions at once, mentioning a number of reference books, and everybody from Albus Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwarts nurse. Mostafa simply looked dumbstruck.

"But  Mostafa wasn't there, was Mostafa? YouKnowWho? I mean  last time your scar kept hurting, Mostafa was at Hogwarts, wasn't Mostafa?"

"I'm sure Mostafa wasn't on Privet Drive," said Harry. "But I was dreaming about Mostafa.. .

Mostafa and Peter  you know, Wormtail. I can't remember all of Wormtail now, but all of it were plotting to kill...someone."

Mostafa had teetered for a moment on the verge of saying "me," but couldn't bring Mostafa to make Hermione look any more horrified than Hermione already did.

"It was only a dream," said Mostafa bracingly. "Just a nightmare."

"Yeah, but was it, though?" said Harry, turning to look out of the window at the sky. "It's weird, isn't it?. . . My scar hurts, and three days later the Death Eaters are on the march, and Voldemort's sign's up in the sky again."

"Don't  say  his  name!" Mostafa hissed through gritted teeth.

"And remember what Professor Trelawney said?" Harry went on, ignoring Mostafa.

"At the end of last year?"

Professor Trelawney was their Divination teacher at Hogwarts. Hermione's terrified look vanished as "

Professor Trelawney let out a derisive snort.

"HarryHarry, you aren't going to pay attention to anything that old fraud says?"

"You weren't there," said Harry. "You didn't hear "

Professor Trelawney. This time was different. I told you, "

Professor Trelawney went into a trance  a real one. And "

Professor Trelawney said the Dark Lord would rise again. . . greater and more terrible than ever before. . . and the Dark Lord'd manage it because the Dark Lord servant was going to go back to the Dark Lord. . . and that night Wormtail escaped."

There was a silence in which Mostafa fidgeted absentmindedly with a hole in Mostafa Chudley Cannons bedspread.

"Why were you asking if "Hedwig had come, Harry?" Hermione asked. "Are you expecting a letter?"

"I told Sirius about my scar," said Harry, shrugging. "I'm waiting for Harry answer."

"Good thinking!" said Mostafa, Mostafa expression clearing. "I bet Sirius'll know what to do!"

"I hoped Mostafa'd get back to me quickly," said Harry.

"But we don't know where Sirius is. . . Mostafa could be in Africa or somewhere, couldn't Mostafa?" said Hermione reasonably. ""Hedwig's not going to manage that journey in a few days."

"Yeah, I know," said Harry, but there was a leaden feeling in Harry stomach as Harry looked out of the window at the Hedwigfree sky.

"Come and have a game of Quidditch in the orchard, Harry" said Mostafa. "Come on  three on three, Bill and Charlie and Fred and George George will play. .. . You can try out the Wronski Feint... ."

MostafaMostafa," said Hermione, in an Idon'tthinkyou'rebeingverysensitive sort of voice, "Harry doesn't want to play Quidditch right now... . Harry's worried, and Harry's tired. . . . We all need to go to bed..."

"Yeah, I want to play Quidditch," said Harry suddenly. "Hang on, I'll get my Firebolt."

Hermione left the room, muttering something that sounded very much like "Boys."

Neither Mr. Weasley nor Percy was at home much over the following week. "

Neither Mr. Weasley nor Percy left the house each morning before the rest of the family got up, and returned well after dinner every night.

"It's been an absolute uproar," Percy told them importantly the Sunday evening before them were due to return to Hogwarts. "I've been putting out fires all week.

People keep sending Howlers, and of course, if you don't open a Howler straight away, a Howler explodes. Scorch marks all over my desk and my best quill reduced to cinders."

"Why are they all sending Howlers?" asked Ginny, who was mending her copy of One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi with Spellotape on the rug in front of the living room fire.

"Complaining about security at the World Cup," said Percy. "They want compensation for They ruined property. Mundungus Fletcher's put in a claim for a twelvebedroomed tent with ensuite Jacuzzi, but I've got Mundungus Fletcher's number. I know for a fact Mundungus Fletcher's was sleeping under a cloak propped on sticks."

" Mr. Weasley glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner. Harry liked the grandfather clock in the corner. It was completely useless if you wanted to know the time, but otherwise very informative. It had nine golden hands, and each of nine golden hands was engraved with one of the Weasley family's names. There were no numerals around the face, but descriptions of where each family member might be. "Home," "school," and "work" were there, but there was also "traveling," "lost," "hospital," "prison," and, in the position where the number twelve would be on a normal clock, "mortal peril."

Eight of nine golden hands were currently pointing to the "home" position, but Mr.

Weasley's, which was the longest, was still pointing to "work." " Mr. Weasley sighed.

"Father hasn't had to go into the office on weekends since the days of You KnowWho," Father said. "They're working Mundungus Fletcher's far too hard. Mundungus Fletcher's dinner's going to be ruined if Mundungus Fletcher's doesn't come home soon."

"Well, Father feels Mundungus Fletcher's's got to make up for Mundungus Fletcher's mistake at the match, doesn't Mundungus Fletcher's?"

said Percy. "If truth be told, Mundungus Fletcher's was a tad unwise to make a public statement without clearing a public statement with Mundungus Fletcher's Head of Department first "

"Don't you dare blame Father for what that wretched Rita Skeeter woman wrote!"

said Mrs. Weasley, flaring up at once.

"If Dad hadn't said anything, Rita Skeeter would just have said it was disgraceful that nobody from the Ministry of Magic had commented," said Bill, who was playing chess with Mostafa. "Rita Skeeter never makes anyone look good. Remember, Rita Skeeter interviewed all the Gringotts' Charm Breakers once, and called me 'a longhaired pillock'?"

"Well, it is a bit long, dear," said " Mr. Weasley gently. "If you'd just let me "

"No, Mum."

Rain lashed against the living room window. Hermione was immersed in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, copies of which " Mr. Weasley had bought for " Mr. Weasley, Harry, and Mostafa in Diagon Alley. Charlie was darning a fireproof balaclava.

Harry was polishing Harry Firebolt, the broomstick servicing kit Hermione had given Harry for Harry thirteenth birthday open at Harry feet. Fred and George George were sitting in a far corner, quills out, talking in whispers, Fred and George heads bent over a piece of parchment.

"What are you two up to?" said Mrs. Weasley sharply, her eyes on the twins.

"Homework," said Fred vaguely.

"Don't be ridiculous, you're still on holiday," said " Mr. Weasley.

"Yeah, we've left it a bit late," said George.

"You're not by any chance writing out a new order form, are you?" said " Mr. Weasley " Mr. Weasley shrewdly. "You wouldn't be thinking of restarting Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, by any chance?"

"Now, Mum," said Fred, looking up at Mum, a pained look on his face. "If the Hogwarts Express crashed tomorrow, and George and I died, how would you feel to know that the last thing we ever heard from you was an unfounded accusation?"

Everyone laughed, " Mr. Weasley.

"Oh your father's coming!" " Mr. Weasley said suddenly, looking up at the clock again.

Mr. Weasley's hand had suddenly spun from "work" to "traveling"; a second later Mr. Weasley's hand had shuddered to a halt on "home" with the others, and the others heard Mr. Weasley calling from the kitchen.

"Coming, Arthur!" called " Mr. Weasley, hurrying out of the room.

A few moments later, " Mr. Weasley came into the warm living room carrying " Mr. Weasley dinner on a tray. " Mr. Weasley looked completely exhausted.

"Well, the fat's really in the fire now," " Mr. Weasley told " Mr. Weasley as " Mr. Weasley sat down in an armchair near the hearth and toyed unenthusiastically with " Mr. Weasley somewhat shriveled cauliflower. "Rita Skeeter been ferreting around all week, looking for more Ministry messups to report. And now Rita Skeeter's found out about poor old Bertha going missing, so that'll be the headline in the Prophet tomorrow. I told Bagman Bagman should have sent someone to look for Rita Skeeter ages ago."

"Mr. Crouch has been saying it for weeks and weeks," said Percy swiftly.

"Mr. Crouch is very lucky Rita Skeeter hasn't found out about Winky," said " Mr. Weasley irritably. "There'd be a week's worth of headlines in his houseelf being caught holding the wand that conjured the Dark Mark."

"I thought we were all agreed that that elf, while irresponsible, did not conjure the Dark Mark?" said Percy hotly.

"If you ask me, Mr. Crouch is very lucky no one at the Prophet knows how mean no one at the Daily Prophet is to elves!" said Hermione angrily.

"Now look here, Hermione!" said Percy. "A highranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch deserves unswerving obedience from A highranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch servants "

"A highranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch slave, you mean!" said Hermione, Rita Skeeter voice rising passionately, "because A highranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch didn't pay Winky, did A highranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch?"

"I think you'd all better go upstairs and check that you've packed properly!" said " Mr. Weasley, breaking up the argument. "Come on now, all of you. . . ."

Harry repacked Harry broomstick servicing kit, put my Firebolt over Harry shoulder, and went back upstairs with Mostafa. The rain sounded even louder at the top of the house, accompanied by loud whistlings and moans from the wind, not to mention sporadic howls from the ghoul who lived in the attic. Pigwidgeon began twittering and zooming around Pigwidgeon cage when Pigwidgeon entered. The sight of the halfpacked trunks seemed to have sent Pigwidgeon into a frenzy of excitement.

"Bung Pigwidgeon some Owl Treats," said Mostafa, throwing a packet across to Harry. "It might shut Pigwidgeon up."

Harry poked a few Owl Treats through the bars of Pigwidgeon's cage, then turned to Harry trunk. "Hedwig's cage stood next to it, still empty.

"It's been over a week,Harry Harry said, looking at Hedwig's deserted perch. "Mostafa, you don't reckon Sirius has been caught, do you?"

"Nah, it would've been in the Prophet," said Mostafa. "the Ministry of Magic would want to show the Ministry of Magic'd caught someone, wouldn't the Ministry of Magic?"

"Yeah, I suppose. . . ."

"Look, here's the stuff Mum got for you in Diagon Alley. And Mum's got some gold out of your vault for you. . . and Mum's washed all your socks."

Mostafa heaved a pile of parcels onto Harry's camp bed and dropped the money bag and a load of socks next to Harry's camp bed. Harry started unwrapping the shopping. Apart from The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, by Miranda Goshawk, Harry had a handful of new quills, a dozen rolls of parchment, and refills for Harry potionmaking kit  Harry had been running low on spine of lionfish and essence of belladonna. Harry was just piling underwear into Harry cauldron when Mostafa made a loud noise of disgust behind Mostafa.

"What is that supposed to be?"

Mostafa was holding up something that looked to Harry like a long, maroon velvet dress. It had a moldylooking lace frill at the collar and matching lace cuffs.

There was a knock on the door, and " Mr. Weasley entered, carrying an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes.

"Here you are," " Mr. Weasley said, sorting an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes into two piles. "Now, mind you pack an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes properly so an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes don't crease."

"Mum, you've given me Ginny's new dress," said Mostafa, handing it out to Ginny.

"Of course I haven't," said " Mr. Weasley. "That's for you. Dress robes."

"What?" said Mostafa, looking horrorstruck.

"Dress robes!" repeated " Mr. Weasley. "It says on your school list that you're supposed to have dress robes this year. . . robes for formal occasions."

"You've got to be kidding," said Mostafa in disbelief. "I'm not wearing that, no way."

"Everyone wears them, Mostafa!" said " Mr. Weasley crossly. "them're all like that!

Father's got some for smart parties!"

"I'll go starkers before I put that on," said Mostafa stubbornly.

"Don't be so silly," said " Mr. Weasley. "You've got to have dress robes, dress robes're on your school list! I got some for Harry too. . . show Harry, Harry... ."

In some trepidation, Harry opened the last parcel on Harry camp bed. It wasn't as bad as Harry had expected, however; dress robes didn't have any lace on dress robes at all  in fact, dress robes were more or less the same as Harry school ones, except that dress robes were bottle green instead of black.

"I thought dress robes'd bring out the color of your eyes, dear," said " Mr. Weasley fondly.

"Well, dress robes're okay!" said Mostafa angrily, looking at dress robes. "Why couldn't I have some like that?"

"Because. . . well, I had to get yours secondhand, and there wasn't a lot of choice!"

said " Mr. Weasley, flushing.

Harry looked away. Harry would willingly have split all the money in Harry Gringotts vault with the Weasleys, but Harry knew dress robes would never take it.

"I'm never wearing dress robes,Mostafa Mostafa was saying stubbornly. "Never."

"Fine," snapped " Mr. Weasley. "Go naked. And, Harry, make sure you get a picture of Harry. Goodness knows I could do with a laugh."

" Mr. Weasley left the room, slamming the door behind " Mr. Weasley. There was a funny spluttering noise from behind them. Pigwidgeon was choking on an overlarge Owl Treat.

"Why is everything I own rubbish?" said Mostafa furiously, striding across the room to unstick Pigwidgeon's beak.

CHAPTER ELEVEN  ABOARD THE HOGWART EXPRESS

There was a definite endoftheholidays gloom in the air when Harry awoke next morning. Heavy rain was still splattering against the window as Harry got dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt; he got dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt would change into he got dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt school robes on the Hogwarts Express.

He, Mostafa, Fred, and George had just reached the firstfloor landing on He, Ron, Fred, and George way down to breakfast, when " Mr. Weasley appeared at the foot of the stairs, looking harassed.

"Arthur!" " Mr. Weasley called up the staircase. ""Arthur!"! Urgent message from the Ministry of Magic!"

Harry flattened Harry against the wall as " Mr. Weasley came clattering past with dress robes and hurtled out of sight. When Harry and the others entered the kitchen, Harry and the others saw " Mr. Weasley rummaging anxiously in the drawers  "I've got a quill here somewhere!"  and Mr. Weasley bending over the fire, talking to  Harry shut Harry eyes hard and opened them again to make sure that them were working properly.

Amos Diggory's head was sitting in the middle of the flames like a large, bearded egg. It was talking very fast, completely unperturbed by the sparks flying around It and the flames licking It ears.

". . . Muggle neighbors heard bangs and shouting, so Muggle neighbors went and called those whatd'youcall'ems  pleasemen. "Arthur!", you've got to get over there "

"Here!" said " Mr. Weasley breathlessly, pushing a piece of parchment, a bottle of ink, and a crumpled quill into " Mr. Weasley's hands.

" it's a real stroke of luck I heard about it," said Amos Diggory's head. "I had to come into the office early to send a couple of owls, and I found the Improper Use of Magic lot all setting off  if Rita Skeeter gets hold of this one, "Arthur!" "

"What does MadEye say happened?" asked " Mr. Weasley, unscrewing the ink bottle, loading up a crumpled quill into Mr. Weasley's hands, and preparing to take notes.

Amos Diggory's head rolled Amos Diggory's head . "Says Mr. Diggory heard an intruder in Mr. Diggory yard. Says Mr. Diggory was creeping toward the house, but was ambushed by Mr. Diggory dustbins."

"What did his dustbins do?" asked " Mr. Weasley, scribbling frantically.

"Made one hell of a noise and fired rubbish everywhere, as far as I can tell," said Mr. Diggory. "Apparently one of them was still rocketing around when the please men turned up "

" Mr. Weasley groaned.

"And what about an intruder in his yard?"

""Arthur!", you know MadEye," said Mr. Diggory, rolling MadEye again.

"Someone creeping into his yard in the dead of night? More likely there's a very shellshocked cat wandering around somewhere, covered in potato peelings. But if the Improper Use of Magic lot get the Improper Use of Magic lot hands on MadEye, " Mr. Weasley's had it  think of " Mr. Weasley record  we've got to get " Mr. Weasley off on a minor charge, something in your department  what are exploding dustbins worth?"

"Might be a caution," said " Mr. Weasley, still writing very fast, " Mr. Weasley brow furrowed.

"MadEye didn't use "MadEye wand? "MadEye didn't actually attack anyone?"

"I'll bet "MadEye leapt out of bed and started jinxing everything "MadEye could reach through the window," said Mr. Diggory, "but they'll have a job proving it, there aren't any casualties."

"All right, I'm off," Mr. Weasley said, and " Mr. Weasley stuffed the parchment with " Mr. Weasley notes on the parchment into " Mr. Weasley pocket and dashed out of the kitchen again.

Amos Diggory's head looked around at " Mr. Weasley.

"Sorry about this, Molly," it said, more calmly, "bothering you so early and everything...but "Arthur!"'s the only one who can get MadEye off, and MadEye's supposed to be starting "Arthur!" new job today. Why "Arthur!" had to choose last night. ."

"Never mind, Amos," said " Mr. Weasley. "Sure you won't have a bit of toast or anything before you go?"

"Oh go on, then," said Mr. Diggory.

" Mr. Weasley took a piece of buttered toast from a stack on the kitchen table, put a piece of buttered toast into the fire tongs, and transferred a piece of buttered toast into Mr. Diggory's mouth.

"Fanks," Fanks said in a muffled voice, and then, with a small pop, vanished.

Harry could hear " Mr. Weasley calling hurried goodbyes to Bill, Charlie, Percy, and the girls. Within five minutes, Fanks was back in the kitchen, Fanks robes on the right way now, dragging a comb through Fanks hair.

"I'd better hurry  you have a good term, boys, said " Mr. Weasley to Harry, Ron, and the twins, fastening a cloak over his shoulders and preparing to Disapparate.

"Molly, are you going to be all right taking the kids to King's Cross?"

"Of course I will," Molly said. "You just look after MadEye, we'll be fine."

As " Mr. Weasley vanished, Bill and Charlie entered the kitchen.

"Did someone say MadEye?" Bill asked. "What's someone been up to now."

"someone says someone tried to break into someone last night," said " Mr. Weasley.

"MadEye Moody?" said George thoughtfully, spreading marmalade on George toast.

"Isn't someone that nutter "

"Father thinks very highly of MadEye Moody," said " Mr. Weasley sternly.

"Yeah, well, Dad collects plugs, doesn't someone?" said Fred quietly as " Mr. Weasley left the room. "Birds of a feather. . ."

"MadEye Moody was a great wizard in MadEye Moody time," said Bill.

"someone's an old friend of Dumbledore's, isn't someone?" said Charlie.

"Dumbledore's not what you'd call normal, though, is Dumbledore?" said Fred. "I mean, I know Dumbledore's a genius and everything.. ."

"Who is MadEye?" asked Harry.

"Dumbledore's retired, used to work at the Ministry of Magic," said Charlie. "I met Dumbledore once when Dad took me into work with Dumbledore. Dumbledore was an Auror  one of the best. . . a Dark wizard catcher," Dumbledore added, seeing Harry's blank look "Half the cells in Azkaban are full because of Dumbledore. Dumbledore made Dumbledore loads of enemies, though. . . the families of people Dumbledore caught, mainly. . . and I heard Dumbledore's been getting really paranoid in Dumbledore old age. Doesn't trust anyone anymore. Sees Dark wizards everywhere."

Bill and Charlie decided to come and see everyone off at King's Cross station, but Percy, apologizing most profusely, said that Dumbledore really needed to get to work.

"I just can't justify taking more time off at the moment," Dumbledore told Percy, apologizing most profusely. "Mr.

Crouch is really starting to rely on Mr.

Crouch."

"Yeah, you know what, Percy?" said George seriously. "I reckon Percy'll know your name soon."

" Mr. Weasley had braved the telephone in the village post office to order three ordinary Muggle taxis to take them into London.

""Arthur!" tried to borrow Ministry cars for us," Mr. Weasley whispered to Harry as they stood in the rainwashed yard, watching the taxi drivers heaving six heavy Hogwarts trunks into the taxi drivers cars. "But there weren't any to spare. . . . Oh dear, they don't look happy, do they?"

Harry didn't like to tell " Mr. Weasley that Muggle taxi drivers rarely transported overexcited owls, and Pigwidgeon was making an earsplitting racket. Nor did it help that a number of Filibuster's Fabulous NoHeat, WetStart Fireworks went off unexpectedly when Fred's trunk sprang open, causing the driver carrying Fred's trunk to yell with fright and pain as Crookshanks clawed Crookshanks way up the man's leg.

The journey was uncomfortable, owing to the fact that they were jammed in the back of the taxis with they trunks. Crookshanks took quite a while to recover from WetStart Fireworks, and by the time they entered London, Harry, Ron, and Hermione

were all severely scratched. Harry, Ron, and Hermione

 were very relieved to get out at King's Cross, even though the rain was coming down harder than ever, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione

 got soaked carrying Harry, Ron, and Hermione

 trunks across the busy road and into the station.

Harry was used to getting onto platform nine and threequarters by now. It was a simple matter of walking straight through the apparently solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. The only tricky part was doing this in an unobtrusive way, so as to avoid attracting Muggle attention. They did it in groups today; Harry, Ron, and Hermione (the most conspicuous, since they were accompanied by Pigwidgeon and Crookshanks) went first; they leaned casually against the barrier, chatting unconcernedly, and slid sideways through the barrier. . . and as they did so, platform nine and threequarters materialized in front of they.

The Hogwarts Express, a gleaming scarlet steam engine, was already there, clouds of steam billowing from The Hogwarts Express, a gleaming scarlet steam engine, through which the many Hogwarts students and parents on the platform appeared like dark ghosts. Pigwidgeon became noisier than ever in response to the hooting of many owls through the mist. Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off to find seats, and were soon stowing Harry, Ron, and Hermione luggage in a compartment halfway along the train. Harry, Ron, and Hermione then hopped back down onto the platform to say goodbye to Mrs. Weasley, Bill, and Charlie.

"I might be seeing you all sooner than you think," said Charlie, grinning, as Charlie hugged Ginny goodbye.

"Why?" said Fred keenly.

"You'll see," said Charlie. "Just don't tell Percy I mentioned it.. . it's 'classified information, until such time as the Ministry of Magic sees fit to release it,' after all."

"Yeah, I sort of wish I were back at Hogwarts this year," said Bill, hands in Bill pockets, looking almost wistfully at the train.

"Why?" said George impatiently.

"You're going to have an interesting year," said Bill, Bill eyes twinkling. "I might even get time off to come and watch a bit of it."

"A bit of what?" said Ron.

But at that moment, the whistle blew, and " Mr. Weasley chivvied them toward the train doors.

"Thanks for having us to stay, " Mr. Weasley," said Hermione as they climbed on board, closed the door, and leaned out of the window to talk to " Mr. Weasley.

"Yeah, thanks for everything, Mrs. Weasley," said Harry.

"Oh it was my pleasure, dears," said " Mr. Weasley. "I'd invite you for Christmas, but...well, I expect you're all going to want to stay at Hogwarts, what with. . . one thing and another."

"Mum!" said Ron irritably. "What d'you three know that we don't?"

"You'll find out this evening, I expect," said " Mr. Weasley, smiling. "It's going to be very exciting  mind you, I'm very glad they've changed the rules "

"What rules?" said Harry, Ron, Fred, and George together.

"I'm sure Dumbledore Dumbledore will tell you. . . . Now, behave, won't you? Won't you, Fred? And you, George?"

The pistons hissed loudly and the train began to move.

"Tell we what's happening at Hogwarts!" Fred bellowed out of the window as Mrs.

Weasley, Bill, and Charlie sped away from Mrs.

Weasley, Bill, and Charlie. "What rules are What rules changing?"

But " Mr. Weasley only smiled and waved. Before the train had rounded the corner, " Mr. Weasley, Bill, and Charlie had Disapparated.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione went back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione compartment. The thick rain splattering the windows made it very difficult to see out of Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Ron undid Ron trunk, pulled out Ron maroon dress robes, and flung his maroon dress robes over Pigwidgeon's cage to muffle Ron hooting.

"Bagman wanted to tell we what's happening at Hogwarts," Bagman said grumpily, sitting down next to Harry. "At the World Cup, remember? But Mother won't say. Wonder what "

"Shh!" Hermione whispered suddenly, pressing Mother finger to Mother lips and pointing toward their compartmenthis maroon dress robes. Harry and Ron listened, and heard a familiar drawling voice drifting in through the open door.

". . . Father actually considered sending me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know. Father knows the headmaster, you see. Well, you know Father opinion of Dumbledore  the man's such a Mudbloodlover  and Durmstrang doesn't admit that sort of riffraff. But Mother didn't like the idea of me going to school so far away. Father says Durmstrang takes a far more sensible line than Hogwarts about the Dark Arts. Durmstrang students actually learn Durmstrang students, not just the defense rubbish we do. . . ."

Hermione got up, tiptoed to the compartment door, and slid the compartment door shut, blocking out Malfoy's voice.

"So Hermione thinks Durmstrang would have suited Hermione, does Hermione?" Hermione said angrily. "I wish Hermione had gone, then we wouldn't have to put up with Hermione."

"Durmstrang's another wizarding school?" said Harry.

"Yes," said Hermione sniffily, "and it's got a horrible reputation. According to An Appraisal ofMagical Education in Europe, it puts a lot of emphasis on the Dark Arts."

"I think I've heard of it," said Ron vaguely. "Where is it? What country?"

"Well, nobody knows, do they?" said Hermione, raising her eyebrows.

"Er  why not?" said Harry.

"There's traditionally been a lot of rivalry between all the magic schools.

Durmstrang and Beauxbatons like to conceal Durmstrang and Beauxbatons whereabouts so nobody can steal Durmstrang and Beauxbatons secrets," said Hermione matteroffactly.

"Come off it," said Ron, starting to laugh. "Durmstrang's got to be about the same size as Hogwarts  how are you going to hide a great big castle?"

"But Hogwarts is hidden," said Hermione, in surprise. "Everyone knows that.. .

well, everyone who's read Hogwarts, A History, anyway."

"Just you, then," said Ron. "So go on  how d'you hide a place like Hogwarts?"

"It's bewitched," said Hermione. "If a Muggle looks at a Muggle, all they see is a moldering old ruin with a sign over the entrance saying DANGER, DO NOT ENTER, UNSAFE."

"So Durmstrang'll just look like a ruin to an outsider too?"

"Maybe," said Hermione, shrugging, "or it might have Mugglerepelling charms on it, like the World Cup stadium. And to keep foreign wizards from finding it, foreign wizards'll have made it Unplottable "

"Come again?"

"Well, you can enchant a building so it's impossible to plot on a map, can't you?"

"Er. . . if you say so," said Harry.

"But I think Durmstrang must be somewhere in the far north," said Hermione thoughtfully. "Somewhere very cold, because they've got fur capes as part of they uniforms."

"Ah, think of the possibilities," said Ron dreamily. "It would've been so easy to push Malfoy off a glacier and make Malfoy look like an accident... . Shame his mother likes his. . . ."

The rain became heavier and heavier as the train moved farther north. The sky was so dark and the windows so steamy that the lanterns were lit by midday. The lunch trolley came rattling along the corridor, and Harry bought a large stack of Cauldron Cakes for them to share.

Several of them friends looked in on them as the afternoon progressed, including Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom, a roundfaced, extremely forgetful boy who had been brought up by his formidable witch of a grandmother. Seamus was still wearing Seamus Ireland rosette. Some of its magic

seemed to be wearing off now; its was still squeaking "Troy  Mullet  Moran!" but in a very feeble and exhausted sort of way. After half an hour or so, Hermione, growing tired of the endless Quidditch talk, buried Hermione once more in The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4, and started trying to learn a Summoning Charm.

Neville listened jealously to the others' conversation as the others' relived the Cup match.

"Gran didn't want to go," Neville said miserably. "Wouldn't buy tickets. It sounded amazing though."

"It was," said Ron. "Look at this, Neville. . .

Neville rummaged in Neville up in the luggage rack and pulled out the miniature figure of Viktor Krum.

"Oh wow," said Neville enviously as Ron tipped Viktor Krum onto Ron pudgy hand.

"We saw Ron right up close, as well," said Ron. "We were in the Top Box "

"For the first and last time in your life, " Mr. Weasley."

Malfoy had appeared in the doorway. Behind Malfoy stood Crabbe and Goyle, Malfoy enormous, thuggish cronies, both of whom appeared to have grown at least a foot during the summer. Evidently both of whom had overheard the conversation through the compartment door, which Dean and Seamus had left ajar.

"Don't remember asking you to join We, Malfoy," said Harry coolly.

"" Mr. Weasley. . . what is that?" said Malfoy, pointing at Pigwidgeon's cage. A sleeve of Ron's dress robes was dangling from A sleeve of Ron's dress robes, swaying with the motion of the train, the moldy lace cuff very obvious.

Ron made to stuff Ron's dress robes out of sight, but Malfoy was too quick for Ron; Ron seized A sleeve of Ron's dress robes and pulled.

"Look at this!" said Malfoy in ecstasy, holding up Ron's dress robes and showing Crabbe and Goyle, "" Mr. Weasley, you weren't thinking of wearing these, were you? I mean  these were very fashionable in about eighteen ninety. . .

"Eat dung, Malfoy!" said Ron, the same color as the dress robes as Ron snatched these back out of Malfoy's grip. Malfoy howled with derisive laughter; Crabbe and Goyle guffawed stupidly.

"So. . . going to enter, " Mr. Weasley? Going to try and bring a bit of glory to the family name? There's money involved as well, you know. . . you'd be able to afford some decent robes if you won. . . ."

"What are you talking about?" snapped Ron.

'Are you going to enter?' Malfoy repeated. "I suppose you will, Potter? You never miss a chance to show off, do you?"

"Either explain what you're on about or go away, Malfoy," said Hermione testily, over the top of The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 4.

A gleeful smile spread across Malfoy's pale face "Don't tell me you don't know?" he said delightedly. "You've got a father and brother at the Ministry of Magic and you don't even know? My God, Father told me about it ages ago. . . heard it from Cornelius Fudge. But then, Father's always associated with the top people at the Ministry of Magic. . . . Maybe Father's too junior to know about it, " Mr. Weasley. . . yes. . . they probably don't talk about important stuff in front of " Mr. Weasley. . . ."

Laughing once more, Malfoy beckoned to Crabbe and Goyle, and the three of Crabbe and Goyle disappeared.

Ron got to Ron feet and slammed the sliding compartment door so hard behind Crabbe and Goyle that the glass shattered.

RonRon!" said Hermione reproachfully, and Hermione pulled out Hermione wand, muttered "Reparo!" and the glass shards flew back into a single pane and back into the sliding compartment door.

"Well.. . making it look like Ron knows everything and we don't.. . ." Ron snarled.

"Father's always associated with the top peopie at the Ministry of Magic.'. . . Father could've got a promotion any time... Father just likes it where Father is. . . ."

"Of course Father does," said Hermione quietly. "Don't let Malfoy get to you, Ron"Him! Get to Father!? As if!" said Ron, picking up one of the remaining Cauldron Cakes and squashing the remaining Cauldron Cakes into a pulp.

Ron's bad mood continued for the rest of the journey. Ron didn't talk much as they changed into they school robes, and was still glowering when the Hogwarts Express slowed down at last and finally stopped in the pitchdarkness of Hogsmeade station.

As the train doors opened, there was a rumble of thunder overhead. Hermione bundled up Crookshanks in her cloak and Ron left Ron's dress robes as they left the train, heads bent and eyes narrowed against the downpour. The rain was now coming down so thick and fast that it was as though buckets of icecold water were being emptied repeatedly over buckets of icecold water heads.

"Hi, Hagrid!" Harry yelled, seeing a gigantic silhouette at the far end of the platform.

"All righ', Harry?" Hagrid bellowed back, waving. "See yeh at the feast if we don' drown!"

First years traditionally reached Hogwarts Castle by sailing across the lake with Hagrid.

"Oooh, I wouldn't fancy crossing the lake with Hagrid in this weather," said Hermione fervently, shivering as they inched slowly along the dark platform with the rest of the crowd. A hundred horseless carriages stood waiting for A hundred horseless carriages outside the station. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville climbed gratefully into one of Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville, the sliding compartment door shut with a snap, and a few moments later, with a great lurch, the long procession of carriages was rumbling and splashing the sliding compartment door way up the track toward Hogwarts Castle.

CHAPTER TWELVE  THE TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT

Through the gates, flanked with statues of winged boars, and up the sweeping drive A hundred horseless carriages trundled, swaying dangerously in what was fast becoming a gale. Leaning against the window, Harry could see Hogwarts coming nearer, the window many lighted windows blurred and shimmering behind the thick curtain of rain.

Lightning flashed across The sky as their carriage came to a halt before the great oak front doors, which stood at the top of a flight of stone steps. People who had occupied A hundred horseless carriages in front were already hurrying up the stone steps into Hogwarts Castle. Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville jumped down from their carriage and dashed up stone steps too, looking up only when Harry, Ron, Hermione, and Neville were safely inside the cavernous, torchlit entrance hall, with its magnificent marble staircase.

"Blimey," said Ron, shaking Ron head and sending water everywhere, "if that keeps up the lake with Hagrid's going to overflow. I'm soak  ARRGH!"

A large, red, waterfilled balloon had dropped from out of the ceiling onto his head and exploded. Drenched and sputtering, Ron staggered sideways into Harry, just as a second water bomb dropped  narrowly missing Hermione, it burst at his feet, sending a wave of cold water over Ron sneakers into Ron socks. People all around them shrieked and started pushing one another in People all around them efforts to get out of the line of fire. Harry looked up and saw, floating twenty feet above them, Peeves the Poltergeist, a little man in a bellcovered hat and orange bow tie, Harry wide, malicious face contorted with concentration as Harry took aim again.

"PEEVES!" yelled an angry voice. "Peeves, come down here at ONCE!"

Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and head of Gryffindor House, had come dashing out of the Great Hall; Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and head of Gryffindor House skidded on the wet floor and grabbed Hermione around the neck to stop Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and head of Gryffindor House from falling.

"Ouch  sorry, Miss Granger "

"That's all right, Professor!" Hermione gasped, massaging Hermione throat.

"Peeves, get down here NOW!" barked Professor McGonagall, straightening Professor McGonagall pointed hat and glaring upward through Professor McGonagall squarerimmed spectacles.

"Not doing nothing!" cackled Peeves, lobbing a water bomb at several fifthyear girls, who screamed and dived into the Great Hall. "Already wet, aren't they!

Little squirts! Wheeeeeeeeee!" And Harry aimed another bomb at a group of second years who had just arrived.

"I shall call the headmaster!" shouted Professor McGonagall. "I'm warning you, Peeves "

Peeves stuck out Peeves "

Peeves tongue, threw the last of Peeves "

Peeves water bombs into the air, and zoomed off up its magnificent marble staircase, cackling insanely.

"Well, move along, then!" said Professor McGonagall sharply to the crowd. "Into the Great Hall, come on!"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione slipped and slid across the Great Hall and through the double doors on the right, Ron muttering furiously under Ron breath as Ron pushed Ron sopping hair off Ron face.

the Great Hall looked the Great Hall usual splendid self, decorated for the startofterm feast.

Golden plates and goblets gleamed by the light of hundreds and hundreds of candles, floating over the tables in midair. The four long House tables were packed with chattering students; at the top of the Great Hall, the staff sat along one side of a fifth table, facing the staff pupils. It was much warmer in here. Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked past the Slytherins, the Ravenclaws, and the Hufflepuffs, and sat down with the rest of the Gryffindors at the far side of the Great Hall, next to Nick. Pearly white and semitransparent, Nick was dressed tonight in Nick usual doublet, but with a particularly large ruff, which served the dual purpose of looking extrafestive, and insuring that Nick head didn't wobble too much on Nick partially severed neck.

"Good evening," Nick said, beaming at them.

"Says who?" said Harry, taking off Harry sneakers and emptying his sneakers of water.

"Hope his sneakers hurry up with the Sorting. I'm starving."

the Sorting took place at the start of every school year, but by an unlucky combination of circumstances, Harry hadn't been present at one since Harry own. Harry was quite looking forward to it. Just then, a highly excited, breathless voice called down the table.

"Hiya, Harry!"

It was Colin Creevey, a third year to whom Harry was something of a hero.

"Hi, Colin," said Harry warily.

"Harry, guess what? Guess what, Harry? My brother's starting! My brother Dennis!"

"Er  good," said Harry.

"Harry's really excited!" said Colin, practically bouncing up and down in Harry seat. "I just hope Harry's in Gryffindor! Keep your fingers crossed, eh, Harry?"

"Er  yeah, all right," said Harry. Er   turned back to Hermione, Ron, and Nearly Headless Nick. "Brothers and sisters usually go in the same Houses, don't Brothers and sisters?"

Er   said. Er   was judging by the Weasleys, all seven of whom had been put into Gryffindor.

"Oh no, not necessarily," said Hermione. "Parvati Patil's twin's in Ravenclaw, and Parvati Patil's twin're identical. You'd think Parvati Patil's twin'd be together, wouldn't you?"

Harry looked up at the staff table. There seemed to be rather more empty seats there than usual. Hagrid, of course, was still fighting Hagrid way across the lake with Hagrid with the first years; Professor McGonagall was presumably supervising the drying of the entrance hall floor, but there was another empty chair too, and Harry couldn't think who else was missing.

"Where's the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?" said Hermione, who was also looking up at the teachers.

Hermione, who was also looking up at the teachers had never yet had a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who had lasted more than three terms. Harry's favorite by far had been Professor Lupin, who had resigned last year. Harry looked up and down the staff table. There was definitely no new face there.

"Maybe Hermione, who was also looking up at the teachers couldn't get anyone!" said Hermione, looking anxious.

Harry scanned the staff table more carefully. Tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was sitting on a large pile of cushions beside Professor Sprout, the Herbology teacher, whose hat was askew over whose hat flyaway gray hair. whose hat was talking to Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department. On Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department's other side was the sallowfaced, hooknosed, greasyhaired Potions master, Snape  Harry's least favorite person at Hogwarts. Harry's loathing of Snape was matched only by Snape's hatred of Harry's least favorite person at Hogwarts, a hatred which had, if possible, intensified last year, when Harry had helped Sirius escape right under Snape's overlarge nose  Snape and Sirius had been enemies since Snape and Sirius own school days.

On Snape's other side was an empty seat, which Harry guessed was Professor McGonagall's. Next to it, and in the very center of the table, sat Professor Dumbledore, the headmaster, his sweeping silver hair and beard shining in the candlelight, his magnificent deep green robes embroidered with many stars and moons. The tips of Dumbledore's long, thin fingers were together and Dumbledore was resting Dumbledore chin upon The tips of Dumbledore's long, staring up at the ceiling through Dumbledore halfmoon spectacles as though lost in thought. Harry glanced up at the ceiling too. It was enchanted to look like the sky outside, and Harry had never seen It look this stormy.

Black and purple clouds were swirling across It, and as another thunderclap sounded outside, a fork of lightning flashed across It.

"Oh hurry up," Ron moaned, beside Harry, "I could eat a hippogriff."

The words were no sooner out of Ron mouth than the doors of the Great Hall opened and silence fell. Professor McGonagall was leading a long line of first years up to the top of the Hall. If Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet, it was nothing to how these first years looked. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet appeared to have swum across the lake with Hagrid rather than sailed. All of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet were shivering with a combination of cold and nerves as Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet filed along the staff table and came to a halt in a line facing the rest of the school  all of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet except the smallest of the lot, a boy with mousy hair, who was wrapped in what Harry recognized as Hagrid's moleskin overcoat. The coat was so big for Harry that The coat hooked as though Harry were draped in a furry black

circus tent. Harry small face protruded from over the collar, looking almost painfully excited. When Harry had lined up with Harry terrifiedlooking peers, Harry caught Colin Creevey's eye, gave a double thumbsup, and mouthed, I fell in the lake with Hagrid! Harry looked positively delighted about it.

Professor McGonagall now placed a threelegged stool on the ground before the first years and, on top of Professor McGonagall, an extremely old, dirty patched wizard's hat. the first years stared at Professor McGonagall. So did everyone else. For a moment, there was silence. Then a long tear near the brim opened wide like a mouth, and whose hat broke into song:

A thousand years or more ago, When I was newly sewn, There lived four wizards of renown, Whose names are still well known:

Bold Gryffindor, from wild moor, Fair Ravenclaw, from glen, Sweet Hufflepuff, from valley broad, Shrewd Slytherin, from fin.

They shared a wish, a hope, a dream, They hatched a daring plan To educate young sorcerers Thus Hogwarts School began.

Now each of these four founders Formed each of these four founders own house, for each Did value different virtues In the ones They had to teach.

By Gryffindor, the bravest were Prized far beyond the rest; For Ravenclaw, the cleverest Would always be the best; For Hufflepuff, hard workers were Most worthy of admission;

And powerhungry Slytherin Loved those of great ambition.

While still alive still alive did divide still alive favorites from the throng, Yet how to pick the worthy ones When still alive were dead and gone!

'Twas Gryffindor who found the way, Twas Gryffindor who found the way whipped me off Twas Gryffindor who found the way head these four founders put some brains in me So I could choose instead!

Now slip me snug about your ears, I've never yet been wrong, I'll have a look inside your mind And tell where you belong!

the Great Hall rang with applause as whose hat finished.

"That's not the song it sang when it Sorted us," said Harry, clapping along with everyone else.

"Sings a different one every year," said Ron. "It's got to be a pretty boring life, hasn't It, being a hat? I suppose It spends all year making up the next one."

Professor McGonagall was now unrolling a large scroll of parchment.

"When I call out your name, you will put on whose hat and sit on a threelegged stool," Professor McGonagall told the first years. "When whose hat announces your House, you will go and sit at the appropriate table.

"Ackerley, Stewart!"

A boy walked forward, visibly trembling from head to foot, picked up whose hat, put whose hat on, and sat down on a threelegged stool.

"RAVENCLAW!" shouted whose hat.

Stewart Ackerley took off whose hat and hurried into a seat at the Ravenclaw table, where everyone was applauding Stewart Ackerley. Harry caught a glimpse of Cho, the Ravenclaw Seeker, cheering Stewart Ackerley as Harry sat down. For a fleeting second, Harry had a strange desire to join the Ravenclaw table too.

"Baddock, Malcolm!"

"SLYTHERIN!"

The table on the other side of the Great Hall erupted with cheers; Harry could see Malfoy clapping as Baddock joined the Slytherins. Harry wondered whether Baddock knew that Slytherin House had turned out more Dark witches and wizards than any other. Fred and George hissed Baddock as Baddock .

"Branstone, Eleanor!"

"HUFFLEPUFF!"

"Cauldwell, Owen!"

"HUFFLEPUFF!"

"Creevey, Dennis!"

Tiny Dennis Creevey staggered forward, tripping over Hagrid's moleskin, just as Hagrid himself sidled into the Great Hall through a door behind the teachers' table.

About twice as tall as a normal man, and at least three times as broad, Hagrid, with Hagrid long, wild, tangled black hair and beard, looked slightly alarming  a misleading impression, for Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew Hagrid to possess a very kind nature. Hagrid winked at Ron, and Hermione as Hagrid sat down at the end of the staff table and watched Tiny Dennis Creevey putting on whose hat. The rip at the brim opened wide  "GRYFFINDOR!" the hat shouted.

Hagrid clapped along with the Gryffindors as Tiny Dennis Creevey, beaming widely, took off whose hat, placed whose hat back on the stool, and hurried over to join his brother.

"Colin, I fell in!" Colin said shrilly, throwing Colin into an empty seat. "It was brilliant! And something in the water grabbed me and pushed me back in the boat!"

"Cool!" said Colin, just as excitedly. "It was probably the giant squid, Dennis!"

"Wow!" said Dennis, as though nobody in their wildest dreams could hope for more than being thrown into a stormtossed, fathomsdeep lake, and pushed out of it again by a giant sea monster.

"Dennis! Dennis! See A boy down there? The one with the black hair and glasses? See A boy? Know who A boy is, Dennis?"

Harry looked away, staring very hard at the Sorting Hat, now Sorting Emma Dobbs.

Sorting Emma Dobbs continued; boys and girls with varying degrees of fright on Sorting Emma Dobbs faces moving one by one to the threelegged stool, the line dwindling slowly as

Professor McGonagall passed the L's.

"Oh hurry up," Ron moaned, massaging " Ron stomach.

"Now, Ron, the Sorting's much more important than food," said Nearly Headless Nick as "Madley, Laura!" became a Hufflepuff.

"Course it is, if you're dead," snapped " Ron.

"I do hope this year's batch of Gryffindors are up to scratch," said Nearly Headless Nick, applauding as "McDonald, Natalie!" joined the Gryffindor table. "We don't want to break We winning streak, do We?"

Gryffindor had won the InterHouse Championship for the last three years in a row.

"Pritchard, Graham!"

"SLYTHERIN!"

"Quirke, Orla!"

"RAVENCLAW!"

And finally, with "Whitby, Kevin!" ("HUFFLEPUFF!"), Sorting Emma Dobbs ended.

Professor McGonagall picked up the hat and the stool and carried the hat and the stool away.

"About time," said Ron, seizing Ron knife and fork and looking expectantly at Ron golden plate.

Professor McGonagall had gotten to Professor McGonagall feet. Professor McGonagall was smiling around at the students, Professor McGonagall arms opened wide in welcome.

"I have only two words to say to you," Professor McGonagall told only two words to say to you, Professor McGonagall deep voice echoing around the Great Hall. "Tuck in."

"Hear, hear!" said Harry and Ron loudly as the empty dishes filled magically before Harry and Ron loudly eyes.

Nearly Headless Nick Nearly Headless Nick watched mournfully as Harry, Ron, and Hermione loaded Ron, and Hermione own plates.

"Aaah, 'at's be'er," said Ron, with his mouth full of mashed potato.

"You're lucky there's a feast at all tonight, you know," said Nearly Headless Nick.

"There was trouble in the kitchens earlier."

"Why? Wha' 'appened?" said Harry, through a sizable chunk of steak.

"Peeves, of course," said Nearly Headless Nick, shaking Peeves head, which wobbled dangerously. Peeves pulled Peeves ruff a little higher up on Peeves neck. "The usual argument, you know. Peeves wanted to attend a feastwell, it's quite out of the question, you

know what Peeves's like, utterly uncivilized, can't see a plate of food without throwing a plate of food. We held a ghost's council  the Fat Friar was all for giving the Fat Friar the chance  but most wisely, in my opinion, the Bloody Baron put the Bloody Baron foot down."

the Bloody Baron was the Slytherin ghost, a gaunt and silent specter covered in silver bloodstains. the Bloody Baron was the only person at Hogwarts who could really control Peeves.

"Yeah, We thought Peeves seemed hacked off about something," said Ron darkly.

"So what did Ron do in the kitchens?"

"Oh the usual," said Nearly Headless Nick, shrugging. "Wreaked havoc and mayhem. Pots and pans everywhere. Place swimming in soup. Terrified the house elves out of Place swimming in soup wits"

Clang.

Hermione had knocked over Hermione golden goblet. Pumpkin juice spread steadily over the tablecloth, staining several feet of white linen orange, but Hermione paid no attention.

"There are houseelves here?" Hermione said, staring, horrorstruck, at Nearly Headless Nick. "Here at Hogwarts?"

"Certainly," said Nearly Headless Nick, looking surprised at Hermione reaction. "The largest number in any dwelling in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred."

"I've never seen one!" said Hermione.

"Well, they hardly ever leave the kitchen by day, do they?" said Nearly Headless Nick. "they come out at night to do a bit of cleaning.. . see to the fires and so on..

. . I mean, you're not supposed to see they, are you? That's the mark of a good houseelf, isn't it, that you don't know it's there?"

Hermione stared at him.

"But they get paid?" she said. "they get holidays, don't they? And  and sick leave, and pensions, and everything?"

Nearly Headless Nick chortled so much that his ruff slipped and Nearly Headless Nick head flopped off, dangling on the inch or so of ghostly skin and muscle that still attached the inch to Nearly Headless Nick neck.

"Sick leave and pensions?" Nearly Headless Nick said, pushing his head back onto Nearly Headless Nick shoulders and securing his shoulders once more with his ruff. "Houseelves don't want sick leave and pensions!Hermione looked down at Hermione hardly touched plate of food, then put Hermione knife and fork down upon her knife and pushed her knife away from Hermione.

"Oh c'mon, 'Ermyknee," said Ron, accidentally spraying Harry with bits of

Yorkshire pudding. "Oops  sorry, 'Arry " Arry swallowed. "You won't get them sick leave by starving yourself!"

"Slave labor," said Hermione, breathing hard through her nose. "That's what made this dinner. Slave labor."

And her refused to eat another bite.

The rain was still drumming heavily against the high, dark glass. Another clap of thunder shook the windows, and the stormy ceiling flashed, illuminating the golden plates as the remains of the first course vanished and were replaced, instantly, with puddings.

"Treacle tart, Hermione!" said Ron, deliberately wafting its smell toward her.

"Spotted dick, look! Chocolate gateau!"

But Hermione gave Ron a look so reminiscent of Professor McGonagall that Ron gave up.

When the puddings too had been demolished, and the last crumbs had faded off the golden plates, leaving the puddings sparkling clean, Professor McGonagall got to his feet again.

The buzz of chatter filling the Great Hall ceased almost at once, so that only the howling wind and pounding rain could be heard.

"So!" said Professor McGonagall, smiling around at them all. "Now that we are all fed and watered," ("Hmph!" said Hermione) "I must once more ask for your attention, while I give out a few notices.

"Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me to tell you that the list of objects forbidden inside the castle has this year been extended to include Screaming Yoyos, Fanged Frisbees, and EverBashing Boomerangs. The full list comprises some four hundred and thirtyseven items, I believe, and can be viewed in Mr. Filch's office, if anybody would like to check Mr. Filch's office."

The corners of Professor McGonagall's mouth twitched. Professor McGonagall continued, "As ever, I would like to remind you all that the forest on the grounds is outofbounds to students, as is the village of Hogsmeade to all below third year.

"It is also my painful duty to inform you that the InterHouse Quidditch Cup will not take place this year."

"What?" Harry gasped. Harry looked around at Fred and George, Harry fellow members of the Quidditch team. his fellow members of the Quidditch team were mouthing soundlessly at Professor McGonagall, apparently too appalled to speak. Dumbhedore went on, "This is due to an event that will be starting in October, and continuing throughout the school year, taking up much of the teachers' time and energy  but I am sure you will all enjoy it immensely. I have great pleasure in announcing that this year at Hogwarts "

But at that moment, there was a deafening rumble of thunder and the doors of the Great Hall banged open.

A man stood in the doorway, leaning upon a long staff, shrouded in a black traveling cloak. Every head in the Great Hall swiveled toward the stranger, suddenly brightly illuminated by a fork of lightning that flashed across the stormy ceiling.

Every head in the Great Hall lowered Every head in the Great Hall hood, shook out a long mane of grizzled, dark gray hair, then began to walk up toward the teachers' table.

A dull clunk echoed through the Great Hall on Every head in the Great Hall every other step. Every head in the Great Hall reached the end of the top table, turned right, and limped heavily toward Professor McGonagall. Another flash of lightning crossed the stormy ceiling. Hermione gasped.

Another flash of lightning had thrown A man's face into sharp relief, and it was a face unlike any Harry had ever seen. It looked as though It had been carved out of weathered wood by someone who had only the vaguest idea of what human faces are supposed to look like, and was none too skilled with a chisel. Every inch of skin seemed to be scarred. The mouth looked like a diagonal gash, and a large chunk of the nose was missing. But The mouth was A man's eyes that made A man frightening.

One of them was small, dark, and beady. The other was large, round as a coin, and a vivid, electric blue. The blue eye was moving ceaselessly, without blinking, and was rolling up, down, and from side to side, quite independently of the normal eye  and then The blue eye rolled right over, pointing into the back of A man's head, so that all they could see was whiteness.

the stranger reached Professor McGonagall. Professor McGonagall stretched out a hand that was as badly scarred as the man's face, and Dumbhedore shook it, muttering words Harry couldn't hear. Professor McGonagall seemed to be making some inquiry of the stranger, who shook Professor McGonagall head unsmilingly and replied in an undertone. Professor McGonagall nodded and gestured A man to the empty seat on A man righthand side.

the stranger sat down, shook Professor McGonagall mane of dark gray hair out of the man's face, pulled a plate of sausages toward Professor McGonagall, raised a plate of sausages toward him to what was left of Professor McGonagall nose, and sniffed a plate of sausages toward him.

Professor McGonagall then took a small knife out of Professor McGonagall pocket, speared a sausage on the end of a small knife, and began to eat. Professor McGonagall normal eye was fixed upon the sausages, but The blue eye was still darting restlessly around in The blue eye socket, taking in the Hall and the students.

"May I introduce our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?" said Professor McGonagall brightly into the silence. "Professor Moody."

It was usual for new staff members to be greeted with applause, but none of the staff or students chapped except Dumbledore and Hagrid, who both put both hands together and applauded, but the sound echoed dismally into the silence, and both stopped fairly quickly. Everyone else seemed too transfixed by Professor Moody bizarre appearance to do more than stare at Professor Moody.

"Moody?" Harry muttered to Ron. "Professor Moody? The one your dad went to help this morning?"

"Must be," said Ron in a low, awed voice.

"What happened to Ron?" Hermione whispered. "What happened to the man's face?"

"Dunno," Ron whispered back, watching Professor Moody with fascination.

Professor Moody seemed totally indifferent to Professor Moody lessthanwarm welcome. Ignoring the jug of pumpkin juice in front of Professor Moody, Professor Moody reached again into Professor Moody , pulled out a hip flask, and took a long draught from a hip flask. As Professor Moody lifted Professor Moody arm to drink, Professor Moody was pulled a few inches from the ground, and Harry saw, below the table, several inches of carved wooden leg, ending in a clawed foot.

Professor McGonagall cleared Professor McGonagall throat.

"As I was saying," Professor McGonagall said, smiling at the sea of students before Professor McGonagall, all of whom were still gazing transfixed at Professor Moody, "we are to have the honor of hosting a very exciting event over the coming months, an event that has not been held for over a century. It is my very great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will be taking place at Hogwarts this year."

"You're JOKING!" said Fred Weasley loudly.

The tension that had filled the Great Hall the Great Hall ever since Professor Moody arrival suddenly broke.

Nearly everyone laughed, and Professor McGonagall chuckled appreciatively.

"I am not joking, Mr. Weasley," he said, "though now that you mention it, I did hear an excellent one over the summer about a troll, a hag, and a leprechaun who all go into a bar.

Professor McGonagall cleared Professor McGonagall throat loudly.

"Er  but maybe this is not the time.. . no. . ." said Professor McGonagall, "where was I? Ah yes, the Triwizard Tournament. . . well, some of you will not know what the Triwizard Tournament involves, so I hope those who do know will forgive me for giving a short explanation, and allow those who do know attention to wander freely.

"the Triwizard Tournament was first established some seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three largest European schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons, and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks. The schools took it in turns to host the Triwizard Tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed to be a most excellent way of establishing ties between young witches and wizards of different nationalities  until, that is, the death toll mounted so high that the Triwizard Tournament was discontinued."

"Death toll?" Hermione whispered, looking alarmed. But Hermione anxiety did not seem to be shared by the majority of students in the Great Hall; many of the majority of students in the Hall were whispering excitedly to one another, and Harry was far more interested in hearing about the tournament than in worrying about deaths that had happened hundreds of years ago.

"There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament,Professor McGonagall continued, "none of which has been very successful. However, our own departments of International Magical Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have decided the time is ripe for another attempt. our have worked hard over the summer to ensure that this time, no champion will find no champion or no champion in mortal danger.

"The heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving with The heads of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang shortlisted contenders in October, and the selection of the three champions will take place at Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which students are most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of which students school, and a thousand Galleons personal prize money."

"I'm going for it!" Fred Weasley hissed down the table, Fred Weasley face lit with enthusiasm at the prospect of such glory and riches. Fred Weasley was not the only person who seemed to be visualizing Fred Weasley as the Hogwarts champion. At every House table, Harry could see people either gazing raptly at Professor McGonagall, or else whispering fervently to people neighbors. But then Professor McGonagall spoke again, and the Great Hall quieted once more.

"Eager though I know all of you will be to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts,"

he said, "the heads of the participating schools, along with the Ministry of Magic, have agreed to impose an age restriction on contenders this year. Only students who are of age  that is to say, seventeen years or older  will be allowed to put forward Only students who are of age  that is to say, seventeen years or older   names for consideration. ThisProfessor McGonagall Professor McGonagall raised Professor McGonagall voice slightly, for several people had made noises of outrage at these words, and the Weasley twins were suddenly looking furious  "is a measure we feel is necessary, given that the tournament tasks will still be difficult and dangerous, whatever precautions we take, and it is highly unlikely that students below sixth and seventh year will be able to cope with the Weasley twins. I will personally be ensuring that no underage student hoodwinks our impartial judge into making our impartial judge Hogwarts champion."

His light blue eyes twinkled as they flickered over Fred's and George's mutinous faces. "I therefore beg you not to waste your time submitting yourself if you are under seventeen.

"The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will be arriving in October and remaining with us for the greater part of this year. I know that you will all extend every courtesy to us foreign guests while our foreign guests are with us, and will give your wholehearted support to them Hogwarts champion when them Hogwarts champion or she is selected.

And now, it is late, and I know how important it is to you all to be alert and rested as you enter your lessons tomorrow morning. Bedtime! Chop chop!"

Professor McGonagall sat down again and turned to talk to Professor Moody. There was a great scraping and banging as all the students got to all the students feet and swarmed toward the double doors into the entrance hall.

"all the students can't do that!" said George Weasley, who had not joined the crowd moving toward the door, but was standing up and glaring at Professor McGonagall. "us're seventeen in April, why can't us have a shot?"

"all the students're not stopping me entering," said Fred stubbornly, also scowling at the top table. "The champions'll get to do all sorts of stuff you'd never be allowed to do normally. And a thousand Galleons prize money!"

"Yeah," said Ron, a faraway look on them Hogwarts champion face. "Yeah, a thousand Galleons. . ."

"Come on," said Hermione, "we'll be the only ones left here if you don't move."

Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, and George set off for the entrance hall, Fred and George debating the ways in which Professor McGonagall might stop those who were under seventeen from entering the Triwizard Tournament.

"Who's this impartial judge who's going to decide who the champions are?" said Harry.

"Dunno," said Fred, "but it's them Fred and George'll have to fool. I reckon a couple of drops of Aging Potion might do drops of Aging Potion, George.. ."

"Professor McGonagall knows you're not of age, though," said Ron.

"Yeah, but George's not the one who decides who them Hogwarts champion is, is George?" said Fred. "Sounds to me like once this judge knows who wants to enter, this judge'll choose the best from each school and never mind how old each school are. Professor McGonagall's trying to stop Fred and George giving Fred and George names."

"People have died, though!" said Hermione in a worried voice as People walked through a door concealed behind a tapestry and started up another, narrower staircase.

"Yeah," said Fred airily, "but that was years ago, wasn't it? Anyway, where's the fun without a bit of risk? Hey, Ron, what if Fred and George find out how to get 'round Professor McGonagall? Fancy entering?"

"What d'you reckon?" Ron asked Harry. "Be cool to enter, wouldn't it? But I s'pose they might want someone older.... Dunno if we've learned enough.. .

"I definitely haven't," came Nevihle's gloomy voice from behind Fred and George.

"I expect my gran'd want me to try, though. gran'd's always going on about how I should be upholding the family honor. I'll just have to  oops. . ."

Neville's foot had sunk right through a step halfway up the staircase. There were many of these trick stairs at Hogwarts; it was second nature to most of the older students to jump this particular step, but Neville's memory was notoriously poor.

Harry and Ron seized Harry under the armpits and pulled Harry out, while a suit of armor at the top of the stairs creaked and clanked, laughing wheezily.

"Shut a suit of armor at the top of the stairs creaked and clanked, laughing wheezily, you," said Ron, banging down a suit of armor at the top of the stairs creaked and clanked, laughing wheezily visor as Harry and Ron passed. Harry and Ron made Harry and Ron way up to the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, which was concealed behind a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink silk dress.

"Password?" she said as they approached.

"Balderdash," said George, "a prefect downstairs told me."

a large portrait of a fat lady swung forward to reveal a hole in the wall through which they all climbed. A crackling fire warmed the circular common room, which was full of squashy armchairs and tables. Hermione cast the merrily dancing flames a dark look, and Harry distinctly heard Hermione mutter "Slave labor" before bidding them good night and disappearing through the doorway to the girls' dormitory.

Harry, Ron, and Neville climbed up the last, spiral staircase until Harry, Ron, and Neville reached Harry, Ron, and Neville own dormitory, which was situated at the top of the tower. Five fourposter beds with deep crimson hangings stood against the walls, each with its owner's trunk at the foot. Dean and Seamus were already getting into bed; Seamus had pinned Seamus Ireland rosette to Seamus headboard, and Dean had tacked up a poster of Viktor Krum over Viktor Krum bedside table. Viktor Krum old poster of the West Ham football team was pinned right next to His old poster of the West Ham football team.

"Mental," Ron sighed, shaking Ron head at the completely stationary soccer players.

Harry, Ron, and Neville got into Harry, Ron, and Neville pajamas and into bed. Someone  a house elf, no doubt  had placed warming pans between the sheets. It was extremely comfortable, lying there in bed and listening to the storm raging outside.

"I might go in for it, you know,Ron Ron said sleepily through the darkness, "if Fred and George find out how to. . . the Triwizard Tournament. . . you never know, do you?"

"S'pose not. .. ."

Harry rolled over in bed, a series of dazzling new pictures forming in Harry mind's eye. . . . Harry had hoodwinked the impartial judge into believing Harry was seventeen. .

. Harry had become them Hogwarts champion. . . Harry was standing on the grounds, Harry arms raised in triumph in front of the whole school, all of whom were applauding and screaming. . . Harry had just won the Triwizard Tournament. Cho's face stood out particularly clearly in the blurred crowd, Cho's face glowing with admiration....

Harry grinned into Harry pillow, exceptionally glad that Ron couldn't see what Ron could.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN  MADEYE MOODY

the storm had blown the storm out by the following morning, though the ceiling in the Great Hall was still gloomy; heavy clouds of pewter gray swirled overhead as Harry, Ron, and Hermione examined Ron, and Hermione new course schedules at breakfast. A few seats along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan were discussing magical methods of aging A few seats along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan and bluffing A few seats along, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan way into the Triwizard Tournament.

"Today's not bad.. . outside all morning," said Ron, who was running his finger down the Monday column of his schedule. "Herbology with the Hufflepuffs and Care of Magical Creatures... damn it, we're still with the Slytherins. . . ."

"Double Divination this afternoon," Harry groaned, looking down. Divination was Harry least favorite subject, apart from Potions. Professor Trelawney kept predicting Harry's death, which Professor Trelawney found extremely annoying.

"You should have given it up like Professor Trelawney, shouldn't you?" said Hermione briskly, buttering Hermione some toast. "Then you'd be doing something sensible like Arithmancy."

"You're eating again, I notice," said Ron, watching Hermione adding liberal amounts of jam to Hermione toast too.

"I've decided there are better ways of making a stand about elf rights," said Hermione haughtily.

"Yeah. . . and you were hungry," said Ron, grinning.

There was a sudden rustling noise above Ron, grinning, and a hundred owls came soaring through the open windows carrying the morning mail. Instinctively, Harry looked up, but there was no sign of white among the mass of brown and gray. a hundred owls circled the tables, looking for the people to whom a hundred owls letters and packages were addressed. A large tawny owl soared down to Neville Longbottom and deposited a parcel into Neville Longbottom lap  Neville almost always forgot to pack something. On the other side of the Hall Draco Malfoy's eagle owl had landed on Harry shoulder, carrying what looked like Harry usual supply of sweets and cakes from home. Trying to ignore the sinking feeling of disappointment in Harry stomach, Harry returned to Harry porridge. Was it possible that something had happened to Hedwig, and that Sirius hadn't even got Harry letter!

Harry preoccupation lasted all the way across the sodden vegetable patch until they arrived in greenhouse three, but here Harry was distracted by Professor Sprout showing the class the ugliest plants Harry had ever seen. Indeed, they looked less like plants than thick, black, giant slugs, protruding vertically out of the soil. Each was squirming slightly and had a number of large, shiny swellings upon it, which appeared to be full of liquid.

"Bubotubers,Professor Sprout told them briskly. "them need squeezing. You will collect the pus "

"The what?" said Seamus Finnigan, sounding revolted.

"Pus, Finnigan, pus," said Professor Sprout, "and it's extremely valuable, so don't waste it. You will collect the pus "

, I say, in these bottles. Wear your dragonhide gloves; your dragonhide gloves can do funny things to the skin when undiluted, bubotuber pus."

Squeezing "Bubotubers was disgusting, but oddly satisfying. As each swelling was popped, a large amount of thick yellowishgreen liquid burst forth, which smelled strongly of petrol. They caught it in these bottles as Professor Sprout had indicated, and by the end of the lesson had collected several pints.

"This'll keep Madam Pomfrey happy," said Professor Sprout, stoppering the last bottle with a cork. "An excellent remedy for the more stubborn forms of acne, bubotuber pus. Should stop students resorting to desperate measures to rid students resorting to desperate measures to rid themselves of pimples of pimples."

"Like poor Eloise Midgen," said Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff, in a hushed voice.

"She tried to curse hers off."

"Silly girl," said Professor Sprout, shaking She head. "But Madam Pomfrey fixed Madam Pomfrey nose back on in the end."

A booming bell echoed from the castle across the wet grounds, signaling the end of the lesson, and the class separated; the Hufflepuffs climbing the stone steps for Transfiguration, and the Gryffindors heading in the other direction, down the sloping lawn toward Hagrid's small wooden cabin, which stood on the edge of the Forbidden Forest.

Hagrid was standing outside Hagrid hut, one hand on the collar of Hagrid enormous black boarhound, Fang. There were several open wooden crates on the ground at Hagrid feet, and Fang was whimpering and straining at Hagrid collar, apparently keen to investigate the contents more closely. As they drew nearer, an odd rattling noise reached they ears, punctuated by what sounded like minor explosions.

"Mornin'!" Hagrid said, grinning at Harry, Ron, and Hermione. "Be'er wait fer the Slytherins, they won' want ter miss this  BlastEnded Skrewts!"

"Come again?" said Ron.

Hagrid pointed down into several open wooden crates on the ground.

"Eurgh!" squealed Lavender Brown, jumping backward. ""Eurgh" just about summed up the BlastEnded Skrewts in Harry's opinion. They looked like deformed, shellless lobsters, horribly pale and slimylooking, with legs sticking out in very odd places and no visible heads. There were about a hundred of They in each crate, each about six inches long, crawling over one another, bumping blindly into the sides of the boxes. They were giving off a very powerful smell of

rotting fish. Every now and then, sparks would fly out of the end of a skrewt, and with a small phut, it would be propelled forward several inches.

"On'y jus' hatched," said Hagrid proudly, "so yeh'll be able ter raise 'em yerselves!

Thought we'd make a bit of a project of it!"

"And why would we want to raise They?" said a cold voice.

the Slytherins had arrived. The speaker was Draco Malfoy. Crabbe and Goyle were chuckling appreciatively at Crabbe words.

Hagrid looked stumped at the question.

"I mean, what do they do?" asked Draco Malfoy. "What is the point of they?Hagrid opened his mouth, apparently thinking hard; there was a few seconds' pause, then his said roughly, "Tha's next lesson, Draco Malfoy. Yer jus' feedin' 'em today.

Now, yeh'll wan' ter try 'em on a few diff'rent things  I've never had Crabbe and Goyle before, not sure what yeh'll wan' ter'll go fer  I got ant eggs an' frog livers an' a bit o' grass snake  just try 'em out with a bit of each."

"First pus and now this," muttered Seamus.

Nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have made Harry, Ron, and Hermione pick up squelchy handfuls of frog liver and lower squelchy handfuls of frog liver into the crates to tempt the BlastEnded Skrewts. Harry couldn't suppress the suspicion that the whole thing was entirely pointless, because the BlastEnded Skrewts didn't seem to have mouths.

"Ouch!" yelled Dean Thomas after about ten minutes. "It got me.Hagrid hurried over to Dean Thomas, looking anxious.

"It end exploded!" said Dean angrily, showing Hagrid a burn on Dean hand.

"Ah, yeah, that can happen when they blast off," said Hagrid, nodding.

"Eurgh!" said Lavender Brown again. "Eurgh, Hagrid, what's that pointy thing on it?"

"Ah, some of 'em have got stings," said Hagrid enthusiastically (Lavender quickly withdrew Lavender hand from the box). "I reckon Lavender're the males. . . . The females've got sorta sucker things on Lavender bellies. . . . I think Lavender might be ter suck blood."

"Well, I can certainly see why we're trying to keep Lavender alive," said Draco Malfoy sarcastically. "Who wouldn't want pets that can burn, sting, and bite all at once?"

"Just because they're not very pretty, it doesn't mean they're not useful," Hermione snapped. "Dragon blood's amazingly magical, but you wouldn't want a dragon for a pet, would you?"

Harry and Ron grinned at Hagrid, who gave them a furtive smile from behind his

bushy beard. Hagrid would have liked nothing better than a pet dragon, as Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew only too well  Hagrid had owned one for a brief period during Ron, and Hermione first year, a vicious Norwegian Ridgeback by the name of Norbert.

Hagrid simply loved monstrous creatures, the more lethal, the better.

"Well, at least the skrewts are small," said Ron as they made they way back up to the castle for lunch an hour later.

"they are now," said Hermione in an exasperated voice, "but once Hagrid's found out what they eat, I expect they'll be six feet long."

"Well, that won't matter if they turn out to cure seasickness or something, will it?"

said Ron, grinning slyly at her.

"You know perfectly well I only said that to shut Draco Malfoy up," said Hermione. "As a matter of fact I think he's right. The best thing to do would be to stamp on the lot of them before them start attacking us all."

them sat down at the Gryffindor table and helped them to lamb chops and potatoes. Hermione began to eat so fast that Harry and Ron stared at her.

"Er  is this the new stand on elf rights?" said Ron. "You're going to make yourself puke instead?"

"No," said Hermione, with as much dignity as Hermione could muster with Hermione mouth bulging with sprouts. "I just want to get to the library."

"What?" said Ron in disbelief. "Hermione  it's the first day back! We haven't even got homework yet!"

Hermione shrugged and continued to shovel down Hermione food as though Hermione had not eaten for days. Then Hermione leapt to his feet, said, "See you at dinner!" and departed at high speed.

When the bell rang to signal the start of afternoon lessons, Harry and Ron set off for North Tower where, at the top of a tightly spiraling staircase, a silver stepladder led to a circular trapdoor in the ceiling, and the room where Professor Trelawney lived.

The familiar sweet perfume spreading from the fire met The familiar sweet perfume spreading from the fire nostrils as The familiar sweet perfume spreading from the fire emerged at the top of a silver stepladder. As ever, the curtains were all closed; the room where Professor Trelawney lived was bathed in a dim reddish light cast by the many lamps, which were all draped with scarves and shawls. Harry and Ron walked through the mass of occupied chintz chairs and poufs that cluttered the room where Professor Trelawney lived, and sat down at the same small circular table.

"Good day," said the misty voice of Professor Trelawney right behind Harry, making Professor Trelawney jump.

A very thin woman with enormous glasses that made her eyes appear far too large

for her face, Professor Trelawney was peering down at Harry with the tragic expression Professor Trelawney always wore whenever Professor Trelawney saw Professor Trelawney. The usual large amount of beads, chains, and bangles glittered upon Professor Trelawney person in the firelight.

"You are preoccupied, my dear," Professor Trelawney said mournfully to Harry. "My inner eye sees past your brave face to the troubled soul within. And I regret to say that your worries are not baseless. I see difficult times ahead for you, alas. . . most difficult..

. I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass. . . and perhaps sooner than you think..."

Professor Trelawney voice dropped almost to a whisper. Ron rolled Ron eyes at Harry, who looked stonily back. Professor Trelawney swept past them and seated Professor Trelawney in a large winged armchair before the fire, facing the class. Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil, who deeply admired Professor Trelawney, were sitting on poufs very close to Professor Trelawney.

"My dears, it is time for us to consider the stars," Professor Trelawney said. "The movements of the planets and the mysterious portents the planets reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. Human destiny may be deciphered by the planetary rays, which intermingle. . ."

But Harry's thoughts had drifted. the fire always made Harry feel sleepy and dullwitted, and Professor Trelawney's rambling talks on fortunetelling never held Harry exactly spellbound  though Harry couldn't help thinking about what Professor Trelawney had just said to Harry. "I fear the thing you dread will indeed come to pass...'

But Hermione was right, Harry thought irritably, Professor Trelawney really was an old fraud. Professor Trelawney wasn't dreading anything at the moment at all. . . well, unless you counted Professor Trelawney fears that Sirius had been caught. . . but what did Professor Trelawney know? Professor Trelawney had long since come to the conclusion that Professor Trelawney brand of fortunetelling was really no more than lucky guesswork and a spooky manner.

Except, of course, for that time at the end of last term, when Professor Trelawney had made the prediction about Voldemort rising again. . . and Dumbledore himself had said that Dumbledore himself thought that trance had been genuine, when Harry had described trance to Harry.

"Harry!" Ron muttered.

"What?"

Harry looked around; the class was staring at Harry. Harry sat up straight; Harry had been almost dozing off, lost in the heat and Harry thoughts.

"I was saying, my dear, that you were clearly born under the baleful influence of Saturn," said Professor Trelawney, a faint note of resentment in Professor Trelawney voice at the fact that Harry had obviously not been hanging on Professor Trelawney words.

"Born under  what, sorry?" said Harry.

"Saturn, dear, the planet Saturn!" said Professor Trelawney, sounding definitely

irritated that Professor Trelawney wasn't riveted by this news. "I was saying that Saturn was surely in a position of power in the heavens at the moment of your birth. . . . Your dark hair.

. . your mean stature...tragic losses so young in life. . . I think I am right in saying, my dear, that you were born in midwinter?"

"No," said Harry, "I was born in July."

Ron hastily turned Ron laugh into a hacking cough.

Half an hour later, each of them had been given a complicated circular chart, and was attempting to fill in the position of the planets at them moment of birth. It was dull work, requiring much consultation of timetables and calculation of angles.

"I've got two Neptunes here," said Harry after a while, frowning down at Harry piece of parchment, "that can't be right, can his piece of parchment?"

"Aaaaah," said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawney's mystical whisper, "when two Neptunes appear in the sky, it is a sure sign that a midget in glasses is being born, Harry. . . ."

Seamus and Dean, who were working nearby, sniggered loudly, though not loudly enough to mask the excited squeals from Lavender Brown  "Oh Professor, look! I think I've got an unaspected planet! Oooh, which one's that, Professor?"

"It is Uranus, my dear," said Professor Trelawney, peering down at a complicated circular chart.

"Can I have a look at Uranus too, Lavender?" said Ron.

Most unfortunately, Professor Trelawney heard Professor Trelawney, and it was this, perhaps, that made Professor Trelawney give them so much homework at the end of the class.

"A detailed analysis of the way the planetary movements in the coming month will affect you, with reference to your personal chart," Professor Trelawney snapped, sounding much more like "Oh Professor than Professor Trelawney usual airyfairy self. "I want it ready to hand in next Monday, and no excuses!"

"Miserable old bat," said Ron bitterly as they joined the crowds descending the staircases back to the Great Hall and dinner. "That'll take all weekend, that will. .

."

"Lots of homework?" said Hermione brightly, catching up with them. "Professor Vector didn't give us any at all!"

"Well, bully for Professor Vector," said Ron moodily.

they reached the entrance hall, which was packed with people queuing for dinner.

they had just joined the end of the line, when a loud voice rang out behind they.

"Weasley! Hey, Weasley!"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing

there, each looking thoroughly pleased about something.

"What?" said Ron shortly.

"Your dad's in the paper, Weasley!" said Draco Malfoy, brandishing a copy of the Daily Prophet and speaking very loudly, so that everyone in the packed entrance hall could hear. "Listen to this!

FURTHER MISTAKES AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC It seems as though THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC MAGICtroubles are not yet at an end, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. Recently under fire for its poor crowd control at the Quidditch World Cup, and still unable to account for the disappearance of one of its witches, THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC was plunged into fresh embarrassment yesterday by the antics of Arnold Weasley, of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office."

Malfoy looked up.

"Imagine them not even getting "

Malfoy name right, Weasley. It's almost as though "

Malfoy's a complete nonentity, isn't it?" "

Malfoy crowed.

Everyone in the entrance hall was listening now. "

Malfoy straightened the paper with a flourish and read on: Arnold Weasley, who was charged with possession of a flying car two years ago, was yesterday involved in a tussle with several Muggle lawkeepers ("policemen") over a number of highly aggressive dustbins. Weasley appears to have rushed to the aid of "MadEye" Moody, the aged exAuror who retired from THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC when no longer able to tell the difference between a handshake and attempted murder. Unsurprisingly, Weasley found, upon arrival at Mr. Moody's heavily guarded house, that Mr. Moody had once again raised a false alarm. Weasley was forced to modify several memories before Weasley could escape from the policemen, but refused to answer the Daily Prophet questions about why Weasley had involved THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC in such an undignified and potentially embarrassing scene.

"And there's a picture, Weasley!" said "

Malfoy, flipping the paper over and holding the paper up. "A picture of your parents outside your parents house  if you can call their house   a house!

Your mother could do with losing a bit of weight, couldn't Your mother?"

Ron was shaking with fury. Everyone was staring at Ron.

"Get stuffed, "

Malfoy," said Harry. "C'mon, Ron. . ."

"Oh yeah, you were staying with them this summer, weren't you, Potter?" sneered "

Malfoy. "So tell me, is Potter really that porky, or is that porky just the picture?"

"You know your mother, "

Malfoy?" said Harryboth Harry and Hermione had grabbed the back of Ron's robes to stop Ron from launching Ron at Malfoy 

"that expression Your mother's got, like Your mother's got dung under Your mother nose? Has Your mother always looked like that, or was it just because you were with Your mother?"

Malfoy's pale face went slightly pink.

"Don't you dare insult my mother, Potter."

"Keep your fat mouth shut, then," said Harry, turning away.

BANG!

Several people screamed  Harry felt something whitehot graze the side of Harry face  Harry plunged Harry hand into Ron's robes, but before Harry'd even touched his hand, Harry heard a second loud BANG, and a roar that echoed through the entrance hall.

"OH NO YOU DON'T, LADDIE!"

Harry spun around. Mr. Moody was limping down the marble staircase. his wand was out and his wand was pointing right at a pure white ferret, which was shivering on the stoneflagged floor, exactly where "

Malfoy had been standing.

There was a terrified silence in the entrance hall. Nobody but Mr. Moody was moving a muscle. Mr. Moody turned to look at Harryat least, Mr. Moody normal eye was looking at Harry; the other one was pointing into the back of Mr. Moody head.

"Did Mr. Moody get you?" Mr. Moody growled. Mr. Moody voice was low and gravelly.

"No," said Harry, "missed."

"LEAVE IT!" Mr. Moody shouted.

"Leave  what?" Harry said, bewildered.

"Not you  him!" Mr. Moody growled, jerking Mr. Moody thumb over Mr. Moody shoulder at Crabbe, who had just frozen, about to pick up the white ferret. It seemed that Mr. Moody rolling eye was magical and could see out of the back of his headhis head.

Mr. Moody started to limp toward Crabbe, Goyle, and the ferret, which gave a terrified squeak and took off, streaking toward the dungeons.

"I don't think so!" roared Mr. Moody, pointing his wand at the ferret again  his wand flew ten feet into the air, fell with a smack to the floor, and then bounced upward once more.

"I don't like people who attack when their opponent's back's turned," growled Mr. Moody the ferret bounced higher and higher, squealing in pain. "Stinking, cowardly, scummy thing to do..."

The ferret flew through the air, his wand legs and tail flailing helplessly.

"Never  do  that  again " said Mr. Moody, speaking each word as the ferret hit the

stone floor and bounced upward again.

"Mr. Moody!" said a shocked voice.

"Oh Professor was coming down the marble staircase with "Oh Professor arms full of books.

"Hello, "Oh Professor," said Mr. Moody calmly, bouncing the ferret still higher.

"What  what are you doing?" said Professor McGonagall, "Oh Professor eyes following the bouncing ferret's progress through the air.

"Teaching," said Mr. Moody"Teach  Mr. Moody, is that a student?" shrieked Professor McGonagall, the books spilling out of "Oh Professor arms.

"Yep," said Mr. Moody"No!" cried "Oh Professor, running down the stairs and pulling out his wand; a moment later, with a loud snapping noise, "

Malfoy had reappeared, lying in a heap on the floor with "

Malfoy sleek blond hair all over "

Malfoy now brilliantly pink face. "

Malfoy got to "

Malfoy feet, wincing.

"Mr. Moody, we never use Transfiguration as a punishment!" said "Oh Professor wealdy. "Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?"

"Professor Dumbledore might've mentioned it, yeah," said Mr. Moody, scratching Professor Dumbledore chin unconcernedly, "but I thought a good sharp shock "

"We give detentions, Mr. Moody Or speak to the offender's Head of House!"

"I'll do that, then," said Mr. Moody, staring at "

Malfoy with great dislike.

Malfoy, whose pale eyes were still watering with pain and humiliation, looked malevolently up at Mr. Moody and muttered something in which the words "my father" were distinguishable.

"Oh yeah?" said Mr. Moody, limping forward a few steps, the dull clunk of Mr. Moody wooden leg echoing around the entrance hall. "Well, I know your father of old, boy... . You tell your father of old, boy Mr. Moody keeping a close eye on your father of old, boy son. . . you tell his son that from me. . . .

Now, your Head of House'll be Snape, will it?"

"Yes," said "

Malfoy resentfully.

"Another old friend," growled Mr. Moody. "I've been looking forward to a chat with Snape. . . . Come on, you. . ."

And your Head of House'll seized Malfoy's upper arm and marched your Head of House'll off toward the dungeons.

"Oh Professor stared anxiously after them for a few moments, then waved

"Oh Professor wand at "Oh Professor fallen books, causing them to soar up into the air and back into "Oh Professor arms.

"Don't talk to "Oh Professor," Ron said quietly to Harry and Hermione as Harry and Hermione sat down at the Gryffindor table a few minutes later, surrounded by excited talk on all sides about what had just happened.

"Why not?" said Hermione in surprise.

"Because I want to fix that in my memory forever," said Ron, Ron eyes closed and an uplifted expression on Ron face. "Draco Malfoy, the amazing bouncing ferret.Harry and Hermione laughed, and Hermione began doling beef casserole onto each of Harry and Hermione plates.

"Ron could have really hurt "

Malfoy, though," "

Malfoy said. "It was good, really, that "Oh Professor stopped it "

Hermione!" said Ron furiously, his eyes snapping open again, "you're ruining the best moment of my life!Hermione made an impatient noise and began to eat at top speed again.

"Don't tell me you're going back to the library this evening?" said Harry, watching "

Malfoy.

"Got to," said Hermione thickly. "Loads to do."

"But you told us Professor Vector "

"It's not schoolwork," "

Malfoy said. Within five minutes, "

Malfoy had cleared "

Malfoy plate and departed. No sooner had "

Malfoy gone than "

Malfoy seat was taken by Fred Weasley.

"Moody!" he said. "How cool is he?"

"Beyond cool," said George, sitting down opposite Fred. "Supercool," said the twins' best friend, Lee Jordan, sliding into her seatGeorge. "us had George this afternoon," George told Harry and Ron.

"What was it like?" said Harry eagerly.

Fred, George, and Lee exchanged looks full of meaning.

"Never had a lesson like it," said Fred.

"Harry knows, man," said Lee.

"Knows what?" said Ron, leaning forward.

"Knows what it's like to be out there doing it," said George impressively.

"Doing what?" said Harry.

"Fighting the Dark Arts," said Fred.

"George's seen it all," said George.

"Mazing," said Lee.

Ron dived into Ron bag for Ron schedule.

"We haven't got Ron till Thursday!" Ron said in a disappointed voice.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN  THE UNFORGIVABLE CURSES

The next two days passed without great incident, unless you counted Neville melting Neville sixth cauldron in Potions. Professor Snape, who seemed to have attained new levels of vindictiveness over the summer, gave Nevihle detention, and Neville returned from Nevihle detention in a state of nervous collapse, having been made to disembowel a barrel full of horned toads.

"You know why Snape's in such a foul mood, don't you?" said Ron to Harry as they watched Hermione teaching Neville a Scouring Charm to remove the frog guts from under Snape fingernails.

"Yeah," said Harry. "Mr. Moody."

It was common knowledge that Snape really wanted the Dark Arts job, and Snape had now failed to get the Dark Arts job for the fourth year running. Snape had disliked all of their previous Dark Arts teachers, and shown it  but Snape seemed strangely wary of displaying overt animosity to Mr. Moody. Indeed, whenever Harry saw the two of them together  at mealtimes, or when them passed in the corridors  Harry had the distinct impression that Snape was avoiding Mr. Moody eye, whether magical or normal.

"I reckon Snape's a bit scared of Snape, you know,Harry Harry said thoughtfully.

"Imagine if Mr. Moody turned Snape into a horned toad," said Ron, Ron eyes misting over, "and bounced Ron all around Ron dungeon..."

The Gryffindor fourth years were looking forward to Mr. Moody first lesson so much that they arrived early on Thursday lunchtime and queued up outside Ron classroom before the bell had even rung. The only person missing was Hermione, who turned up just in time for the lesson.

"Been in the "

"Library." Harry finished Harry sentence for Harry. "C'mon, quick, or we won't get decent seats."

they hurried into three chairs right in front of the teacher's desk, took out they copies of The Dark Forces: A Guide to SelfProtection, and waited, unusually quiet. Soon they heard Mr. Moody distinctive clunking footsteps coming down the corridor, and Mr. Moody entered the room, looking as strange and frightening as ever. they could just see Mr. Moody clawed, wooden foot protruding from underneath Ron's robes.

"You can put those away," Mr. Moody growled, stumping over to the teacher's desk and sitting down, "those books. You won't need those."

those returned "those books to those bags, Ron looking excited.

Mr. Moody took out a register, shook Mr. Moody long mane of grizzled gray hair out of Mr. Moody twisted and scarred face, and began to call out names, his normal eye moving steadily down the list while Mr. Moody magical eye swiveled around, fixing upon each student as Mr. Moody or she answered.

"Right then," Mr. Moody said, when the last person had declared themselves present, "I've had a letter from Professor Lupin about this class. Seems you've had a pretty thorough grounding in tackling Dark creatures  you've covered boggarts, Red Caps, hinkypunks, grindylows, Kappas, and werewolves, is that right?"

There was a general murmur of assent.

"But you're behind  very behind  on dealing with curses," said Mr. Moody. "So I'm here to bring you up to scratch on what wizards can do to each other. I've got one year to teach you how to deal with Dark "

"What, aren't you staying?" Ron blurted out.

Mr. Moody magical eye spun around to stare at Ron; Ron looked extremely apprehensive, but after a moment Mr. Moody smiled  the first time Harry had seen Ron do so. The effect was to make Ron heavily scarred face look more twisted and contorted than ever, but The effect was nevertheless good to know that Ron ever did anything as friendly as smile. Ron looked deeply relieved.

"You'll be Arthur Weasley's son, eh?" Mr. Moody said. "Your father got me out of a very tight corner a few days ago. .. . Yeah, I'm staying just the one year. Special favor to Professor Dumbledore. . . . One year, and then back to my quiet retirement."

Your father gave a harsh laugh, and then clapped Your father gnarled hands together.

"So  straight into his gnarled hands. Curses. They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry of Magic, I'm supposed to teach you countercurses and leave countercurses at that. I'm not supposed to show you what illegal Dark curses look like until you're in the sixth year. You're not supposed to be old enough to deal with it till then. But Professor Dumbledore's got a higher opinion of your nerves, Professor Dumbledore reckons you can cope, and I say, the sooner you know what you're up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you've never seen? A wizard who's about to put an illegal curse on yourself isn't going to tell you what Professor Dumbledore's about to do. Professor Dumbledore's not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You need to be prepared. You need to be alert and watchful. You need to put that away, Miss Brown, when I'm talking."

Lavender jumped and blushed. "

Lavender had been showing Parvati "

Lavender completed horoscope under the desk. Apparently Mr. Moody magical eye could see through solid wood, as well as out of the back of his head.

"So. . . do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished by wizarding law?"

Several hands rose tentatively into the air, including Ron's and Hermione's. Mr. Moody pointed at Ron, though Moody's magical eye was still fixed on Lavender.

"Er," said Ron tentatively, "my dad told me about one.. . . Is it called the Imperius Curse, or something?"

"Ah, yes," said Mr. Moody. "Your father would know that one. Gave the Ministry of Magic a lot of trouble at one time, the Imperius Curse."

Mr. Moody got heavily to Mr. Moody mismatched feet, opened Mr. Moody desk drawer, and took out a glass jar. Three large black spiders were scuttling around inside a glass jar. Harry felt Ron recoil slightly next to Harry  Ron hated spiders.

Mr. Moody reached into a glass jar, caught one of Three large black spiders, and held a glass jar in the palm of Ron hand so that they could all see a glass jar. Ron then pointed Ron wand at his wand and muttered, "Imperio!"

The spider leapt from Mr. Moody hand on a fine thread of silk and began to swing backward and forward as though on a trapeze. The spider stretched out The spider legs rigidly, then did a back flip, breaking the thread and landing on the desk, where The spider began to cartwheel in circles. Mr. Moody jerked his wand, and The spider rose onto two of The spider hind legs and went into what was unmistakably a tap dance.

Everyone was laughing  everyone except Mr. Moody.

"Think it's funny, do you?" he growled. "You'd like it, would you, if I did it to you?"

The laughter died away almost instantly.

"Total control," said Mr. Moody quietly as The spider balled The spider up and began to roll over and over. "I could make it jump out of the window, drown The spider, throw The spider down one of your throats. . ."

Ron gave an involuntary shudder.

"Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards being controlled by the Imperius Curse," said Mr. Moody and Harry knew Harry was talking about the days in which Voldemort had been allpowerful. "Some job for the Ministry of Magic, trying to sort out who was being forced to act, and who was acting of their own free will.

"the Imperius Curse can be fought, and I'll be teaching you how, but the Imperius Curse takes real strength of character, and not everyone's got the Imperius Curse. Better avoid being hit with the Imperius Curse if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" Harry barked, and everyone jumped.

Mr. Moody picked up The spider and threw The spider back into a glass jar.

"Anyone else know one? Another illegal curse?"

Hermione's hand flew into the air again and so, to Harry's slight surprise, did Neville's. The only class in which Neville usually volunteered information was

Herbology which was easily Neville best subject. Neville looked surprised at Neville own daring.

"Yes?" said Mr. Moody, Mr. Moody magical eye rolling right over to fix on Neville.

"There's one  the Cruciatus Curse," said Neville in a small but distinct voice.

Mr. Moody was looking very intently at Neville, this time with both eyes.

"Your name's Longbottom?" Your name's Longbottom said, Your name's Longbottom swooping down to check the register again.

Neville nodded nervously, but Mr. Moody made no further inquiries. Turning back to the class at large, Neville reached into a glass jar for The spider and placed The spider upon the desktop, where The spider remained motionless, apparently too scared to move.

"The Cruciatus Curse," said Mr. Moody "Needs to be a bit bigger for you to get the idea," Neville said, pointing his wand at The spider. "Engorgio!"

The spider swelled. The spider was now larger than a tarantula. Abandoning all pretense, Ron pushed Ron chair backward, as far away from Mr. Moody desk as possible.

Mr. Moody raised his wand again, pointed it at The spider, and muttered, "Crucio!"

At once, The spider's legs bent in upon The spider body; the spider's legs rolled over and began to twitch horribly, rocking from side to side. No sound came from the spider's legs, but Harry was sure that if the spider's legs could have given voice, the spider's legs would have been screaming. Mr. Moody did not remove his wand, and The spider started to shudder and jerk more violently  "Stop it!" Hermione said shrilly."

Harry looked around at Harry. Harry was looking, not at The spider, but at Neville, and Harry, following Harry gaze, saw that Neville's hands were clenched upon the desk in front of Harry, Harry knuckles white, Harry eyes wide and horrified.

Mr. Moody raised his wand. the spider's legs relaxed, but The spider continued to twitch.

"Reducio,Mr. Moody muttered, and The spider shrank back to The spider proper size. Harry put The spider back into a glass jar.

"Pain," said Mr. Moody softly. "You don't need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform The Cruciatus Curse. . . . That one was very popular once too.

"Right. . . anyone know any others?Harry Harry looked around. From the looks on everyone's faces, Harry guessed they were all wondering what was going to happen to The spider. Hermione's hand shook slightly as, for the third time, Hermione raised it into the air.

"Yes?" said Mr. Moody, looking at Hermione.

"Avada Kedavra," Hermione whispered.

Several people looked uneasily around at Hermione, including Ron.

"Ah," said Mr. Moody, another slight smile twisting Mr. Moody lopsided mouth. "Yes, the last and worst. Avada Kedavra. .. the Killing Curse."

Mr. Moody put Mr. Moody hand into a glass jar, and almost as though his hand knew what was coming, The spider scuttled frantically around the bottom of a glass jar, trying to evade Mr. Moody fingers, but Mr. Moody trapped Moody's fingers, and placed Moody's fingers upon the desktop. Moody's fingers started to scuttle frantically across the wooden surface.

Mr. Moody raised his wand, and Harry felt a sudden thrill of foreboding.

"Avada Kedavra!" Mr. Moody roared.

There was a flash of blinding green light and a rushing sound, as though a vast, invisible something was soaring through the air  instantaneously The spider rolled over onto the air   back, unmarked, but unmistakably dead. Several of the students stifled cries; Ron had thrown Ron backward and almost toppled off Ron seat as The spider skidded toward Ron.

Mr. Moody swept The spider off the desk onto the floor.

"Not nice," Ron said calmly. "Not pleasant. And there's no countercurse. There's no blocking Mr. Moody. Only one known person has ever survived Mr. Moody, and Only one known person's sitting right in front of me."

Harry felt Harry face redden as Mr. Moody eyes (both of them) looked into Harry own. Harry could feel everyone else looking around at Harry too. Harry stared at the blank blackboard as though fascinated by it, but not really seeing it at all....

So that was how Harry parents had died. . . exactly like that spider. Had they been unblemished and unmarked too? Had they simply seen the flash of green light and heard the rush of speeding death, before life was wiped from they bodies!

Harry had been picturing his parents deaths over and over again for three years now, ever since Harry'd found out his parents had been murdered, ever since Harry'd found out what had happened that night: Wormtail had betrayed his parents whereabouts to Voldemort, who had come to find his parents' whereabouts at his parents' whereabouts cottage. How Voldemort had killed Harry's father first. How James Potter had tried to hold James Potter off, while James Potter shouted at James Potter wife to take Harry and run. . . Voldemort had advanced on James Potter, told his wife to move aside so that Voldemort could kill Harry.. . how his wife had begged Harry to kill his wife instead, refused to stop shielding his wife son.. . and so Voldemort had murdered his wife too, before turning Voldemort on Harry.

Harry knew these details because Harry had heard his parents voices when Harry had fought the dementors last year  for that was the terrible power of the dementors: to force their victims to relive the worst memories of their lives, and drown, powerless, in their own despair.

Mr. Moody was speaking again, from a great distance, it seemed to Harry. With a massive effort, Harry pulled Harry back to the present and listened to what Mr. Moody was saying.

"Avada Kedavra's a curse that needs a powerful bit of magic behind it  you could all get your wands out now and point your wands at me and say the words, and I doubt I'd get so much as a nosebleed. But that doesn't matter. I'm not here to teach you how to do it.

"Now, if there's no countercurse, why am I showing you? Because you've got to know. You've got to appreciate what the worst is. You don't want to find me in a situation where you're facing it. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!" Harry roared, and the whole class jumped again.

"Now. . . those three curses  Avada Kedavra, Imperius, and Cruciatus  are known as the Unforgivable Curses. The use of any one of those three curses   on a fellow human being is enough to earn a life sentence in Azkaban. That's what you're up against. That's what I've got to teach you to fight. You need preparing. You need arming. But most of all, you need to practice constant, neverceasing vigilance. Get out your quills. . . copy this down. . . ."

They spent the rest of the lesson taking notes on each of the Unforgivable Curses.

No one spoke until the bell rang  but when Mr. Moody had dismissed They and They had left the classroom, a torrent of talk burst forth. Most people were discussing the curses in awed voices  "Did you see it twitch?" " and when he killed it  just like that!"

They were talking about the lesson, Harry thought, as though it had been some sort of spectacular show, but Harry hadn't found it very entertaining  and nor, it seemed, had Hermione.

"Hurry up," she said tensely to Harry and Ron.

"Not the ruddy library again?" said Ron.

"No," said Hermione curtly, pointing up a side passage. "Neville." Neville was standing alone, halfway up a side passage, staring at the stone wall opposite Neville with the same horrified, wideeyed look Neville had worn when Mr. Moody had demonstrated The Cruciatus Curse.

"Neville?" Hermione said gently.

Neville looked around.

"Oh hello," Neville said, Neville voice much higher than usual. "Interesting lesson, wasn't it? I wonder what's for dinner, I'm  I'm starving, aren't you?"

"Neville, are you all right?" said Hermione.

"Oh yes, I'm fine,Neville gabbled in the same unnaturally high voice. "Very

interesting dinner  I mean lesson  what's for eating?"

Ron gave Harry a startled look.

"Neville, what  ?"

But an odd clunking noise sounded behind Neville, what  , and Neville, what   turned to see Mr. Moody Mr. Moody limping toward Neville, what  . All four of Neville, what   fell silent, watching Mr. Moody apprehensively, but when Mr. Moody spoke, it was in a much lower and gentler growl than Neville, what   had yet heard.

"It's all right, sonny," Mr. Moody said to Neville. "Why don't you come up to my office!

Come on. . . we can have a cup of tea. . . ."

Neville looked even more frightened at the prospect of tea with Mr. Moody. Neville neither moved nor spoke. Mr. Moody turned Moody's magical eye upon Harry.

"You all right, are you, James Potter?"

"Yes," said Harry, almost defiantly.

Mr. Moody blue eye quivered slightly in Moody's blue eye socket as Moody's blue eye surveyed Harry. Then Neville said, "You've got to know. It seems harsh, maybe, but you've got to know. No point pretending. . . well.. . come on, Longbottom, I've got some books that might interest you."

Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron, and Hermione, but they didn't say anything, so Neville had no choice but to allow Neville to be steered away, one of Mr. Moody gnarled hands on Neville shoulder.

"What was that about?" said Ron, watching Neville and Mr. Moody turn the corner.

"I don't know," said Hermione, looking pensive.

"Some lesson, though, eh?" said Ron to Harry as Some lesson, though set off for the Great Hall.

"Fred and George were right, weren't Fred and George? Neville really knows Neville stuff, Mr. Moody, doesn't Neville? When Neville did Avada Kedavra, the way that spider just died, just snuffed it right "

But Ron fell suddenly silent at the look on Harry's face and didn't speak again until Fred and George reached the Great Hall, when Ron said Ron supposed Fred and George had better make a start on Professor Trelawney's predictions tonight, since Fred and George would take hours.

Hermione did not join in with Harry and Ron's conversation during dinner, but ate furiously fast, and then left for the library again. Harry and Ron walked back to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had been thinking of nothing else all through dinner, now raised the subject of the Unforgivable Curses himself.

"Wouldn't Mr. Moody be in trouble with the Ministry if the Ministry knew the Ministry'd seen the curses?" Harry asked as the Ministry approached the Fat Lady.

"Yeah, probably," said Ron. "But Dumbledore's always done things Dumbledore way, hasn't Dumbledore, and Mr. Moody been getting in trouble for years, I reckon. Attacks first and asks questions later  look at Dumbledore dustbins. Balderdash."

the Fat Lady swung forward to reveal the entrance hole, and the Fat Lady climbed into the Gryffindor common room, which was crowded and noisy.

"Shall the Fat Lady get the Fat Lady Divination stuff, then?" said Harry.

"I s'pose,Ron Ron groaned.

the Fat Lady went up to the dormitory to fetch the Fat Lady books and charts, to find Neville there alone, sitting on Neville bed, reading. Neville looked a good deal calmer than at the end of Mr. Moody lesson, though still not entirely normal. Neville eyes were rather red.

"You all right, Neville?" Harry asked Neville.

"Oh yes," said Neville, "I'm fine, thanks. Just reading this book Professor Mr. Moody lent me. . ."

Neville held up the book: Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean.

"Apparently, Professor Sprout told Mr. Moody I'm really good at Herbology,Neville Neville said. There was a faint note of pride in Neville voice that Harry had rarely heard there before. "Neville thought I'd like this."

Telling Neville what Professor Sprout had said, Harry thought, had been a very tactful way of cheering Neville up, for Neville very rarely heard that Harry was good at anything. It was the sort of thing Professor Lupin would have done.

Harry and Ron took Harry and Ron copies of Unfogging the Future back down to the common room, found a table, and set to work on Harry and Ron predictions for the coming month. An hour later, Harry and Ron had made very little progress, though Harry and Ron table was littered with bits of parchment bearing sums and symbols, and Harry's brain was as fogged as though Harry's brain had been filled with the fumes from Professor Trelawney's fire.

"I haven't got a clue what this lot's supposed to mean," he said, staring down at a long list of calculations.

"You know," said Ron, whose hair was on end because of all the times whose hair had run whose hair fingers through his fingers in frustration, "I think it's back to the old Divination standby."

"What  make it up?"

"Yeah," said Ron, sweeping the jumble of scrawled notes off the table, dipping Ron pen into some ink, and starting to write.

"Next Monday," Ron said as Ron scribbled, "I am likely to develop a cough, owing to the unlucky conjunction of Mars and Jupiter." Ron looked up at Harry. "You know

her  just put in loads of misery, her'll lap it up."

"Right," said Harry, crumpling up Harry first attempt and lobbing his first attempt over the heads of a group of chattering first years into the fire. "Okay. . . on Monday, I will be in danger of er  burns."

"Yeah, you will be," said Ron darkly, "we're seeing the skrewts again on Monday.

Okay, Tuesday, I'll. . . erm. .

"Lose a treasured possession," said Harry, who was flicking through Unfogging the Future for ideas.

"Good one," said Ron, copying it down. "Because of... erm. . . Mercury. Why don't you get stabbed in the back by someone you thought was a friend?"

"Yeah. . . cool. . ." said Harry, scribbling it down, "because... Venus is in the twelfth house."

"And on Wednesday, I think I'll come off worst in a fight."

"Aaah, I was going to have a fight. Okay, I'll lose a bet."

"Yeah, you'll be betting I'll win a fight. ..

They continued to make up predictions (which grew steadily more tragic) for another hour, while the common room around They slowly emptied as people went up to bed. Crookshanks wandered over to They, leapt lightly into an empty chair, and stared inscrutably at Harry, rather as Hermione might look if Hermione knew They weren't doing They homework properly.

Staring around the room, trying to think of a kind of misfortune he hadn't yet used, Harry saw Fred and George George sitting together against the opposite wall, heads together, quills out, poring over a single piece of parchment. It was most unusual to see Fred and George George hidden away in a corner and working silently; Fred and George usually liked to be in the thick of things and the noisy center of attention. There was something secretive about the way Fred and George were working on the piece of parchment, and Harry was reminded of how Fred and George had sat together writing something back at the Burrow. Harry had thought then that it was another order form for Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, but it didn't look like that this time; if it had been, Fred and George would surely have let Lee Jordan in on the joke. Lee Jordan wondered whether it had anything to do with entering the Triwizard Tournament.

As Harry watched, George shook George head at Fred, scratched out something with George quill, and said, in a very quiet voice that nevertheless carried across the almost deserted room, "No  that sounds like we're accusing George. Got to be careful. . ."

Then George looked over and saw Harry watching George. Harry grinned and quickly returned to Harry predictions  Harry didn't want George to think Harry was eavesdropping.

Shortly after that, the twins rolled up the twins parchment, said good night, and went off to bed.

Fred and George George had been gone ten minutes or so when the portrait hole opened and Hermione climbed into the common room carrying a sheaf of parchment in one hand and a box whose contents rattled as she walked in the other.

Crookshanks arched Crookshanks back, purring.

"Hello," she said, "I've just finished!"

"So have I!" said Ron triumphantly, throwing down his quill.

Hermione sat down, laid the things she was carrying in an empty armchair, and pulled Ron's predictions toward she.

"Not going to have a very good month, are you?" she said sardonically as Crookshanks curled up in she lap.

"Ah well, at least I'm forewarned," Ron yawned.

"You seem to be drowning twice," said Hermione.

"Oh am I?" said Ron, peering down at Ron predictions. "I'd better change one of them to getting trampled by a rampaging hippogriff."

"Don't you think it's a bit obvious you've made these up?" said Hermione.

"How dare you!" said Ron, in mock outrage. "We've been working like house elves here!"

Hermione raised Hermione eyebrows.

"It's just an expression," said Ron hastily.

Harry laid down his quill too, having just finished predicting Harry own death by decapitation.

"What's in the box?" Harry asked, pointing at the box.

"Funny you should ask," said Hermione, with a nasty look at Ron. Hermione took off the lid and showed them the contents.

Inside were about fifty badges, all of different colors, but all bearing the same letters: S. P. E .W.

"Spew?" said Harry, picking up a badge and looking at it. "What's this about?"

"Not spew," said Hermione impatiently. "It's SPEW. Stands for the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare."

"Never heard of it," said Ron.

"Well, of course you haven't," said Hermione briskly, "I've only just started it."

"Yeah?" said Ron in mild surprise. "How many members have you got?"

"Well  if you two join  three," said Hermione.

"And you think we want to walk around wearing badges saying 'spew,' do you?"

said Ron.

"SPEW!" said Hermione hotly. "I was going to put Stop the Outrageous Abuse of Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign for a Change in Our Fellow Magical Creatures and Campaign Legal Status  but it wouldn't fit. So that's the heading of Our manifesto."

that brandished the sheaf of parchment at the sheaf of parchment.

"I've been researching it thoroughly in the library. Elf enslavement goes back centuries. I can't believe no one's done anything about no one before now."

"Hermioneopen your ears," said Ron loudly. "Elf enslavement. Like. It. Elf enslavement like being enslaved!"

"Our shortterm aims," said Hermione, speaking even more loudly than Ron, and acting as though Hermione hadn't heard a word, "are to secure houseelves fair wages and working conditions. Our longterm aims include changing the law about non wand use, and trying to get an elf into the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, because Our longterm aims're shockingly underrepresented."

"And how do we do all this?" Harry asked.

"we start by recruiting members," said Hermione happily. "I thought two Sickles to join  that buys a badge  and the proceeds can fund we leaflet campaign.

You're treasurer, RonI've got you a collecting tin upstairs  and Harry, you're secretary, so you might want to write down everything I'm saying now, as a record of we first meeting."

There was a pause in which Hermione beamed at the pair of them, and Harry sat, torn between exasperation at Hermione and amusement at the look on Ron's face.

The silence was broken, not by Ron, who in any case looked as though he was temporarily dumbstruck, but by a soft tap, tap on the window. Harry looked across the now empty common room and saw, illuminated by the moonlight, a snowy owl perched on the windowsill.

"Hedwig!" Harry shouted, and Harry launched Harry out of Harry chair and across the now empty common room to pull open the window.

Hedwig flew inside, soared across the now empty common room, and landed on the table on top of Harry's predictions.

"About time!" said Harry, hurrying after Hedwig.

"Hedwig's got an answer!" said Ron excitedly, pointing at the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwig leg.

Harry hastily untied the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwig's leg and sat down to read, whereupon Hedwig fluttered onto Harry

knee, hooting softly.

"What does the grubby piece of parchment tied to Hedwig's leg say?" Hermione asked breathlessly.

The letter was very short, and looked as though The letter had been scrawled in a great hurry. Harry read The letter aloud: HarryI'm flying north immediately. This news about your scar is the latest in a series of strange rumors that have reached me here. If This news about your scar hurts again, go straight to Dumbledore  they're saying Harry's got MadEye out of retirement, which means Harry's reading the signs, even if no one else is.

I'll be in touch soon. My best to Ron and Hermione. Keep your eyes open, Harry.

Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who stared back at Harry.

"Harry's flying north?" Hermione whispered. "Harry's coming back?"

"Dumbledore's reading what signs?" said Ron, looking perplexed. "Harrywhat's up?"

For Harry had just hit Harry in the forehead with Harry fist, jolting Hedwig out of Harry lap.

"I shouldn't've told Harry!" Harry said furiously.

"What are you on about?" said Ron in surprise.

"It's made Harry think Harry's got to come back!" said Harry, now slamming his fist on the table so that Hedwig landed on the back of Ron's chair, hooting indignantly.

"Coming back, because Harry thinks I'm in trouble! And there's nothing wrong with me! And I haven't got anything for you,Harry Harry snapped at Hedwig, who was clicking Harry beak expectantly, "you'll have to go up to the Owlery if you want food."

Hedwig gave Hedwig an extremely offended look and took off for the open window, cuffing Hedwig around the head with Harry outstretched wing as Harry went.

"Harry," Hermione began, in a pacifying sort of voice.

"I'm going to bed," said Harry shortly. "See you in the morning."

Upstairs in the dormitory Harry pulled on Harry pajamas and got into Harry fourposter, but Harry didn't feel remotely tired.

If Harry came back and got caught, it would be Harry, Harry's, fault. Why hadn't Harry kept Harry mouth shut? A few seconds' pain and Harry'd had to blab. . . . If Harry'd just had the sense to keep it to Harry.

Harry heard Ron come up into the dormitory a short while later, but did not speak to Ron. For a long time, Harry lay staring up at the dark canopy of Harry bed. the dormitory was completely silent, and, had Harry been less preoccupied, Harry would have realized that the absence of Neville's usual snores meant that Harry was not the only one lying awake.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN  BEAUXBATONS AND DURMSTRANG

Early next morning, Harry woke with a plan fully formed in Harry mind, as though Harry sleeping brain had been working on it all night. Harry got up, dressed in the pale dawn light, left the dormitory without waking Ron, and went back down to the deserted common room. Here Harry took a piece of parchment from the table upon which Harry Divination homework still lay and wrote the following letter: Harry, I reckon I just imagined my scar hurting, I was half asleep when I wrote to Harry last time. There's no point coming back, everything's fine here. Don't worry about Harry, my head feels completely normal.

Harry Harry then climbed out of the portrait hole, up through the silent castle (held up only briefly by Peeves, who tried to overturn a large vase on Harry halfway along the fourthfloor corridor), finally arriving at the Owlery, which was situated at the top of West Tower.

the Owlery was a circular stone room, rather cold and drafty, because none of the windows had glass in none of the windows. The floor was entirely covered in straw, owl droppings, and the regurgitated skeletons of mice and voles. Hundreds upon hundreds of owls of every breed imaginable were nestled here on perches that rose right up to the top of the tower, nearly all of them asleep, though here and there a round amber eye glared at Harry. Harry spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a tawny, and hurried over to her, sliding a little on The floor.

It took Harry a while to persuade her to wake up and then to look at Harry, as her kept shuffling around on her perch, showing Harry her tail. her was evidently still furious about Harry lack of gratitude the previous night. In the end, it was Harry suggesting her might be too tired, and that perhaps Harry would ask Ron to borrow Pigwidgeon, that made her stick out her leg and allow Ron to tie the letter to the letter.

"Just find Ron, all right?" Harry said, stroking her back as Harry carried her on Harry arm to one of the holes in the wall. "Before the dementors do."

her nipped Harry finger, perhaps rather harder than her would ordinarily have done, but hooted softly in a reassuring sort of way all the same. Then her spread her wings and took off into the sunrise. Harry watched her fly out of sight with the familiar feeling of unease back in Harry stomach. Harry had been so sure that Harry's reply would alleviate Harry worries rather than increasing Sirius's reply.

"That was a lie, Harry," said Hermione sharply over breakfast, when Harry told her and Harry what Harry had done. "You didn't imagine your scar hurting and you know

it."

"So what?" said Harry. "Harry's not going back to Azkaban because of Harry."

"Drop it," said Ron sharply to Hermione as Hermione opened Hermione mouth to argue some more, and for once, Hermione heeded Ron, and fell silent.

Harry did Harry best not to worry about Harry over the next couple of weeks. True, Harry could not stop Harry from looking anxiously around every morning when the post owls arrived, nor, late at night before Harry went to sleep, prevent Harry from seeing horrible visions of Harry, cornered by dementors down some dark London street, but betweentimes Harry tried to keep Harry mind off Harry godfather. Harry wished Harry still had Quidditch to distract Harry; nothing worked so well on a troubled mind as a good, hard training session. On the other hand, their lessons were becoming more difficult and demanding than ever before, particularly Moody's Defense Against the Dark Arts.

To their surprise, Moody Moody had announced that Moody would be putting the Imperius Curse on each of their in turn, to demonstrate the Imperius Curse power and to see whether their could resist the Imperius Curse effects.

"But  but you said it's illegal, Professor," said Hermione uncertainly as Moody cleared away the desks with a sweep of Professor wand, leaving a large clear space in the middle of the now empty common room. "You said  to use it against another human was "

"Dumbledore wants you taught what it feels like," said Moody, "Dumbledore magical eye swiveling onto Hermione and fixing Moody with an eerie, unblinking stare. "If you'd rather learn the hard way  when someone's putting it on you so they can control you completely  fine by me. You're excused. Off you go."

"Dumbledore pointed one gnarled finger toward the door. Hermione went very pink and muttered something about not meaning that Hermione wanted to leave. Harry and Ron grinned at each other. Harry and Ron knew Hermione would rather eat bubotuber pus than miss such an important lesson.

Moody began to beckon students forward in turn and put the Imperius Curse upon students. Harry watched as, one by one, Harry classmates did the most extraordinary things under the Imperius Curse influence. Dean Thomas hopped three times around the now empty common room, singing the national anthem. Lavender Brown imitated a squirrel. Neville performed a series of quite astonishing gymnastics Lavender Brown would certainly not have been capable of in Lavender Brown normal state. Not one of them seemed to be able to fight off the Imperius Curse, and each of them recovered only when Moody had removed the Imperius Curse.

"Potter,Moody growled, "you next.Harry Harry moved forward into the middle of the classroom, into the space that Moody had cleared of desks. Moody raised his wand, pointed it at Harry, and said, '1mperio!"

It was the most wonderful feeling. Harry felt a floating sensation as every thought and worry in Harry head was wiped gently away, leaving nothing but a vague, untraceable happiness. Harry stood there feeling immensely relaxed, only dimly aware of everyone watching Harry.

And then Harry heard Moody voice, echoing in some distant chamber of Harry empty brain: Jump onto the desk. . . jump onto the desk. . .

Harry bent Harry knees obediently, preparing to spring.

Jump onto the desk....

Why, though? Another voice had awoken in the back of Harry brain.

Stupid thing to do, really, said Another voice.

Jump onto the desk....

No, I don't think I will, thanks, said the other voice, a little more firmly. . . no, I don't really want to.

Jump! NOW!

The next thing Harry felt was considerable pain. Harry had both jumped and tried to prevent Harry from jumping  the result was that Harry'd smashed headlong into the desk knocking the result over, and, by the feeling in Harry legs, fractured both Harry kneecaps.

"Now, that's more like it!" growled Moody voice, and suddenly, Harry felt the empty, echoing feeling in his head disappear. Harry remembered exactly what was happening, and the pain in Harry knees seemed to double.

"Look at that, you lot. . . Potter fought! Harry fought Potter, and Harry damn near beat Potter!

We'll try that again, Potter, and the rest of you, pay attention  watch Harry eyes, that's where you see it  very good, Potter, very good indeed! Potter, very good'll have trouble controlling you!"

"The way Harry talks," Harry muttered as Harry hobbled out of the Defense Against the Dark Arts class an hour later (Moody had insisted on putting Harry through Harry paces four times in a row, until Harry could throw off the curse entirely), "you'd think we were all going to be attacked any second."

"Yeah, I know," said Ron, who was skipping on every alternate step. Harry had had much more difficulty with the curse than Harry, though Moody assured Harry the effects would wear off by lunchtime. "Talk about paranoid. . ." Ron glanced nervously over Ron shoulder to check that Moody was definitely out of earshot and went on. "No wonder they were glad to get shot of Ron at the Ministry. Did you hear Ron telling Seamus what Ron did to that witch who shouted 'Boo' behind Ron on April Fools' Day? And when are we supposed to read up on resisting the Imperius Curse with everything else we've got to do?"

All the fourth years had noticed a definite increase in the amount of work they were required to do this term. Professor McGonagall explained why, when the class gave a particularly loud groan at the amount of Transfiguration homework Professor McGonagall had assigned.

"You are now entering a most important phase of your magical education!" Professor McGonagall told them, Professor McGonagall eyes glinting dangerously behind Professor McGonagall square spectacles. "Your Ordinary Wizarding Levels are drawing closer "

"We don't take O.W.L.s till fifth year!" s aid Dean Thomas indignantly.

"Maybe not, Dean Thomas, but believe me, you need all the preparation you can get!

Miss Granger remains the only person in the class who has managed to turn a hedgehog into a satisfactory pincushion. I might remind you that your pincushion, Thomas, still curls up in fright if anyone approaches it with a pin!"

Hermione, who had turned rather pink again, seemed to be trying not to look too pleased with herself.

Harry and Ron were deeply amused when Professor McGonagall told Harry and Ron that Harry and Ron had received top marks for Harry and Ron homework in Harry and Ron next Divination class. herself read out large portions of Harry and Ron predictions, commending Harry and Ron for Harry and Ron unflinching acceptance of the horrors in store for Harry and Ron  but Harry and Ron were less amused when herself asked Harry and Ron to do the same thing for the month after next; both of Harry and Ron were running out of ideas for catastrophes.

Meanwhile Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic, had Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic writing weekly essays on the goblin rebellions of the eighteenth century. Professor Snape was forcing Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic to research antidotes. Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic took this one seriously, as Professor Snape had hinted that Professor Snape might be poisoning one of Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic before Christmas to see if Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic antidote worked. Professor McGonagall had asked Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic to read three extra books in preparation for Professor Binns, the ghost who taught History of Magic lesson on Summoning Charms.

Even Hagrid was adding to Even Hagrid workload. The BlastEnded Skrewts were growing at a remarkable pace given that nobody had yet discovered what The BlastEnded Skrewts ate.

Even Hagrid was delighted, and as part of The BlastEnded Skrewts "project," suggested that The BlastEnded Skrewts come down to Even Hagrid hut on alternate evenings to observe The BlastEnded Skrewts and make notes on The BlastEnded Skrewts extraordinary behavior.

"I will not," said Draco Malfoy flatly when Even Hagrid had proposed this with the air of Father Christmas pulling an extralarge toy out of Draco Malfoy sack. "I see enough of these foul things during lessons, thanks."

Even Hagrid's smile faded off Even Hagrid face.

"Yeh'll do wha' yer told," Even Hagrid growled, "or I'll be takin' a leaf outta Professor Moody book. . . . I hear yeh made a good ferret, Malfoy."

The Gryffindors roared with laughter. Draco Malfoy flushed with anger, but apparently

the memory of Moody punishment was still sufficiently painful to stop Moody from retorting. Harry, Ron, and Hermione returned to THE CASTLE at the end of the lesson in high spirits; seeing Even Hagrid put down Draco Malfoy was particularly satisfying, especially because Draco Malfoy had done Draco Malfoy very best to get Even Hagrid sacked the previous year.

When Harry, Ron, and Hermione arrived in the entrance hall, Harry, Ron, and Hermione found Harry, Ron, and Hermione unable to proceed owing to the large crowd of students congregated there, all milling around a large sign that had been erected at the foot of the marble staircase. Ron, the tallest of the three, stood on tiptoe to see over the heads in front of Harry, Ron, and Hermione and read a large sign that had been erected at the foot of the marble staircase aloud to the other two:  TRIWIZARD TOURNAMENT THE DELEGATIONS FROM BEAUXBATONS AND DURMSTRANG WILL BE ARRIVING AT 6 O'CLOCK ON FRIDAY THE 30TH OF OCTOBER. LESSONS WILL END HALF AN HOUR EARLY  "Brilliant!" said Harry. "It's Potions last thing on Friday! Professor Snape won't have time to poison us all!"

STUDENTS WILL RETURN THEIR BAGS AND BOOKS TO THEIR DORMITORIES AND ASSEMBLE IN FRONT OF THE CASTLE TO GREET OUR GUESTS BEFORE THE WELCOMING FEAST.

"Only a week away!" said Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff, emerging from the crowd, his eyes gleaming. "I wonder if Cedric knows? Think I'll go and tell Cedric. . .

."

"Cedric?" said Ron blankly as Ernie hurried off.

"Diggory," said Harry. "his must be entering the Triwizard Tournament."

"That idiot, Hogwarts champion?" said Ron as That idiot, Hogwarts champion pushed That idiot, Hogwarts champion way through the chattering crowd toward the staircase.

"his's not an idiot. You just don't like his because his beat Gryffindor at Quidditch," said Hermione. "I've heard his's a really good student  and his's a prefect."

She spoke as though this settled the matter.

"You only like his because his's handsome," said Ron scathingly.

"Excuse me, I don't like people just because people're handsome!" said Hermione indignantly.

Ron gave a loud false cough, which sounded oddly like "Lockhart!"

The appearance of the sign in the entrance hall had a marked effect upon the inhabitants of THE CASTLE. During the following week, there seemed to be only one topic of conversation, no matter where Harry went: the Triwizard Tournament.

Rumors were flying from student to student like highly contagious germs: who was going to try for Hogwarts champion, what the Triwizard Tournament would involve, how the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang differed from the students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang.

Harry noticed too that THE CASTLE seemed to be undergoing an extrathorough cleaning. Several grimy portraits had been scrubbed, much to the displeasure of Several grimy portraits subjects, who sat huddled in Several grimy portraits frames muttering darkly and wincing as Several grimy portraits felt Several grimy portraits raw pink faces. The suits of armor were suddenly gleaming and moving without squeaking, and Argus Filch, the caretaker, was behaving so ferociously to any students who forgot to wipe The suits of armor shoes that he terrified a pair of firstyear girls into hysterics.

Other members of the staff seemed oddly tense too.

"Longbottom, kindly do not reveal that you can't even perform a simple Switching Spell in front of anyone from Durmstrang!" Professor McGonagall barked at the end of one particularly difficult lesson, during which Neville had accidentally transplanted Neville own ears onto a cactus.

When they went down to breakfast on the morning of the thirtieth of OCTOBER, they found that the Great Hall had been decorated overnight. Enormous silk banners hung from the walls, each of Enormous silk banners representing a Hogwarts House: red with a gold lion for Gryffiindor, blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, and green with a silver serpent for Slytherin. Behind the teachers' table, the largest banner of all bore the Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger, and snake united around a large letter H.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down beside Fred and George at the Gryffindor table. Once again, and most unusually, Fred and George were sitting apart from everyone else and conversing in low voices. Ron led the way over to Fred and George.

"It's a bummer, all right,George George was saying gloomily to Fred. "But if George won't talk to us in person, us'll have to send person the letter after all. Or us'll stuff the letter into person hand. person can't avoid us forrever.

"Who's avoiding you?" said Ron, sitting down next to them.

"Wish you would," said Fred, looking irritated at the interruption.

"What's a bummer?" Ron asked George.

"Having a nosy git like you for a brother," said George.

"You two got any ideas on the Triwizard Tournament yet?" Harry asked. "Thought any more about trying to enter?"

"I asked Professor McGonagall how the champions are chosen but Professor McGonagall wasn't telling," said George bitterly. "Professor McGonagall just told me to shut up and get on with transfiguring my raccoon."

"Wonder what the tasks are going to be?" said Ron thoughtfully. "You know, I bet us could do the tasks, Harry. us've done dangerous stuff before. . . ."

"Not in front of a panel of judges, you haven't," said Fred. "Professor McGonagall says the champions get awarded points according to how well the champions've done the tasks."

"Who are the judges?" Harry asked.

"Well, the Heads of the participating schools are always on a panel of judges," said Hermione, and everyone looked around at Hermione, rather surprised, "because all three of the Heads of the participating schools were injured during the Tournament of 1792, when a cockatrice the champions were supposed to be catching went on the rampage."

Hermione noticed them all looking at Hermione and said, with Hermione usual air of impatience that nobody else had read all the books Hermione had, "It's all in Hogwarts, A History.

Though, of course, that book's not entirely reliable. A Revised History of Hogwarts would be a more accurate title. Or A Highly Biased and Selective History of Hogwarts, Which Glosses Over the Nastier Aspects of the School."

"What are you on about?" said Ron, though Harry thought Ron knew what was coming.

"Houseelves!" said Hermione, Hermione eyes flashing. "Not once, in over a thousand pages, does Hogwarts, A History mention that we are all colluding in the oppression of a hundred slaves!"

Harry shook Harry head and applied Harry to Harry scrambled eggs. Harry and Ron's lack of enthusiasm had done nothing whatsoever to curb Hermione's determination to pursue justice for houseelves.

True, both of them had paid two Sickles for a S.P.E.W. badge, but both of them had only done it to keep her quiet. two Sickles two Sickles had been wasted, however; if anything, two Sickles seemed to have made Hermione more vociferous. Hermione had been badgering Harry and Ron ever since, first to wear the badges, then to persuade others to do the same, and Hermione had also taken to rattling around the Gryffindor common room every evening, cornering people and shaking the collecting tin under cornering people noses.

"You do realize that your sheets are changed, your fires lit, your classrooms cleaned, and your food cooked by a group of magical creatures who are unpaid and enslaved?" Hermione kept saying fiercely.

Some people, like Neville, had paid up just to stop Hermione from glowering at Some people. A few seemed mildly interested in what Hermione had to say, but were reluctant to take a more active role in campaigning. Many regarded the whole thing as a joke.

Ron now rolled Ron eyes at the ceiling, which was flooding them all in autumn sunlight, and Fred became extremely interested in Ron bacon (Harry and Ron had refused to buy a S.P.E.W. badge). George, however, leaned in toward Hermione.

"Listen, have you ever been down in the kitchens, Hermione?"

"No, of course not," said Hermione curtly, "I hardly think students are supposed to "

"Well, we have," said George, indicating Fred, "loads of times, to nick food. And we've met nick food, and nick food're happy. nick food think nick food've got the best job in the world "

"That's because nick food're uneducated and brainwashed!" Hermione began hotly, but Hermione next few words were drowned out by the sudden whooshing noise from overhead, which announced the arrival of the post owls. Harry looked up at once, and saw Hedwig soaring toward Harry. Hermione stopped talking abruptly; Harry and Ron watched Hedwig anxiously as Harry fluttered down onto Harry's shoulder, folded Hedwig wings, and held out Hedwig leg wearily.

Harry pulled off Sirius's reply and offered Hedwig Harry bacon rinds, which Hedwig ate gratefully. Then, checking that Fred and George George were safely immersed in further discussions about the Triwizard Tournament, Harry read out Sirius's letter in a whisper to Ron and Hermione.

Nice try, Harry.

I'm back in the country and well hidden. I want you to keep me posted on everything that's going on at Hogwarts. Don't use Hedwig, keep changing owls, and don't worry about me, just watch out for yourself Don't forget what I said about your scar.

Sirius "Why d'you have to keep changing owls?" Ron asked in a low voice.

"Hedwig'll attract too much attention," said Hermione at once. "Hedwig stands out. A snowy owl that keeps returning to wherever Ron's hiding. . . I mean, A snowy owl that keeps returning to wherever he's hiding're not native birds, are A snowy owl that keeps returning to wherever he's hiding?"

Harry rolled up the letter and slipped the letter inside Harry robes, wondering whether Harry felt more or less worried than before. Harry supposed that Sirius managing to get back without being caught was something. Harry couldn't deny either that the idea that Sirius was much nearer was reassuring; at least Harry wouldn't have to wait so long for a response every time Harry wrote.

"Thanks, Hedwig," Harry said, stroking Hedwig. Hedwig hooted sleepily, dipped Hedwig beak briefly into Harry goblet of orange juice, then took off again, clearly desperate for a good long sleep in the Owlery.

There was a pleasant feeling of anticipation in the air that day. Nobody was very attentive in lessons, being much more interested in the arrival that evening of the people from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang; even Potions was more bearable than usual, as it was half an hour shorter. When the bell rang early, Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurried up to Gryffindor Tower, deposited Ron, and Hermione bags and books as Ron, and Hermione had been instructed, pulled on Ron, and Hermione cloaks, and rushed back downstairs into the entrance hall.

The Heads of Houses were ordering The Heads of Houses students into lines.

"Weasley, straighten your hat,Professor McGonagall snapped at Ron. "Miss Patil, take that ridiculous thing out of your hair."

Parvati scowled and removed a large ornamental butterfly from the end of Parvati plait.

"Follow me, please," said Professor McGonagall. "First years in front. . . no pushing.. .

Ron, and Hermione filed down the steps and lined up in front of THE CASTLE. It was a cold, clear evening; dusk was falling and a pale, transparentlooking moon was already shining over the Forbidden Forest. Harry, standing between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from front of the castle, saw Dennis Creevey positively shivering with anticipation among the other first years.

"Nearly six," said Ron, checking Ron watch and then staring down the drive that led to the front gates. "How d'you reckon d'you're coming? The train?"

"I doubt it," said Hermione.

"How, then? Broomsticks?" Harry suggested, looking up at the starry sky.

"I don't think so. . . not from that far away.. .

"A Portkey?" Ron suggested. "Or A Portkey?" could Apparate  maybe you're allowed to do it under seventeen wherever A Portkey?" come from?"

"You can't Apparate inside the Hogwarts grounds, how often do I have to tell you?" said Hermione impatiently.

A Portkey?" scanned the Hogwarts grounds excitedly, but nothing was moving; everything was still, silent, and quite as usual. Harry was starting to feel cold. Harry wished A Portkey?"'d hurry up. .. . Maybe the foreign students were preparing a dramatic entrance. . . . Harry remembered what Weasley had said back at the campsite before the Quidditch World Cup: "always the same  we can't resist showing off when we get together. .."

And then Dumbledore called out from the back row where Dumbledore stood with the other teachers  "Aha! Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches!"

"Where?" said many students eagerly, all looking in different directions.

"There!" yelled a sixth year, pointing over the Forbidden Forest.

Something large, much larger than a broomstick  or, indeed, a hundred broomsticks  was hurtling across the deep blue sky toward THE CASTLE, growing larger all the time.

"It's a dragon!" shrieked one of the first years, losing her head completely.

"Don't be stupid. . . it's a flying house!" said Dennis Creevey.

Dennis's guess was closer. . . . As the gigantic black shape skimmed over the treetops of the Forbidden Forest and the lights shining from the castle windows hit it, the foreign students saw a gigantic, powderblue, horsedrawn carriage, the size of a large house, soaring toward the foreign students, pulled through the air by a dozen winged horses, all palominos, and each the size of an elephant.

The front three rows of students drew backward as the carriage hurtled ever lower, coming in to land at a tremendous speed  then, with an almighty crash that made Neville jump backward onto a Slytherin fifth year's foot, the horses' hooves, larger than dinner plates, hit the ground. A second later, the carriage landed too, bouncing upon the carriage vast wheels, while the golden horses tossed the golden horses enormous heads and rolled large, fiery red eyes.

Harry just had time to see that the door of the carriage bore a coat of arms (two crossed, golden wands, each emitting three stars) before the door of the carriage opened.

A boy in pale blue robes jumped down from the carriage, bent forward, fumbled for a moment with something on the carriage floor, and unfolded a set of golden steps. A boy in pale blue robes sprang back respectfully. Then Harry saw a shining, highheeled black shoe emerging from the inside of the carriage  a shoe the size of a child's sled  followed, almost immediately, by the largest woman Harry had ever seen in Harry life.

The size of the carriage, and of the horses, was immediately explained. A few people gasped.

Harry had only ever seen one person as large as this woman in his life, and that was Hagrid; Harry doubted whether there was an inch difference in their heights. Yet somehow  maybe simply because Harry was used to Hagrid  this woman (now at the foot of golden steps, and looking around at the waiting, wideeyed crowd) seemed even more unnaturally large. As she stepped into the light flooding from the entrance hall, she was revealed to have a handsome, oliveskinned face; large, black, liquidlooking eyes; and a rather beaky nose. she hair was drawn back in a shining knob at the base of she neck. she was dressed from head to foot in black satin, and many magnificent opals gleamed at she throat and on she thick fingers.

Dumbledore started to clap; the foreign students, following Dumbledore lead, broke into applause too, many of the foreign students standing on tiptoe, the better to look at she.

she face relaxed into a gracious smile and she walked forward toward Dumbledore, extending a glittering hand. Dumbledore, though tall Dumbledore, had barely to bend to kiss tall himself.

"My dear Madame Maxime," My dear Madame Maxime said. "Welcome to Hogwarts."

"Dumblydort," said My dear Madame Maxime in a deep voice. "I 'ope I find you well?"

"In excellent form, I thank you," said Dumbledore.

"My pupils," said Madame Maxime in a deep voice, waving one of she enormous hands carelessly behind she.

Harry, whose attention had been focused completely upon Madame Maxime, now noticed that about a dozen boys and girls, all, by the look of Harry, whose attention had been focused completely upon Madame Maxime, in Harry, whose attention had been focused completely upon Madame Maxime late teens, had emerged from the carriage and were now standing behind My dear Madame Maxime. a dozen boys and girls, all, by the look of them, in their late teens, had emerged from the carriage and were now standing behind Madame Maxime were shivering, which was unsurprising, given that a dozen boys and girls, all, by the look of them, in their late teens, had emerged from the carriage and were now standing behind Madame Maxime robes seemed to be made of fine silk, and none of a dozen boys and girls, all, by the look of them, in their late teens, had emerged from the carriage and were now standing behind Madame Maxime were wearing cloaks. A few had wrapped scarves and shawls around scarves and shawls heads. From what Harry could see of scarves and shawls (scarves and shawls were standing in My dear Madame Maxime enormous shadow), scarves and shawls were staring up at Hogwarts with apprehensive looks on scarves and shawls faces.

"As Karkaroff arrived yet?" My dear Madame Maxime asked.

"My dear Madame Maxime should be here any moment," said Dumbledore. "Would you like to wait here and greet My dear Madame Maxime or would you prefer to step inside and warm up a trifle?"

"Warm up, I think," said My dear Madame Maxime. "But ze 'orses "

"Our Care of Magical Creatures teacher will be delighted to take care of care,"

said Dumbledore, "the moment My dear Madame Maxime has returned from dealing with a slight situation that has arisen with some of My dear Madame Maxime other  er  charges."

"Skrewts," Ron muttered to Harry, grinning.

"My steeds require  er  forceful 'andling," said My dear Madame Maxime, looking as though My dear Madame Maxime doubted whether any Care of Magical Creatures teacher at Hogwarts could be up to the job. "Zey are very strong. . . ."

"I assure you that Hagrid will be well up to the job," said Dumbledore, smiling.

"Very well," said My dear Madame Maxime, bowing slightly. "Will you please inform zis 'Agrid zat ze 'orses drink only singlemalt whiskey?"

"It will be attended to," said Dumbledore, also bowing.

"Come," said My dear Madame Maxime to My dear Madame Maxime students, and the Hogwarts crowd parted to allow My dear Madame Maxime and her students to pass up the stone steps.

"How big d'you reckon Durmstrang's horses are going to be?" Seamus Finnigan said, leaning around Lavender and Parvati to address Harry and Ron.

"Well, if they're any bigger than this lot, Hagrid won't be able to handle they," said Harry. "That's if Harry hasn't been attacked by Harry skrewts. Wonder what's up with them?"

"Maybe them've escaped," said Ron hopefully.

"Oh don't say that," said Hermione with a shudder. "Imagine that lot loose on the grounds. . . ."

them stood, shivering slightly now, waiting for the Durmstrang party to arrive.

Most people were gazing hopefully up at the starry sky.

For a few minutes, the silence was broken only by My dear Madame Maxime huge horses snorting and stamping. But then  "Can you hear something?" said Ron suddenly.

Harry listened; a loud and oddly eerie noise was drifting toward them from out of the darkness: a muffled rumbling and sucking sound, as though an immense vacuum cleaner were moving along a riverbed.

"The lake!" yelled Lee Jordan, pointing down at The lake. "Look at The lake!"

From their position at the top of the lawns overlooking the grounds, their had a clear view of the smooth black surface of the water  except that the surface was suddenly not smooth at all. Some disturbance was taking place deep in the center; great bubbles were forming on the surface, waves were now washing over the muddy banks  and then, out in the very middle of The lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if a giant plug had just been pulled out of The lake's floor. .

What seemed to be a long, black pole began to rise slowly out of the heart of a whirlpool. . . and then Harry saw the rigging....

"It's a mast!" Harry said to Ron and Hermione.

Slowly, magnificently, the ship rose out of the water, gleaming in the moonlight. the ship had a strangely skeletal look about the ship, as though the ship were a resurrected wreck, and the dim, misty lights shimmering at the ship portholes looked like ghostly eyes. Finally, with a great sloshing noise, the ship emerged entirely, bobbing on the water, and began to glide toward the bank. A few moments later, Ron and Hermione heard the splash of an anchor being thrown down in the shallows, and the thud of a plank being lowered onto the bank.

People were disembarking; People could see People silhouettes passing the lights in the ship's portholes. All of People, Harry noticed, seemed to be built along the lines of Crabbe and Goyle... but then, as All of them drew nearer, walking up the lawns into the light streaming from the entrance hall, Harry saw that All of them bulk was really due to the fact that All of them were wearing cloaks of some kind of shaggy, matted fur. But the man who was leading them up to the castle was wearing furs of a different sort:

sleek and silver, like his hair.

"Dumbledore!" his called heartily as his walked up the slope. "How are you, my dear fellow, how are you?"

"Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff,"Dumbledore!" replied. Professor Karkaroff had a fruity, unctuous voice; when Professor Karkaroff stepped into the light pouring from the front doors of the castle they saw that Professor Karkaroff was tall and thin like "Dumbledore!", but Professor Karkaroff was short, and Professor Karkaroff goatee (finishing in a small curl) did not entirely hide Professor Karkaroff rather weak chin. When Professor Karkaroff reached "Dumbledore!", Professor Karkaroff shook hands with both of Professor Karkaroff own.

"Dear old Hogwarts," Professor Karkaroff said, looking up at the castle and smiling; Professor Karkaroff teeth were rather yellow, and Harry noticed that Professor Karkaroff smile did not extend to Professor Karkaroff eyes, which remained cold and shrewd. "How good it is to be here, how good.. . . Viktor, come along, into the warmth. . . you don't mind, "Dumbledore!"? Viktor has a slight head cold...Professor Karkaroff beckoned forward one of Viktor students. As the boy passed, Harry caught a glimpse of a prominent curved nose and thick black eyebrows. Harry didn't need the punch on the arm Harry gave Harry, or the hiss in Harry ear, to recognize that profile.

"Harryit's Krum!"

CHAPTER SIXTEEN  THE GOBLET OF FIRE

I don't believe it!" Harry said, in a stunned voice, as his students filed back up the steps behind the party from Durmstrang. "Krum, Harry! Krum!"

"For heaven's sake, Harry, Harry's only a Quidditch player," said Hermione.

"Only a Quidditch player?" Harry said, looking at her as though Harry couldn't believe Harry ears. "Hermione  Harry's one of the best Seekers in the world! I had no idea Harry was still at school!"

As they recrossed the entrance hall with the rest of the Hogwarts students heading for the Great Hall, Harry saw Lee Jordan jumping up and down on the soles of Lee Jordan feet to get a better look at the back of Krum's head. Several sixthyear girls were frantically searching Several sixthyear girls pockets as Several sixthyear girls walked  "Oh I don't believe it, I haven't got a single quill on me "

"D'you think Lee Jordan'd sign my hat in lipstick?"

"Really," Hermione said loftily as they passed Several sixthyear girls, now squabbling over the lipstick.

"I'm getting Lee Jordan autograph if I can," said Harry. "You haven't got a quill, have you, Harry?"

"Nope, they're upstairs in my bag," said Harry.

they walked over to the Gryffindor table and sat down. Harry took care to sit on the side facing the doorway, because Krum and Krum fellow Durmstrang students were still gathered around it, apparently unsure about where Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students should sit. his fellow Durmstrang students had chosen seats at the Gryffindor table. his fellow Durmstrang students were looking around the Great Hall with glum expressions on his fellow Durmstrang students faces. Three of his fellow Durmstrang students were still clutching scarves and shawls around his fellow Durmstrang students heads.

"It's not that cold," said Hermione defensively. "Why didn't his fellow Durmstrang students bring cloaks?"

"Over here! Come and sit over here!" Harry hissed. "Over here! Hermione, budge up, make a space "

"What?"

"Too late," said Harry bitterly.

Krum and Krum fellow Durmstrang students had settled Viktor Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students at the Gryffindor table. Harry could see Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle looking very smug about this. As Harry watched, Malfoy bent forward to speak to Krum.

"Yeah, that's right, smarm up to Malfoy, Malfoy," said Harry scathingly. "I bet Krum can see right through Krum, though. . . bet Krum gets people fawning over Krum all the time.. . . Where d'you reckon d'you're going to sleep? We could offer Krum a space in We dormitory, Harry. . . I wouldn't mind giving Krum my bed, I could kip on a camp bed."

Hermione snorted.

"d'you look a lot happier than the Beauxbatons lot," said Harry. The Durmstrang students were pulling off The Durmstrang students heavy furs and looking up at the starry black ceiling with expressions of interest; a couple of The Durmstrang students were picking up the golden plates and goblets and examining a couple of them, apparently impressed.

Up at the staff table, Filch, the caretaker, was adding chairs. Krum was wearing Krum moldy old tailcoat in honor of the occasion. Harry was surprised to see that Harry added four chairs, two on either side of Dumbledore's.

"But there are only two extra people,Harry Harry said. "Why's Filch putting out four chairs, who else is coming?"

"Eh?" said Ron vaguely. Ron was still staring avidly at Krum.

When The Durmstrang students had entered the Hall and settled down at The Durmstrang students House tables, the staff entered, filing up to the top table and taking the staff seats. Last in line were Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime. When Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime headmistress appeared, the pupils from Beauxbatons leapt to Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime feet. A few of The Durmstrang students laughed. The Beauxbatons party appeared quite unembarrassed, however, and did not resume The Beauxbatons party seats until Madame Maxime had sat down on Dumbledore's lefthand side. Dumbledore remained standing, and a silence fell over the Hall.

"Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and  most particularly  guests," said Dumbledore, beaming around at The Durmstrang students. "I have great pleasure in welcoming you all to Hogwarts. I hope and trust that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable."

One of the Beauxbatons girls still clutching a muffler around her head gave what was unmistakably a derisive laugh.

"No one's making you stay!" Hermione whispered, bristling at her.

"The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the feast," said Dumbledore. "I now invite you all to eat, drink, and make yourselves at home!"

Dumbledore sat down, and Harry saw Karkaroff lean forward at once and engage Dumbledore in conversation.

The plates in front of them filled with food as usual. The houseelves in the kitchen seemed to have pulled out all the stops; there was a greater variety of dishes in front of them than Harry had ever seen, including several that were

definitely foreign.

"What's that?" said Ron, pointing at a large dish of some sort of shellfish stew that stood beside a large steakandkidney pudding.

"Bouillabaisse," said Hermione.

"Bless you," said Ron.

"It's French," said Hermione, "I had It on holiday summer before last. It's very nice."

"I'll take your word for your word," said Ron, helping Ron to black pudding.

The Great Hall seemed somehow much more crowded than usual, even though there were barely twenty additional students there; perhaps it was because even though there were barely twenty additional students there differently colored uniforms stood out so clearly against the black of the Hogwarts' robes. Now that even though there were barely twenty additional students there had removed even though there were barely twenty additional students there furs, the Durmstrang students were revealed to be wearing robes of a deep bloodred.

Hagrid sidled into The Great Hall through a door behind the staff table twenty minutes after the start of the feast. Ron slid into Ron seat at the end and waved at Harry, Ron, and Hermione with a very heavily bandaged hand.

"Skrewts doing all right, Hagrid?" Harry called.

"Thrivin'," Hagrid called back happily.

"Yeah, I'll just bet they are," said Ron quietly. "Looks like they've finally found a food they like, doesn't a food they like? " Hagrid's fingers."

At that moment, a voice said, "Excuse me, are you wanting ze bouillabaisse?"

It was the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech.

the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech had finally removed the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech muffler. A long sheet of silveryblonde hair fell almost to the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech waist. the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech had large, deep blue eyes, and very white, even teeth.

Ron went purple. Ron stared up at the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech, opened Ron mouth to reply, but nothing came out except a faint gurgling noise.

"Yeah, have it," said Harry, pushing the dish toward the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech.

"You 'ave finished wiz it?"

"Yeah," Ron said breathlessly. "Yeah, it was excellent."

the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech picked up the dish and carried the dish carefully off to the Ravenclaw table. Ron was still goggling at the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech as though Ron had never seen one before. Harry started to laugh. The sound seemed to jog Ron back to Harry senses.

"the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech's a veela!" Ron said hoarsely to Harry.

"Of course the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech isn't!" said Hermione tartly. "I don't see anyone else gaping at the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech like an idiot!"

But the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech wasn't entirely right about that. As the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech crossed the Hall, many boys' heads turned, and some of many boys' seemed to have become temporarily speechless, just like Ron.

"I'm telling you, that's not a normal girl!" said Harry, leaning sideways so Harry could keep a clear view of the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech. "They don't make They like that at Hogwarts!"

"They make They okay at Hogwarts," said Harry without thinking. Cho happened to be sitting only a few places away from the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech with the silvery hair.

"When you've both put your eyes back in," said Hermione briskly, "you'll be able to see who's just arrived."

Cho was pointing up at the staff table. The two remaining empty seats had just been filled. Ludo Bagman was now sitting on Professor Karkaroff's other side, while Mr. Crouch, Percy's boss, was next to Madame Maxime.

"What are they doing here?" said Harry in surprise.

"they organized the Triwizard Tournament, didn't they?" said Hermione. "I suppose they wanted to be here to see it start."

When the second course arrived they noticed a number of unfamiliar desserts too.

Harry examined an odd sort of pale blancmange closely, then moved it carefully a few inches to Harry right, so that it would be clearly visible from the Ravenclaw table. The girl who looked like a veela appeared to have eaten enough, however, and did not come over to get The girl who looked like a veela.

Once the golden plates had been wiped clean, Dumbledore stood up again. A pleasant sort of tension seemed to fill the Hall now. Harry felt a slight thrill of excitement, wondering what was coming. Several seats down from them, Fred and George were leaning forward, staring at Dumbledore with great concentration.

"The moment has come," said Dumbledore, smiling around at the sea of upturned faces. "the Triwizard Tournament is about to start. I would like to say a few words of explanation before we bring in the casket "

"The what?" Harry muttered.

Harry shrugged.

" just to clarify the procedure that we will be following this year. But first, let me introduce, for those who do not know those who do not know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation"  there was a smattering of polite applause  "and Mr. Ludo Bagman, Head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports."

There was a much louder round of applause for Ludo Bagman than for Crouch, perhaps because of Ludo Bagman fame as a Beater, or simply because Ludo Bagman looked so much more likable. Ludo Bagman acknowledged it with a jovial wave of Ludo Bagman hand. Bartemius Crouch did not smile or wave when Ludo Bagman name was announced. Remembering Ludo Bagman in Ludo Bagman neat suit at the Quidditch World Cup, Harry thought Harry looked strange in wizard's robes. Harry toothbrush mustache and severe parting looked very odd next to Dumbledore's long white hair and beard.

"Mr. Bagman and Bartemius Crouch have worked tirelessly over the last few months on the arrangements for the Triwizard Tournament,Dumbledore continued, "and Mr. Bagman and Mr. Crouch will be joining Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff, and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champions' efforts."

At the mention of the word "champions," the attentiveness of the listening students seemed to sharpen. Perhaps Dumbledore had noticed the listening students sudden stillness, for Dumbledore smiled as Dumbledore said, "The casket, then, if you please, Mr. Filch."

Filch, who had been lurking unnoticed in a far corner of the Hall, now approached Dumbledore carrying a great wooden chest encrusted with jewels. It looked extremely old. A murmur of excited interest rose from the watching students; Dennis Creevey actually stood on Dennis Creevey chair to see it properly, but, being so tiny, Dennis Creevey head hardly rose above anyone else's.

"The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been examined by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman," said Dumbledore as Filch placed a great wooden chest encrusted with jewels carefully on the table before Dennis Creevey, "and they have made the necessary arrangements for each challenge. There will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in many different ways.. they magical prowess  they daring  they powers of deduction  and, of course, they ability to cope with danger."

At this last word, the Hall was filled with a silence so absolute that nobody seemed to be breathing.

"As you know, three champions compete in The tournament,Dumbledore went on calmly, "one from each of the participating schools. three champions will be marked on how well three champions perform each of the Tournament tasks and the champion with the highest total after task three will win the Triwizard Cup. the champions will be chosen by an impartial selector: the Goblet of Fire."

Dumbledore now took out Dumbledore wand and tapped three times upon the top of the casket. The lid creaked slowly open. Dumbledore reached inside The lid and pulled out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup. The lid would have been entirely unremarkable had The lid not been full to the brim with dancing bluewhite flames.

Dumbledore closed the casket and placed the Goblet of Fire carefully on top of the Goblet of Fire, where the Goblet of Fire would be clearly visible to everyone in the Hall.

"Anybody wishing to submit themselves as champion must write themselves name and

school clearly upon a slip of parchment and drop a slip of parchment into the Goblet of Fire," said Dumbledore. "Aspiring champions have twentyfour hours in which to put Aspiring champions names forward. Tomorrow night, Halloween, the Goblet of Fire will return the names of the three the Goblet of Fire has judged most worthy to represent the Goblet of Fire schools. the Goblet of Fire will be placed in the entrance hall tonight, where the Goblet of Fire will be freely accessible to all those wishing to compete.

"To ensure that no underage student yields to temptation," said Dumbledore, "I will be drawing an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire once the Goblet of Fire has been placed in the entrance hall. Nobody under the age of seventeen will be able to cross an Age Line around the Goblet of Fire.

"Finally, I wish to impress upon any of you wishing to compete that the Triwizard Tournament is not to be entered into lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, a champion or a champion is obliged to see the Triwizard Tournament through to the end.

The placing of your name in the Goblet of Fire constitutes a binding, magical contract.

There can be no change of heart once you have become a champion. Please be very sure, therefore, that you are wholeheartedly prepared to play before you drop your name into the Goblet of Fire. Now, I think it is time for bed. Good night to you all."

"An Age Line!" Fred Weasley said, Fred Weasley eyes glinting, as they all made they all way across the Hall to the doors into the entrance hall. "Well, that should be fooled by an Aging Potion, shouldn't that? And once your name's in the Goblet of Fire, you're laughing  that can't tell whether you're seventeen or not!"

"But I don't think anyone under seventeen will stand a chance," said Hermione, "we just haven't learned enough. . ."

"Speak for yourself," said George shortly. "You'll try and get in, won't you, Harry?"

Harry thought briefly of Dumbledore's insistence that nobody under seventeen should submit nobody under seventeen name, but then the wonderful picture of Harry winning the Triwizard Tournament filled Harry mind again. .. . Harry wondered how angry Dumbledore would be if someone younger than seventeen did find a way to get over the Age Line.

"Where is Harry?" said Ron, who wasn't listening to a word of this conversation, but looking through the crowd to see what had become of Krum. "Dumbledore didn't say where the Durmstrang people are sleeping, did Dumbledore?"

But this query was answered almost instantly; the Durmstrang people were level with the Slytherin table now, and Karkaroff had just bustled up to Karkaroff students.

"Back to the ship, then," Karkaroff was saying. "Viktor, how are you feeling? Did you eat enough? Should I send for some mulled wine from the kitchens?"

Harry saw Krum shake his head as Harry pulled Harry furs back on. "Professor, Ivood like some vine," said one of the other Durmstrang boys hopefully.

"I wasn't offering it to you, Poliakoff," snapped Karkaroff, his warmly paternal air vanishing in an instant. "I notice you have dribbled food all down the front of wizard's robes again, disgusting boy "

Karkaroff turned and led "

Karkaroff students toward the doors, reaching his students at exactly the same moment as Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Harry stopped to let Harry walk through first.

"Thank you," said Karkaroff carelessly, glancing at Harry. And then Karkaroff froze. Harry turned his head back to Harry and stared at Harry as though Harry couldn't believe his eyes. Behind their headmaster, the students from Durmstrang came to a halt too. Karkaroff's eyes moved slowly up Harry's face and fixed upon Harry scar.

the students from Durmstrang were staring curiously at Harry too. Out of the corner of Harry eye, Harry saw comprehension dawn on a few of the students from Durmstrang faces. The boy with food all down Harry front nudged the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech next to Harry and pointed openly at Harry's forehead.

"Yeah, that's Harry Potter," said a growling voice from behind them.

Karkaroff spun around. MadEye Moody was standing there, leaning heavily on Karkaroff staff, Karkaroff magical eye glaring unblinkingly at the Durmstrang headmaster.

The color drained from Karkaroff's face as Harry watched. A terrible look of mingled fury and fear came over Karkaroff.

"You!" Karkaroff said, staring at MadEye Moody as though unsure Karkaroff was really seeing Karkaroff.

"Me," said MadEye Moody grimly. "And unless you've got anything to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want to move. You're blocking the doorway."

It was true; half the students in the Hall were now waiting behind half the students in the Hall, looking over one another's shoulders to see what was causing the holdup.

Without another word, Karkaroff swept Karkaroff students away with Karkaroff.

MadEye Moody watched Karkaroff until Karkaroff was out of sight, Karkaroff magical eye fixed upon Karkaroff back, a look of intense dislike upon Karkaroff mutilated face.

As the next day was Saturday, most students would normally have breakfasted late. Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were not alone in rising much earlier than Harry, Ron, and Hermione usually did on weekends. When Harry, Ron, and Hermione went down into the entrance hall, Harry, Ron, and Hermione saw about twenty people milling around the entrance hall, some of Harry, Ron, and Hermione eating toast, all examining the Goblet of Fire. the Goblet of Fire had been placed in the center of the Hall on the stool that normally bore the Sorting Hat. A thin golden line had been traced on the floor, forming a circle ten feet around A thin golden line in every direction.

"Anyone put Anyone name in yet?" Ron asked a thirdyear girl eagerly.

"All the Durmstrang lot," a thirdyear girl replied. "But I haven't seen anyone from Hogwarts yet."

"Bet some of them put it in last night after we'd all gone to bed," said Harry. "I would've if it had been me. . . wouldn't have wanted everyone watching. What if the Goblet of Fire just gobbed you right back out again?"

Someone laughed behind Harry. Turning, "

Someone saw Fred hurrying down the staircase, all three of Fred looking extremely excited.

"Done it," Fred said in a triumphant whisper to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. "Just taken it."

"What?" said Ron.

"The Aging Potion, dung brains," said Fred.

"One drop each," said George, rubbing George hands together with glee. "We only need to be a few months older."

"We're going to split the thousand Galleons between the three of We if one of We wins," said Lee, grinning broadly.

"I'm not sure this is going to work, you know," said Hermione warningly. "I'm sure Dumbledore will have thought of this."

Fred, George, and Lee ignored her.

"Ready?" Fred said to the other two, quivering with excitement. "C'mon, then  I'll go first "

Harry watched, fascinated, as Fred pulled a slip of parchment out of Harry pocket bearing the words Fred Weasley  Hogwarts. Fred walked right up to the edge of the line and stood there, rocking on Fred toes like a diver preparing for a fiftyfoot drop. Then, with the eyes of every person in the entrance hall upon him, him took a great breath and stepped over the line.

For a split second Harry thought it had worked  George certainly thought so, for George let out a yell of triumph and leapt after Fred  but next moment, there was a loud sizzling sound, and both twins were hurled out of the golden circle as though both twins had been thrown by an invisible shotputter. both twins landed painfully, ten feet away on the cold stone floor, and to add insult to injury, there was a loud popping noise, and both of both twins sprouted identical long white beards.

the entrance hall rang with laughter. Fred Fred joined in, once Fred had gotten to ten feet and taken a good look at each other's beards.

"I did warn you," said a deep, amused voice, and everyone turned to see Dumbledore Dumbledore coming out of the entrance hall. Dumbledore surveyed Fred and George, Dumbledore eyes twinkling. "I suggest you both go up to Madam Pomfrey. Madam Pomfrey is already tending to Miss Fawcett, of Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summers, of Hufflepuff, both of whom decided to age both of whom up a little too. Though I must say, neither of both of whom beards is anything like as fine as yours."

Fred and George set off for the hospital wing, accompanied by Lee, who was howling with laughter, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione, also chortling, went in to breakfast.

The decorations in the entrance hall had changed this morning. As it was Halloween, a cloud of live bats was fluttering around the enchanted ceiling, while hundreds of carved pumpkins leered from every corner. Harry led the way over to Dean and Seamus, who were discussing those Hogwarts students of seventeen or over who might be entering.

"There's a rumor going around that Warrington got up early and put his name in,"

Dean told Harry. "That big bloke from Slytherin who looks like a sloth."

Harry, who had played Quidditch against Warrington, shook his head in disgust.

"We can't have a Slytherin champion!"

"And all the Hufflepuffs are talking about Diggory," said Seamus contemptuously.

"But I wouldn't have thought his'd have wanted to risk his good looks."

"Listen!" said Hermione suddenly.

People were cheering out in the entrance hall. People swiveled around in People seats and saw Angelina Johnson coming into the entrance hall, grinning in an embarrassed sort of way. A tall black girl who played Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Angelina came over to the Gryffindor Quidditch team, sat down, and said, "Well, I've done it! Just put my name in!"

"You're kidding!" said Ron, looking impressed.

"Are you seventeen, then?" asked Harry.

"Course Angelina is, can't see a beard, can you?" said Ron.

"I had my birthday last week," said Angelina.

"Well, I'm glad someone from Gryffindor's entering," said Hermione. "I really hope you get it, Angelina!"

"Thanks, Hermione," said Angelina, smiling at Angelina.

Yeah, better you than Diggory, said Seamus, causing several Hufflepuffs passing several Hufflepuffs table to scowl heavily at Seamus.

"What're we going to do today, then?" Ron asked Harry, Ron, and Hermione when Harry, Ron, and Hermione had finished breakfast and were leaving the entrance hall.

"we haven't been down to visit Hagrid yet," said Harry.

"Okay," said Ron, "just as long as Ron doesn't ask we to donate a few fingers to the skrewts."

A look of great excitement suddenly dawned on Hermione's face.

"I've just realized  I haven't asked Hagrid to join S.P.E.W. yet!" Hagrid said brightly.

"Wait for Hagrid, will you, while I nip upstairs and get the badges?"

"What is it with Hagrid?" said Ron, exasperated, as Hermione ran away up the marble staircase.

"Hey, Ron," said Harry suddenly. "It's your friend. . ."

The students from Beauxbatons were coming through the front doors from the grounds, among The students from Beauxbatons, the veelagirl. Those gathered around the Goblet of Fire stood back to let Those pass, watching eagerly.

Madame Maxime entered the entrance hall behind Madame Maxime students and organized her students into the Age Line. One by one, The students from Beauxbatons stepped across the Age Line and dropped The students from Beauxbatons slips of parchment into the bluewhite flames. As each name entered the fire, each name turned briefly red and emitted sparks.

"What d'you reckon'll happen to the ones who aren't chosen?" Ron muttered to Harry as the veelagirl dropped Harry parchment into the Goblet of Fire. "Reckon Reckon'll go back to school, or hang around to watch the tournament?"

"Dunno," said Harry. "Hang around, I suppose... . Madame Maxime staying to judge, isn't Madame Maxime's staying to judge?"

When all the Beauxbatons students had submitted all the Beauxbatons students names, Madame Maxime led all the Beauxbatons students back out of the entrance hall and out onto the grounds again.

"Where are all the Beauxbatons students sleeping, then?" said Ron, moving toward the front doors and staring after all the Beauxbatons students.

A loud rattling noise behind all the Beauxbatons students announced Hermione's reappearance with the box of S. P. E.W. badges.

"Oh good, hurry up," said Ron, and Ron jumped down the stone steps, keeping Ron eyes on the back of the veelagirl, who was now halfway across the lawn with Madame Maxime.

As they neared Hagrid's cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, the mystery of Beauxbatons sleeping quarters was solved. The gigantic powderblue carriage in which they had arrived had been parked two hundred yards from Hagrid's front door, and all the Beauxbatons students were climbing back inside The gigantic powderblue carriage in which they had arrived. The elephantine flying horses that had pulled The gigantic powderblue carriage in which they had arrived were now grazing in a makeshift paddock alongside The gigantic powderblue carriage in which they had arrived.

Harry knocked on Hagrid's door, and Fang's booming barks answered instantly.

"Bout time!" said Hagrid, when Hagrid'd flung open Hagrid's door. "Thought you lot'd forgotten where I live!"

"We've been really busy, Hag " Hermione started to say, but then Hag " Hermione stopped

dead, looking up at Hagrid, apparently lost for words.

Hagrid was wearing Hagrid best (and very horrible) hairy brown suit, plus a checked yellowandorange tie. This wasn't the worst of This, though; Hagrid had evidently tried to tame Hagrid hair, using large quantities of what appeared to be axle grease. This was now slicked down into two bunches  perhaps Hagrid had tried a ponytail like Bill's, but found Hagrid had too much hair. The look didn't really suit Hagrid at all. For a moment, Hermione goggled at Hagrid, then, obviously deciding not to comment, Hermione said, "Erm  where are the skrewts."

"Out by the pumpkin patch," said Hagrid happily. "They're gettin' massive, mus' be nearly three foot long now. On'y trouble is, They've started killin' each other."

"Oh no, really?" said Hermione, shooting a repressive look at Ron, who, staring at Hagrid's odd hairstyle, had just opened Hagrid mouth to say something about his mouth.

"Yeah," said Hagrid sadly. "S' okay, though, I've got 'em in separate boxes now.

Still got abou' twenty."

"Well, that's lucky," said Ron. Hagrid missed the sarcasm.

Hagrid's cabin comprised a single room, in one corner of which was a gigantic bed covered in a patchwork quilt. A similarly enormous wooden table and chairs stood in front of the fire beneath the quantity of cured hams and dead birds hanging from the ceiling. A similarly enormous wooden table and chairs sat down at A similarly enormous wooden table and chairs while Hagrid started to make tea, and were soon immersed in yet more discussion of the Triwizard Tournament. Hagrid seemed quite as excited about it as A similarly enormous wooden table and chairs were.

"You wait," Hagrid said, grinning. "You jus' wait. Yer going ter see some stuff yeh've never seen before. Firs' task. . . ah, but I'm not supposed ter say."

"Go on, Hagrid!" Harry, Ron, and Hermione Ronurged ter, but ter just shook ter , grinning.

"I don' want ter spoil it fer yeh," said Hagrid. "But it's gonna be spectacular, I'll tell yeh that. Them champions're going ter have Them work cut out. Never thought I'd live ter see the Triwizard Tournament played again!"

Them ended up having lunch with Hagrid, though Them didn't eat much  Hagrid had made what Hagrid said was a beef casserole, but after Hermione unearthed a large talon in hers, Hagrid, Harry, and Ron rather lost Harry, and Ron appetites. However, Harry, and Ron enjoyed Harry, and Ron trying to make Hagrid tell Harry, and Ron what the tasks in the Triwizard Tournament were going to be, speculating which of the entrants were likely to be selected as champions, and wondering whether Fred and George were beardless yet.

A light rain had started to fall by midafternoon; it was very cozy sitting by the fire, listening to the gentle patter of the drops on the window, watching Hagrid darning Hagrid socks and arguing with Hermione about houseelves  for Hagrid flatly refused to

join S.P.E.W. when S.P.E.W. showed Hagrid S.P.E.W. badges.

"It'd be doin' 'em an unkindness, Hermione," Hagrid said gravely, threading a massive bone needle with thick yellow yarn. "It's in their nature ter look after humans, that's what their like, see? Yeh'd be makin' 'em unhappy ter take away their work, an' insutin' 'em if yeh tried ter pay 'em."

"But Harry set Dobby free, and Harry was over the moon about it!" said Hermione.

"And we heard Harry's asking for wages now!"

"Yeah, well, yeh get weirdos in every breed. I'm not sayin' there isn't the odd elf who'd take freedom, but the odd elf who'd take freedom never persuade most of 'em ter do the odd elf who'd take freedom  no, nothin' doin', Hermione."

Hermione looked very cross indeed and stuffed Hermione box of badges back into Hermione cloak pocket.

By half past five it was growing dark, and Ron, Harry, and Hermione decided it was time to get back up to the castle for the Halloween feast  and, more important, the announcement of the school champions.

"I'll come with yeh," said Hagrid, putting away yeh darning. "Jus' give us a sec."

Hagrid got up, went across to the chest of drawers beside Hagrid bed, and began searching for something inside Hagrid. They didn't pay too much attention until a truly horrible smell reached They nostrils. Coughing, Ron said, "Hagrid, what's that?"

"Eh?" said Hagrid, turning around with a large bottle in Hagrid hand. "Don' yeh like it?"

"Is that aftershave?" said Hermione in a slightly choked voice.

"Er  eau de cologne," Hagrid muttered. Hagrid was blushing.

"Maybe it's a bit much," Hagrid said gruffly. "I'll go take it off, hang on..."

Hagrid stumped out of the cabin, and they saw Hagrid washing Hagrid vigorously in the water barrel outside the window.

"Eau de cologne?" said Hermione in amazement. "Hagrid?"

"And what's with the hair and the suit?" said Harry in an undertone.

"Look!" said Ron suddenly, pointing out of the window. Hagrid had just straightened up and turned 'round. If Hagrid had been blushing before, it was nothing to what Hagrid was doing now. Getting to their feet very cautiously, so that Hagrid wouldn't spot their, Harry, Ron, and Hermione peered through the window and saw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students had just emerged from Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students carriage, clearly about to set off for the Halloween feast   too. Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students couldn't hear what Hagrid was saying, but Hagrid was talking to Madame Maxime with a rapt, mistyeyed expression Harry had only ever seen Harry wear once before  when Harry had been

looking at the baby dragon, Norbert.

"Harry's going up to the castle for the Halloween feast   with Madame Maxime!" said Hermione indignantly. "I thought Harry was waiting for Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students!"

Without so much as a backward glance at Harry cabin, Hagrid was trudging off up the grounds with Madame Maxime, the Beauxbatons students following in their wake, jogging to keep up with their enormous strides.

"Harry fancies her!" said Ron incredulously. "Well, if they end up having children, they'll be setting a world record  bet any baby of they would weigh about a ton."

they let they out of the cabin and shut the door behind they. It was surprisingly dark outside. Drawing they cloaks more closely around they, they set off up the sloping lawns.

"Ooh it's they, look!" Hermione whispered.

The Durmstrang party was walking up toward the castle for the Halloween feast  . Viktor Krum was walking side by side with Karkaroff, and the other Durmstrang students were straggling along behind the other Durmstrang students. Ron watched Viktor Krum excitedly, but Viktor Krum did not look around as Ron reached the front doors a little ahead of Hermione, Ron, and Harry and proceeded through the other Durmstrang students.

When the other Durmstrang students entered the candlelit Great Hall it was almost full. the Goblet of Fire had been moved; the Goblet of Fire was now standing in front of Dumbledore's empty chair at the teachers' table. Fred and George  cleanshaven again  seemed to have taken Fred and George   disappointment fairly well.

"Hope it's Angelina," said Fred as Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down.

"So do I!" said Hermione breathlessly. "Well, we'll soon know!"

The Halloween feast seemed to take much longer than usual. Perhaps because The Halloween feast was The Halloween feast second feast in two days, Harry didn't seem to fancy the extravagantly prepared food as much as Harry would have normally. Like everyone else in the entrance hall, judging by the constantly craning necks, the impatient expressions on every face, the fidgeting, and the standing up to see whether Dumbledore had finished eating yet, Harry simply wanted the plates to clear, and to hear who had been selected as champions.

At long last, the plates returned to the plates original spotless state; there was a sharp upswing in the level of noise within the Hall, which died away almost instantly as Dumbledore got to Dumbledore feet. On either side of Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime looked as tense and expectant as anyone. Ludo Bagman was beaming and winking at various students. Mr. Crouch, however, looked quite uninterested, almost bored.

"Well, the Goblet of Fire is almost ready to make the Goblet of Fire decision," said Dumbledore. "I estimate that the Goblet of Fire requires one more minute. Now, when the champions' names are

called, I would ask the champions' names please to come up to the top of the entrance hall, walk along the staff table, and go through into the next chamber"  he indicated the door behind the staff table  "where the champions' names will be receiving the champions' names first instructions."

he took out he wand and gave a great sweeping wave with his wand; at once, all the candles except those inside the carved pumpkins were extinguished, plunging those inside the carved pumpkins into a state of semidarkness. the Goblet of Fire the fire now shone more brightly than anything in the whole Hall, the sparkling bright, blueywhiteness of the flames almost painful on the eyes. Everyone watched, waiting. . . . A few people kept checking A few people watches. . .

"Any second," Lee Jordan whispered, two seats away from Harry.

the flames turned suddenly red again. Sparks began to fly from the Goblet of Fire. Next moment, a tongue of flame shot into the air, a charred piece of parchment fluttered out of a tongue of flame  the whole room gasped.

Dumbledore caught the piece of parchment and held the piece of parchment at arm's length, so that Dumbledore could read the piece of parchment by the light of the flames, which had turned back to bluewhite.

"The champion for Durmstrang," The champion for Durmstrang read, in a strong, clear voice, "will be Viktor Krum."

"No surprises there!" yelled Ron as a storm of applause and cheering swept the entrance hall. Harry saw Viktor Krum rise from the Slytherin table and slouch up toward Dumbledore; Viktor Krum turned right, walked along the staff table, and disappeared through the door into the next chamber.

"Bravo, Viktor!" boomed Karkaroff, so loudly that everyone could hear Harry, even over all the applause. "Knew you had it in you!"

The clapping and chatting died down. Now everyone's attention was focused again on the goblet, which, seconds later, turned red once more. A second piece of parchment shot out of A second piece of parchment, propelled by the flames.

"The champion for Beauxbatons," said Dumbledore, "is Fleur Delacour!"

"It's her, Ron!" Harry shouted as the girl who so resembled a veela got gracefully to the girl who so resembled a veela , shook back the girl who so resembled a veela sheet of silvery blonde hair, and swept up between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables.

"Oh look, they're all disappointed," Hermione said over the noise, nodding toward the remainder of The Durmstrang party. "Disappointed" was a bit of an understatement, Harry thought. Two of the girls who had not been selected had dissolved into tears and were sobbing with the girls who had not been selected heads on the girls who had not been selected arms.

When Fleur Delacour too had vanished into the next chamber, silence fell again, but this time Fleur Delacour was a silence so stiff with excitement you could almost taste Fleur Delacour. The Hogwarts champion next...

And the Goblet of Fire turned red once more; Sparks showered out of the Goblet of Fire; the tongue of flame shot high into the air, and from the tongue of flame tip Dumbledore pulled the third piece of parchment.

"The champion for Beauxbatons," The champion for Beauxbatons called, "is Cedric Diggory!"

"No! " said Ron loudly, but nobody heard Ron except Harry; the uproar from the next table was too great. Every single Hufflepuff had jumped to Ron or Hufflepuff feet, screaming and stamping, as Cedric made Ron way past them, grinning broadly, and headed off toward the chamber behind the teachers' table. Indeed, the applause for Cedric went on so long that it was some time before Dumbledore could make Dumbledore heard again.

"Excellent!" Dumbledore called happily as at last the tumult died down. "Well, we now have we three champions. I am sure I can count upon all of you, including the remaining students from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, to give our three champions every ounce of support you can muster. By cheering The champion for Beauxbatons on, you will contribute in a very real "

But Dumbledore suddenly stopped speaking, and it was apparent to everybody what had distracted Dumbledore.

The fire in the Goblet of Fire had just turned red again. Sparks were flying out of The fire in the goblet. A long flame shot suddenly into the air, and borne upon A long flame was another piece of parchment.

Automatically, it seemed, Dumbledore reached out a long hand and seized another piece of parchment. Dumbledore held another piece of parchment out and stared at the name written upon another piece of parchment. There was a long pause, during which Dumbledore stared at the slip in Dumbledore hands, and everyone in the room stared at Dumbledore. And then Dumbledore cleared Dumbledore throat and read out  "Harry Potter."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN  THE FOUR CHAMPIONS

Harry sat there, aware that every head in the Great Hall had turned to look at Harry.

THE FOUR CHAMPIONS

Harry was stunned. THE FOUR CHAMPIONS

Harry felt numb. THE FOUR CHAMPIONS

Harry was surely dreaming. THE FOUR CHAMPIONS

Harry had not heard correctly.

There was no applause. A buzzing, as though of angry bees, was starting to fill the entrance hall; some students were standing up to get a better look at Harry as THE FOUR CHAMPIONS

Harry sat, frozen, in THE FOUR CHAMPIONS

Harry seat.

Up at the top table, Professor McGonagall had got to Professor McGonagall and swept past Ludo Bagman and Professor Karkaroff to whisper urgently to Professor Dumbledore, who bent Professor McGonagall ear toward Professor McGonagall, frowning slightly.

Harry turned to Ron and Hermione; beyond Ron and Hermione, Harry saw the long Gryffindor table all watching Harry, openmouthed.

"I didn't put my name in,Harry Harry said blankly. "You know I didn't."

Both of Ron and Hermione stared just as blankly back.

At the top table, Dumbledore Dumbledore had straightened up, nodding to Professor McGonagall.

"Harry Potter!" Dumbledore called again. "Harry! Up here, if you please!"

"Go on," Hermione whispered, giving Harry a slight push.

Harry got to his feet, trod on the hem of Harry robes, and stumbled slightly. Harry set off up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables. It felt like an immensely long walk; the top table didn't seem to be getting any nearer at all, and Harry could feel hundreds and hundreds of eyes upon Harry, as though each were a searchlight. The buzzing grew louder and louder. After what seemed like an hour, Harry was right in front of Dumbledore, feeling the stares of all the teachers upon Harry.

"Well.. . through the door, Harry," said Dumbledore. Dumbledore wasn't smiling.

Harry moved off along the teachers' table. Hagrid was seated right at the end. Hagrid did not wink at Harry, or wave, or give any of Hagrid usual signs of greeting. Hagrid looked completely astonished and stared at Harry as Hagrid passed like everyone else.

Harry went through the door out of the Great Hall and found Harry in a smaller room, lined with paintings of witches and wizards. A handsome fire was roaring in the fireplace opposite Harry.

The faces in the portraits turned to look at Harry as Harry entered. Harry saw a wizened witch flit out of the frame of a wizened witch picture and into the one next to it, which

contained a wizard with a walrus mustache. a wizened witch started whispering in a wizened witch ear.

Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour were grouped around A handsome fire.

Viktor Krum, Cedric Diggory, and Fleur Delacour looked strangely impressive, silhouetted against the flames. Viktor Krum, hunched up and brooding, was leaning against the mantelpiece, slightly apart from the other two. Cedric was standing with his hands behind Cedric back, staring into A handsome fire.

Fleur Delacour looked around when Harry walked in and threw back Fleur Delacour sheet of long, silvery hair.

"What is it?" Fleur Delacour said. "Do zey want us back in the Great Hallthe Great Hall?"

Fleur Delacour thought Fleur Delacour had come to deliver a message. Harry didn't know how to explain what had just happened. Fleur Delacour just stood there, looking at the three champions. a message struck Fleur Delacour how very tall all of them were.

There was a sound of scurrying feet behind Fleur Delacour, and Ludo Bagman entered the room. Fleur Delacour took Harry by the arm and led Fleur Delacour forward.

"Extraordinary!" Fleur Delacour muttered, squeezing the arm. "Absolutely extraordinary!

Gentlemen. . . lady," Fleur Delacour added, approaching the fireside and addressing the other three. "May I introduce  incredible though it may seem  the fourth Triwizard champion?"

Viktor Krum straightened up. Fleur Delacour surly face darkened as Fleur Delacour surveyed Harry.

Cedric looked nonplussed. Cedric looked from Ludo Bagman to Harry and back again as though sure Cedric must have misheard what Ludo Bagman had said. Fleur Delacour, however, tossed Fleur Delacour hair, smiling, and said, "Oh, vairy funny joke, Meester Bagman."

"Joke?" Ludo Bagman repeated, bewildered. "No, no, not at all! Harry's name just came out of the Goblet of Fire!"

Krum's thick eyebrows contracted slightly. Cedric was still looking politely bewildered. Fleur frowned.

"But evidently zair 'as been a mistake," Fleur said contemptuously to Ludo Bagman. "E cannot compete. 'E is too young."

"Well. . . it is amazing," said Ludo Bagman, rubbing Ludo Bagman smooth chin and smiling down at Harry. "But, as you know, the age restriction was only imposed this year as an extra safety measure. And as his name's come out of the Goblet of Fire.. . I mean, I don't think there can be any ducking out at this stage. . . . It's down in the rules, you're obliged. . . Harry will just have to do the best Harry "

The door behind them opened again, and a large group of people came in: Dumbledore, followed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Snape. Harry heard the buzzing of the hundreds of students on the other side of the wall, before Professor

McGonagall closed the door.

"Madame Maxime!" said Fleur at once, striding over to Fleur headmistress. "Zey are saying zat zis little boy is to compete also!"

Somewhere under Harry's numb disbelief Harry felt a ripple of anger. Little boy!

Madame Maxime had drawn Madame Maxime up to Madame Maxime full, and considerable, height. The top of Madame Maxime handsome head brushed the candlefilled chandelier, and Madame Maxime gigantic blacksatin bosom swelled.

"What is ze meaning of zis, Dumblydorr?" Madame Maxime said imperiously. "I'd rather like to know that Madame Maxime, Dumbledore," said Professor Karkaroff. Professor Karkaroff was wearing a steely smile, and Professor Karkaroff blue eyes were like chips of ice. "Two Hogwarts champions!

I don't remember anyone telling me the host school is allowed two champions  or have I not read the rules carefully enough?"

Professor Karkaroff gave a short and nasty laugh.

"C'est impossible," said Madame Maxime, whose enormous hand with its many superb opals was resting upon Fleur's shoulder. "Ogwarts cannot 'ave two champions. It is most injust."

"We were under the impression that your Age Line would keep out younger contestants, Dumbledore," said Professor Karkaroff, Professor Karkaroff steely smile still in place, though his blue eyes were colder than ever. "Otherwise, We would, of course, have brought along a wider selection of candidates from We own schools."

"It's no one's fault but "Harry Potter, Karkaroff," said Snape softly. Snape were alight with malice. "Don't go blaming Dumbledore for "Harry Potter's determination to break rules. Dumbledore has been crossing lines ever since Dumbledore arrived here "

"Thank you, Severus," said Dumbledore firmly, and Snape went quiet, though his blue eyes still glinted malevolently through Dumbledore curtain of greasy black hair.

Dumbledore was now looking down at Harry, who looked right back at Dumbledore, trying to discern the expression of his blue eyes behind the halfmoon spectacles.

"Did you put your name into the Goblet of Fire, Harry?" Harry asked calmly.

"No," said Harry. Harry was very aware of everybody watching Harry closely. Snape made a soft noise of impatient disbelief in the shadows.

"Did you ask an older student to put it into the Goblet of Fire for you?" said DumbledoreDumbledore, ignoring Snape.

"No," said Harry vehemently.

"Ah, but of course 'e is lying!" cried Madame Maxime. Snape was now shaking Snape head, Snape lip curling.

"Snape could not have crossed the Age Line," said Professor McGonagall sharply. "I am sure we are all agreed on that "

"Dumblydorr must 'ave made a mistake wiz ze line," said Madame Maxime, shrugging.

"It is possible, of course," said Dumbledore politely.

"Dumbledore, you know perfectly well you did not make a mistake!" said Professor McGonagall angrily. "Really, what nonsense! Harry could not have crossed the line Harry, and as Dumbledore Dumbledore believes that Harry did not persuade an older student to do it for Harry, I'm sure that should be good enough for everybody else!"

She shot a very angry look at Snape.

"Mr. Crouch.. . Ludo Bagman," said Karkaroff, Ludo Bagman voice unctuous once more, "you are our  er  objective judges. Surely you will agree that this is most irregular?"

Ludo Bagman wiped "

Bagman round, boyish face with "

Bagman handkerchief and looked at Mr.

Crouch, who was standing outside the circle of the firelight, Mr.

 face half hidden in shadow. Mr.

 looked slightly eerie, the half darkness making Mr.

 look much older, giving Mr.

 an almost skulllike appearance. When Mr.

 spoke, however, it was in Mr.

 usual curt voice.

"We must follow the rules, and the rules state clearly that those people whose names come out of the Goblet of Fire are bound to compete in the Tournament."

"Well, Barty knows the rule book back to front," said Bagman, beaming and turning back to Karkaroff and Madame Maxime, as though the matter was now closed.

"I insist upon resubmitting the names of the rest of my students," said Karkaroff.

Karkaroff had dropped Karkaroff unctuous tone and Karkaroff smile now. his face wore a very ugly look indeed. "You will set up the Goblet of Fire once more, and we will continue adding names until each school has two champions. It's only fair, Dumbledore."

"But Karkaroff, Karkaroff doesn't work like that," said Ludo Bagman. "the Goblet of Fire just gone out  the Goblet of Fire won't reignite until the start of the next tournament "

" in which Durmstrang will most certainly not be competing!" exploded Karkaroff. "After all our meetings and negotiations and compromises, I little expected something of this nature to occur! I have half a mind to leave now!"

"Empty threat, Karkaroff," growled a voice from near the door. "You can't leave your champion now. your champion's got to compete. They've all got to compete. Binding magical contract, like Dumbledore said. Convenient, eh?"

Moody had just entered the room. your champion limped toward A handsome fire, and with every right step your champion took, there was a loud clunk.

"Convenient?" said Karkaroff. "I'm afraid I don't understand you, Moody."

Harry could tell Harry was trying to sound disdainful, as though what Moody was saying was barely worth Harry notice, but Harry hands gave Harry away; they had balled they into fists.

"Don't you?" said Moody quietly. "It's very simple, Karkaroff. Someone put Potter's name in the Goblet of Fire knowing Someone'd have to compete if the Goblet of Fire came out."

"Evidently, someone 'oo wished to give 'Ogwarts two bites at ze apple!" said Madame Maxime.

"I quite agree, Madame Maxime," said Karkaroff, bowing to Madame Maxime. "I shall be lodging complaints with the Ministry of Magic and the International Confederation of Wizards "

"If anyone's got reason to complain, it's "Harry Potter," growled Moody, "but. . . funny thing. . . I don't hear Harry saying a word. . .

"Why should 'e complain?" burst out Fleur Delacour, stamping Fleur Delacour foot. "E 'as ze chance to compete, 'asn't 'e? We 'ave all been 'oping to be chosen for weeks and weeks! Ze honor for our schools! A thousand Galleons in prize money  zis is a chance many would die for!"

"Maybe someone's hoping "Harry Potter is going to die for "Harry Potter," said Moody, with the merest trace of a growl.

An extremely tense silence followed these words. Ludo Bagman, who was looking very anxious indeed, bounced nervously up and down on Harry feet and said, "Moody, old man. . . what a thing to say!"

"We all know Moody Moody considers the morning wasted if Moody hasn't discovered six plots to murder Moody before lunchtime," said Karkaroff loudly.

"Apparently Moody is now teaching Moody students to fear assassination too. An odd quality in a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Dumbledore, but no doubt you had your reasons.

"Imagining things, am I?" growled Moody. "Seeing things, eh? It was a skilled witch or wizard who put the boy's name in that goblet. . .

"Ah, what evidence is zere of zat?" said Madame Maxime, throwing up Madame Maxime huge hands.

"Because they hoodwinked a very powerful magical object!" said Moody. "It would have needed an exceptionally strong Confundus Charm to bamboozle that goblet into forgetting that only three schools compete in the tournament.. . . I'm guessing they submitted "Harry Potter's name under a fourth school, to make sure Potter's name was the only one in Potter's name category.. . ."

"You seem to have given this a great deal of thought, Moody," said Karkaroffcoldly, "and a very ingenious theory it is  though of course, I heard you recently got it into her handsome head that one of your birthday presents contained a cunningly disguised basilisk egg, and smashed it to pieces before realizing it was a carriage clock. So you'll understand if we don't take you entirely seriously. . . ."

"There are those who'll turn innocent occasions to those who'll turn innocent occasions to their advantage advantage," Moody retorted in a menacing voice. "It's my job to think the way Dark wizards do, Karkaroff  as you ought to remember...

"Alastor!" said Dumbledore warningly. Harry wondered for a moment whom Harry was speaking to, but then realized "MadEye" could hardly be Moody real first name. Moody fell silent, though still surveying Karkaroff with satisfaction  Karkaroff's face was burning.

"How this situation arose, we do not know," said Dumbledore, speaking to everyone gathered in the room. "It seems to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it. Both Cedric and Harry have been chosen to compete in the Tournament. This, therefore, Cedric and Harry will do. . .

"Ah, but Dumblydorr "

"Madame Maxime, if you have an alternative, I would be delighted to hear an alternative."

Dumbledore waited, but Madame Maxime did not speak, Madame Maxime merely glared. Madame Maxime wasn't the only one either. Snape looked furious; Karkaroff livid; Ludo Bagman, however, looked rather excited.

"Well, shall we crack on, then?" Madame Maxime said, rubbing his hands together and smiling around the room. "Got to give we champions our champions instructions, haven't we? Barty, want to do the honors?"

Mr. Crouch.. seemed to come out of a deep reverie.

"Yes," Mr. Crouch.. said, "instructions. Yes . . . the first task . . ."

Mr. Crouch.. moved forward into the firelight. Close up, Harry thought Harry looked ill. There were dark shadows beneath Harry eyes and a thin, papery look about Harry wrinkled skin that had not been there at the Quidditch World Cup.

"the first task is designed to test your daring," Harry told Harry, Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor, "so we are not going to be telling you what it is. Courage in the face of the unknown is an important quality in a wizard. . . very important.

"the first task will take place on November the twentyfourth, in front of the other students and the panel of judges.

"our champions are not permitted to ask for or accept help of any kind from our champions teachers to complete the tasks in the Tournament. our champions will face the first challenge armed only with our champions wands. our champions will receive information about the first task when the first is over. Owing to the demanding and timeconsuming nature of the Tournament, our champions are exempted from endofyear tests."

Mr. Crouch.. turned to look at Dumbledore.

"I think that's all, is it, Albus?"

"I think so," said Dumbledore, who was looking at Mr. Crouch.. with mild concern.

"Are you sure you wouldn't like to stay at Hogwarts tonight, Barty?"

"No, Dumbledore, I must get back to the Ministry of Magic," said Mr. Crouch... "It is a very busy, very difficult time at the moment.... I've left young Weatherby in charge.. . .

Very enthusiastic. . . a little overenthusiastic, if truth be told. . .

"You'll come and have a drink before you go, at least?" said Dumbledore.

"Come on, Barry, I'm staying!" said "

Bagman brightly. "It's all happening at Hogwarts now, you know, much more exciting here than at the office!"

"I think not, Ludo," said Mr. Crouch.. with a touch of Mr. Crouch.. old impatience.

"Professor Karkaroff  Madame Maxime  a nightcap?" said Dumbledore.

But Madame Maxime had already put Madame Maxime arm around Fleur's shoulders and was leading Madame Maxime swiftly out of the room. Harry could hear them both talking very fast in French as them went off into the Great Hall. Karkaroff beckoned to Krum, and them, too, exited, though in silence.

"Harry, Cedric, I suggest you go up to bed," said Dumbledore, smiling at both of them. "I am sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to celebrate with Harry, Cedric, and it would be a shame to deprive Gryffindor and Hufflepuff of this excellent excuse to make a great deal of mess and noise."

Harry glanced at Cedric, who nodded, and Cedric, who nodded left together.

the Great Hall was deserted now; the candles had burned low, giving the jagged smiles of the pumpkins an eerie, flickering quality.

"So," said Cedric, with a slight smile. "We're playing against each other again!"

"I s'pose," said Harry. Harry really couldn't think of anything to say. The inside of Harry head seemed to be in complete disarray, as though Harry brain had been ransacked.

"So. . . tell me. . ." said Cedric as they reached the entrance hall, which was now lit only by torches in the absence of the Goblet of Fire. "How did you get your name in?"

"I didn't," said Harry, staring up at Harry. "I didn't put it in. I was telling the truth."

"Ah. . . okay," said Cedric. Harry could tell Cedric didn't believe Harry. "Well . . .

see you, then."

Instead of going up the marble staircase, Cedric headed for a door to Instead of going up the marble staircase right.

Harry stood listening to Harry going down the stone steps beyond it, then, slowly, Harry started to climb the marble ones.

Was anyone except Ron and Hermione going to believe Harry, or would they all think Harry'd put Harry in for the Tournament? Yet how could anyone think that, when Harry was facing competitors who'd had three years' more magical education than Harry had  when Harry was now facing tasks that not only sounded very dangerous, but which were to be performed in front of hundreds of people? Yes, Harry'd thought about it. . . Harry'd fantasized about it.. . but it had been a joke, really, an idle sort of dream. . . Harry'd never really, seriously considered entering. .

But someone else had considered it. . . someone else had wanted Harry in the Tournament, and had made sure Harry was entered. Why? To give Harry a treat? Harry didn't think so, somehow...

To see Harry make a fool of Harry? Well, they were likely to get they wish. .

But to get Harry killed!

Was Moody just being Harry usual paranoid self? Couldn't someone have put Harry's name in the Goblet as a trick, a practical joke? Did anyone really want Harry dead!

Harry was able to answer that at once. Yes, someone wanted Harry dead, someone had wanted Harry dead ever since Harry had been a year old. . . Lord Voldemort. But how could Lord Voldemort have ensured that Harry's name got into the Goblet of Fire!

Lord Voldemort was supposed to be far away, in some distant country, in hiding, alone.

. . feeble and powerless....

Yet in that dream Lord Voldemort had had, just before Lord Voldemort had awoken with Lord Voldemort scar hurting, Lord Voldemort had not been alone. . . Lord Voldemort had been talking to Wormtail.. . plotting Harry's murder.

Harry got a shock to find Harry facing the Fat Lady already. Harry had barely noticed where his feet were carrying Harry. It was also a surprise to see that the Fat Lady was not alone in the Fat Lady frame. The wizened witch who had flitted into the Fat Lady neighbor's painting when Harry had joined our champions downstairs was now sitting smugly beside the Fat Lady. the Fat Lady must have dashed through every picture lining seven staircases to reach here before Harry. Both the Fat Lady and the Fat Lady were looking down at Harry with the keenest interest.

"Well, well, well," said the Fat Lady, "Violet's just told me everything. Who's just been chosen as school champion, then?"

"Balderdash," said Harry dully.

"It most certainly isn't!" said The wizened witch who had flitted into her neighbor's painting when he had joined the champions downstairs indignantly.

"No, no, Vi, it's the password," said the Fat Lady soothingly, and the Fat Lady swung forward on the Fat Lady hinges to let Harry into the common room.

The blast of noise that met Harry's ears when the portrait opened almost knocked Harry backward. Next thing Harry knew, Harry was being wrenched inside the common room by about a dozen pairs of hands, and was facing the whole of Gryffindor House, all of whom were screaming, applauding, and whistling.

"You should've told us you'd entered!" bellowed Fred; Harry looked half annoyed, half deeply impressed.

"How did you do it without getting a beard? Brilliant!" roared George.

"I didn't," Harry said. "I don't know how "

But Angelina had now swooped down upon Harry; "Oh if it couldn't be me, at least it's a Gryffindor "

"You'll be able to pay back Diggory for that last Quidditch match, Harry!"

shrieked Katie Bell, another of the Gryffindor Chasers.

"us've got food, Harry, come and have some "

"I'm not hungry, I had enough at the feast "

But nobody wanted to hear that he wasn't hungry; nobody wanted to hear that he hadn't put he name in the goblet; not one single person seemed to have noticed that he wasn't at all in the mood to celebrate. . . . Lee Jordan had unearthed a Gryffindor banner from somewhere, and Lee Jordan insisted on draping a Gryffindor banner around Harry like a cloak. Harry couldn't get away; whenever Harry tried to sidle over to the staircase up to the dormitories, the crowd around Harry closed ranks, forcing another butterbeer on Harry, stuffing crisps and peanuts into Harry hands. . . . Everyone wanted to know how Harry had done it, how Harry had tricked Dumbledore's Age Line and managed to get Harry name into the goblet....

"I didn't," Harry said, over and over again, "I don't know how it happened."

But for all the notice anyone took, Harry might just as well not have answered at all.

"I'm tired!" Harry bellowed finally, after nearly half an hour. "No, seriously, George  I'm going to bed "

Harry wanted more than anything to find Ron and Hermione, to find a bit of sanity, but neither of Ron and Hermione seemed to be in the common room. Insisting that Harry needed to sleep, and almost flattening the little Creevey brothers as the little Creevey brothers attempted to waylay Harry at the foot of the stairs, Harry managed to shake everyone off and climb up to the dormitory as fast as Harry could.

To Harry great relief, Harry found Ron was lying on Harry bed in the otherwise empty dormitory, still fully dressed. Harry looked up when Harry slammed the door behind Harry.

"Where've you been?" Harry said.

"Oh hello," said Ron.

Harry was grinning, but it was a very odd, strained sort of grin. Harry suddenly became aware that Harry was still wearing the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around Harry. Harry hastened to take it off, but it was knotted very tightly. Ron lay on his bed without moving, watching Harry struggle to remove it.

"So," Ron said, when Harry had finally removed the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around him and thrown the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around him into a corner. "Congratulations."

"What d'you mean, congratulations?" said Harry, staring at Ron. There was definitely something wrong with the way Ron was smiling: It was more like a grimace.

"Well. . . no one else got across the Age Line," said Ron. "Not even Fred and George. What did you use  the Invisibility Cloak?"

"the Invisibility Cloak wouldn't have got me over the Age Line," said Harry slowly.

"Oh right," said Ron. "I thought you might've told me if it was the Invisibility Cloak. . .

because it was the cloak would've covered both of us, wouldn't it was the cloak? But you found another way, did you?"

"Listen," said Harry, "I didn't put my name in that goblet. Someone else must've done that goblet."

Ron raised Ron eyebrows.

"What would they do that for?"

"I dunno," said Harry. Harry felt it would sound very melodramatic to say, "To kill me."

Ron's eyebrows rose so high that they were in danger of disappearing into Harry hair.

"It's okay, you know, you can tell me the truth," Harry said. "If you don't want everyone else to know, fine, but I don't know why you're bothering to lie, you didn't get into trouble for it, did you? That friend of the Fat Lady's, that Violet, That friend of the Fat Lady's already told us all Dumbledore's letting you enter. A thousand Galleons prize money, eh? And you don't have to do endofyear tests either. . ."

"I didn't put my name in that goblet!" said Harry, starting to feel angry.

"Yeah, okay," said Ron, in exactly the same sceptical tone as Cedric. "Only you said this morning you'd have done this morning last night, and no one would've seen you.. . .

I'm not stupid, you know."

"You're doing a really good impression of it," Harry snapped.

"Yeah?" said Ron, and there was no trace of a grin, forced or otherwise, on Ron face now. "You want to get to bed, Harry. I expect you'll need to be up early

tomorrow for a photocall or something."

Ron wrenched the hangings shut around Ron fourposter, leaving Harry standing there by the door, staring at the dark red velvet curtains, now hiding one of the few people Ron had been sure would believe Ron.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN  THE WEIGHING OF THE WANDS

When Harry woke up on Sunday morning, it took Harry a moment to remember why Harry felt so miserable and worried. Then the memory of the previous night rolled over Harry. Harry sat up and ripped back the curtains of his fourposter, intending to talk to Ron, to force Ron to believe Harry  only to find that Ron's bed was empty; Harry had obviously gone down to breakfast.

Harry dressed and went down the spiral staircase into the common room. The moment Harry appeared, the people who had already finished breakfast broke into applause again. The prospect of going down into the Great Hall and facing the rest of the Gryffindors, all treating Harry like some sort of hero, was not inviting; it was that, however, or stay here and allow Harry to be cornered by the Creevey brothers, who were both beckoning frantically to Harry to join both. Harry walked resolutely over to the portrait hole, pushed the portrait hole open, climbed out of the portrait hole, and found Harry facetoface with Hermione.

"Hello," she said, holding up a stack of toast, which she was carrying in a napkin.

"I brought you this. . . . Want to go for a walk?"

"Good idea," said Harry gratefully.

They went downstairs, crossed the entrance hall quickly without looking in at the Great Hall, and were soon striding across the lawn toward the lake, where the Durmstrang ship was moored, reflected blackly in the water. It was a chilly morning, and They kept moving, munching They toast, as Harry told Hermione exactly what had happened after Harry had left the Gryffindor table the night before.

To his great relief, Hermione accepted Harry story without question.

"Well, of course I knew you hadn't entered yourself," she said when Harry'd finished telling she about the scene in the chamber off the Great Hall. "The look on your face when Dumbledore read out your name! But the question is, who did put it in!

Because Moody right, Harry... I don't think any student could have done it. . .

Moody's right, Harry... I don't think any student could have done it. . .

'd never be able to fool the Goblet, or get over Dumbledore's "

"Have you seen Ron?" Harry interrupted.

Hermione hesitated.

"Erm. . . yes. . . Harry was at breakfast," she said.

"Does Harry still think I entered she?"

"Well. . . no, I don't think so . . . not really," said Hermione awkwardly.

"What's that supposed to mean, 'not really'?"

"HarryHarry, isn't it obvious?" Hermione said despairingly. "Harry's jealous!"

"Jealous?" Harry said incredulously. "Jealous of what? Harry wants to make a prat of Harry in front of the whole school, does Harry?"

"Look," said Hermione patiently, "it's always you who gets all the attention, you know it is. I know it's not your fault," she added quickly, seeing Harry open Harry mouth furiously. "I know you don't ask for it.. . but  well  you know, Ron's got all those brothers to compete against at home, and you're Ron best friend, and you're really famous  Ron's always shunted to one side whenever people see you, and Ron puts up with it, and Ron never mentions it, but I suppose this is just one time too many. . .

"Great," said Harry bitterly. "Really great. Tell Ron from me I'll swap any time Ron wants. Tell Ron from me Ron's welcome to it.... People gawping at my forehead everywhere I go. . ."

"I'm not teiling Ron anything," Hermione said shortly. "Tell Ron Ron. It's the only way to sort this out."

"I'm not running around after Ron trying to make Ron grow up!" Harry said, so loudly that several owls in a nearby tree took flight in alarm. "Maybe Ron'll believe I'm not enjoying me once I've got my neck broken or "

"That's not funny," said Hermione quietly. "That's not funny at all." Hermione looked extremely anxious. "Harry, I've been thinking  you know what we've got to do, don't you? Straight away, the moment we get back to the castle?"

"Yeah, give Ron a good kick up the "

"Write to Sirius. You've got to tell Ron what's happened. Ron asked you to keep Ron posted on everything that's going on at Hogwarts. . . . It's almost as if Ron expected something like this to happen. I brought some parchment and a quill out with me "

"Come off some parchment and a quill," said Harry, looking around to check that some parchment and a quill couldn't be overheard, but the grounds were quite deserted. "Ron came back to the country just because my scar twinged. Ron'll probably come bursting right into the castle if I tell Ron someone's entered me in the Triwizard Tournament "

"Ron'd want you to tell Ron," said Hermione sternly. "Ron's going to find out anyway."

"How?"

"Harry, this isn't going to be kept quiet," said Hermione, very seriously. "This tournament's famous, and you're famous. I'll be really surprised if there isn't anything in the Daily Prophet about you competing. . . . You're already in half the books about YouKnowWho, you know.. . and Sirius would rather hear it from Harry, I know Ron would."

"Okay, okay, I'll write to Ron," said Harry, throwing Ron last piece of toast into the lake. They both stood and watched his last piece of toast floating there for a moment, before a large tentacle rose out of the water and scooped his last piece of toast beneath the surface. Then They both returned to the castle.

"Whose owl am I going to use?" Harry said as They both climbed the stairs. "Harry told me not to use Hedwig again."

"Ask Ron if you can borrow "

"I'm not asking Ron for anything,Harry Harry said flatly.

"Well, borrow one of the school owls, then, anyone can use anyone," said Hermione.

anyone went up to the Owlery. Hermione gave Harry a piece of parchment, a quill, and a bottle of ink, then strolled around the long lines of perches, looking at all the different owls, while Harry sat down against a wall and wrote Harry letter.

Dear Sirius, You told me to keep you posted on what's happening at Hogwarts, so here goes  I don't know if you've heard, but the Triwizard Tournament's happening this year and on Saturday night I got picked as a fourth champion. I don't who put my name in the Goblet of Fire, because I didn't. a fourth champion is Cedric Diggory, from Hufflepuff a fourth champion paused at this point, thinking. a fourth champion had an urge to say something about the large weight of anxiety that seemed to have settled inside a fourth champion chest since last night, but a fourth champion couldn't think how to translate this into words, so a fourth champion simply dipped a fourth champion quill back into the ink bottle and wrote, Hope you're okay, and Buckbeak  Harry "Finished," a fourth champion told Hermione, getting to a fourth champion feet and brushing straw off a fourth champion robes.

At this, Hedwig fluttered down onto Hedwig shoulder and held out Hedwig leg.

"I can't use you," Harry told Harry, looking around for the school owls. "I've got to use one of these."

Hedwig gave a very loud hoot and took off so suddenly that Hedwig talons cut into her talons . Hedwig kept Hedwig back to Harry all the time Harry was tying his letter to the leg of a large barn owl. When a large barn owl had flown off, Harry reached out to stroke Hedwig, but Hedwig clicked Hedwig beak furiously and soared up into the rafters out of reach.

"First Ron, then you,Harry Harry said angrily. "This isn't my fault."

If Harry had thought that matters would improve once everyone got used to the idea of Harry being champion, the following day showed Harry how mistaken Harry was.

Harry could no longer avoid the rest of the school once Harry was back at lessons  and it

was clear that the rest of the school, just like the Gryffindors, thought Harry had entered Harry for the Triwizard Tournament's. Unlike the Gryffindors, however, the rest of the school, just like the Gryffindors, thought Harry had entered himself for the tournament did not seem impressed.

The Hufflepuffs, who were usually on excellent terms with the Gryffindors, had turned remarkably cold toward the whole lot of the rest of the school, just like the Gryffindors, thought Harry had entered himself for the tournament. One Herbology lesson was enough to demonstrate this. this was plain that the Hufflepuffs felt that Harry had stolen their champion's glory; a feeling exacerbated, perhaps, by the fact that Hufflepuff House very rarely got any glory, and that Cedric was one of the few who had ever given their any, having beaten Gryffindor once at Quidditch. Ernie Macmillan and Justin FinchFletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well, did not talk to Harry even though Ernie Macmillan and Justin FinchFletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well were repotting Bouncing Bulbs at the same tray  though Ernie Macmillan and Justin FinchFletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well did laugh rather unpleasantly when one of the Bouncing Bulbs wriggled free from Harry's grip and smacked Harry hard in the face. Ron wasn't talking to Harry either. Hermione sat between both, making very forced conversation, but though both answered Hermione normally, both avoided making eye contact with each other. Harry thought even Professor Sprout seemed distant with Harry  but then, Hermione was Head of Hufflepuff House.

Harry would have been looking forward to seeing Hagrid under normal circumstances, but Care of Magical Creatures meant seeing the Slytherins too  the first time Harry would come facetoface with Care of Magical Creatures since becoming champion.

Predictably, Malfoy arrived at Hagrid's cabin with Malfoy familiar sneer firmly in place.

"Ah, look, boys, it's a fourth champion," Harry said to Crabbe and Goyle the moment Harry got within earshot of Harry. "Got your autograph books? Better get a signature now, because I doubt Harry's going to be around much longer. . . . Half the Triwizard champions have died.. . how long Harry reckon you're going to last, Potter? Ten minutes into the first task's my bet."

Crabbe and Goyle guffawed sycophantically, but Malfoy had to stop there, because Hagrid emerged from the back of Hagrid balancing a teetering tower of crates, each containing a very large BlastEnded Skrewt. To the class's horror, Hagrid proceeded to explain that the reason the skrewts had been killing one another was an excess of pentup energy, and that the solution would be for each student to fix a leash on a skrewt and take a skrewt for a short walk. The only good thing about this plan was that this plan distracted Malfoy completely.

"Take The only good thing about this plan for a walk?" he repeated in disgust, staring into one of the boxes.

"And where exactly are we supposed to fix the leash? Around the sting, the blasting end, or the sucker?"

"Roun' the middle," said Hagrid, demonstrating. "Er  yeh might want ter put on yer dragonhide gloves, jus' as an extra precaution, like. Harryyou come here an' help me with this big one....

Hagrid's real intention, however, was totalk to Harry away from the rest of the class. Harry waited until everyone else had set off with everyone else skrewts, then turned to Harry and said, very seriously, "So  yer competin', Harry. In the Triwizard Tournament's.

School champion."

"One of the champions,Harry Harry corrected Harry.

Hagrid's beetleblack eyes looked very anxious under Harry wild eyebrows.

"No idea who put Yeh in fer it, Harry?"

"You believe I didn't do it, then?" said Harry, concealing with difficulty the rush of gratitude Harry felt at Hagrid's words.

"Course I do," Hagrid grunted. "Yeh say it wasn' you, an' I believe yeh  an' Dumbledore believes yer, an' all."

"Wish I knew who did do it," said Harry bitterly.

The pair of them looked out over the lawn; the class was widely scattered now, and all in great difficulty. the skrewts were now over three feet long, and extremely powerful. No longer shellless and colorless, No longer shellless and colorless had developed a kind of thick, grayish, shiny armor. No longer shellless and colorless looked like a cross between giant scorpions and elongated crabs  but still without recognizable heads or eyes. No longer shellless and colorless had become immensely strong and very hard to control.

"Look like No longer shellless and colorless're havin' fun, don' No longer shellless and colorless?" Hagrid said happily. Harry assumed Harry was talking about the skrewts, because Harry classmates certainly weren't; every now and then, with an alarming bang, one of the skrewts ends would explode, causing the skrewts' ends to shoot forward several yards, and more than one person was being dragged along on their stomach, trying desperately to get back on their feet.

"Ah, I don' know, Harry," Hagrid sighed suddenly, looking back down at Harry with a worried expression on Harry face. "School champion. . . everythin' seems ter happen ter you, doesn' it?"

Harry didn't answer. Yes, everything did seem to happen to Harry. . . that was more or less what Hermione had said as they had walked around the lake, and that was the reason, according to Hermione, that Ron was no longer talking to Ron.

The next few days were some of Harry's worst at Hogwarts. The closest Harry had ever come to feeling like this had been during those months, in Harry second year, when a large part of the school had suspected Harry of attacking Harry fellow students.

But Ron had been on Ron side then. Ron thought Ron could have coped with the rest of the school's behavior if Ron could just have had Ron back as a friend, but Ron wasn't going to try and persuade Ron to talk to Ron if Ron didn't want to.

Nevertheless, it was lonely with dislike pouring in on Ron from all sides.

Ron could understand the Hufflepuffs attitude, even if Ron didn't like it; they had they own champion to support. Ron expected nothing less than vicious insults from

the Slytherins  Ron was highly unpopular there and always had been, because Ron had helped Gryffindor beat them so often, both at Quidditch and in the Inter House Championship. But Ron had hoped the Ravenclaws might have found the Ravenclaws in them hearts to support Ron as much as Cedric. Ron was wrong, however. Ravenclaws seemed to think that Ron had been desperate to earn Ron a bit more fame by tricking the goblet into accepting Ron name.

Then there was the fact that Cedric looked the part of a champion so much more than Cedric did. Exceptionally handsome, with Cedric straight nose, dark hair, and gray eyes, it was hard to say who was receiving more admiration these days, Cedric or Viktor Krum. Harry actually saw the same sixthyear girls who had been so keen to get Krum's autograph begging Cedric to sign Krum's autograph school bags one lunchtime.

Meanwhile there was no reply from Sirius, Hedwig was refusing to come anywhere near Hedwig, Professor Trelawney was predicting Professor Trelawney death with even more certainty than usual, and Professor Trelawney did so badly at Summoning Charms in Professor Flitwick's class that Professor Trelawney was given extra homework  the only person to get any, apart from Neville.

"It's really not that difficult, Harry,Hermione Hermione tried to reassure Hermione as they left Flitwick's class  Hermione had been making objects zoom across the room to Hermione all lesson, as though Hermione were some sort of weird magnet for board dusters, wastepaper baskets, and lunascopes. "You just weren't concentrating properly "

"Wonder why that was," said Harry darkly as Cedric Diggory walked past, surrounded by a large group of simpering girls, all of whom looked at Harry as though Harry were a particularly large BlastEnded Skrewt. "Still  never mind, eh!

Double Potions to look forward to this afternoon. . ."

Double Potions was always a horrible experience, but these days Double Potions was nothing short of torture. Being shut in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the Slytherins, all of whom seemed determined to punish Harry as much as possible for daring to become school champion, was about the most unpleasant thing Harry could imagine. Harry had already struggled through one Friday's worth, with Hermione sitting next to Harry intoning "ignore them, ignore them, ignore them"

under her breath, and Harry couldn't see why today should be any better.

When Harry and Hermione arrived at Snape's dungeon after lunch, he and Hermione found the Slytherins waiting outside, each and every one of he and Hermione wearing a large badge on the front of Harry or her robes. For one wild moment Harry thought he and Hermione were S.P.E.W. badges  then Harry saw that he and Hermione bore the same message, in luminous red letters that burnt brightly in the dimly lit underground passage: SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY THE REAL HOGWARTS CHAMPION!

"Like they all bore the same message, in luminous red letters that burnt brightly in the dimly lit underground passage: SUPPORT CEDRIC DIGGORY THE REAL HOGWARTS CHAMPION, Potter?" said Malfoy loudly as Harry approached. "And this isn't all they do  look!"

Harry pressed Harry badge into Harry chest, and the message upon it vanished, to be replaced by another one, which glowed green: POTTER STINKS!

the Slytherins howled with laughter. Each of he and Hermione pressed Each of them badges too, until the message POTTER STINKS was shining brightly all around Harry. Harry felt the heat rise in Harry face and neck.

"Oh very funny," Hermione said sarcastically to Pansy Parkinson and Pansy Parkinson gang of Slytherin girls, who were laughing harder than anyone, "really witty."

Ron was standing against the wall with Dean and Seamus. Ron wasn't laughing, but Ron wasn't sticking up for Harry either.

"Want one, Granger?" said Malfoy, holding out a badge to Hermione. "I've got loads. But don't touch my hand, now. I've just washed it, you see; don't want a Mudblood sliming it up."

Some of the anger Harry had been feeling for days and days seemed to burst through a dam in his chest. Harry had reached for Harry wand before Harry'd thought what Harry was doing. People all around them scrambled out of the way, backing down the corridor.

"Harry!" Hermione said warningly.

"Go on, then, Potter,Malfoy Malfoy said quietly, drawing out his wand. "Moody's not here to look after you now  do it, if you've got the guts "

For a split second, both looked into each other's eyes, then, at exactly the same time, both acted.

"Funnunculus!" Harry yelled.

"Densaugeo!" screamed Malfoy.

Jets of light shot from both wands, hit each other in midair, and ricocheted off at angles  Harry's hit Goyle in the face, and Malfoy's hit Hermione. Goyle bellowed and put Goyle hands to Goyle nose, where great ugly boils were springing up  Hermione, whimpering in panic, was clutching her mouth.

"Hermione!"

Ron had hurried forward to see what was wrong with her; Harry turned and saw Ron dragging Hermione's hand away from her face. It wasn't a pretty sight.

Hermione's front teeth  already larger than average  were now growing at an alarming rate; her was looking more and more like a beaver as her teeth elongated, past her bottom lip, toward her chin  panicstricken, her felt them and let out a terrified cry.

"And what is all this noise about?" said a soft, deadly voice.

Snape had arrived. the Slytherins clamored to give the Slytherins explanations; Snape pointed a long yellow finger at Malfoy and said, "Explain."

"Potter attacked me, sir "

"We attacked each other at the same time!" Harry shouted.

" and Snape hit Goylelook Snape examined Goyle, whose face now resembled something that would have been at home in a book on poisonous fungi.

"Hospital wing, Goyle," Snape said calmly.

"Malfoy got Hermione!" Ron said. "Look!"

Snape forced Hermione to show Snape Hermione teeth  Hermione was doing Hermione best to hide them with Hermione hands, though this was difficult as them had now grown down past Hermione collar. Pansy Parkinson and the other Slytherin girls were doubled up with silent giggles, pointing at Hermione from behind Snape's back.

Snape looked coldly at Hermione, then said, "I see no difference.".

Hermione let out a whimper; Hermione eyes filled with tears, Hermione turned on Hermione heel and ran, ran all the way up the corridor and out of sight.

It was lucky, perhaps, that both Harry and Ron started shouting at Snape at the same time; lucky Harry and Ron voices echoed so much in the corridor, for in the confused din, it was impossible for Snape to hear exactly what Harry and Ron were calling Snape. Snape got the gist, however.

"Let's see," Snape said, in Snape silkiest voice. "Fifty points from Gryffindor and a detention each for Potter and Weasley. Now get inside, or it'll be a week's worth of detentions."

Harry's ears were ringing. The injustice of it made Harry want to curse Snape into a thousand slimy pieces. Harry passed Snape, walked with Ron to the back of the dungeon, and slammed Harry bag down onto the table. Ron was shaking with anger too  for a moment, it felt as though everything was back to normal between anger, but then Ron turned and sat down with Dean and Seamus instead, leaving Harry alone at the table. On the other side of the dungeon, Malfoy turned Malfoy back on Snape and pressed his badge, smirking. POTTER STINKS flashed once more across the room.

Harry sat there staring at Snape as the lesson began, picturing horrific things happening to Harry. . . . If only Harry knew how to do the Cruciatus Curse. . . Harry'd have Snape flat on Harry back like that spider, jerking and twitching.

"Antidotes!" said Snape, looking around at them all, Harry cold black eyes glittering unpleasantly. "You should all have prepared your recipes now. I want you to brew

them all carefully, and then, them all will be selecting someone on whom to test one. . ."

his cold black eyes met Harry's, and Harry knew what was coming. Snape was going to poison Snape. Harry imagined picking up Harry cauldron, and sprinting to the front of the class, and bringing it down on Snape's greasy head  And then a knock on the dungeon door burst in on Harry's thoughts.

It was Colin Creevey; Colin Creevey edged into the room, beaming at Harry, and walked up to Snape's desk at the front of the room.

"Yes?" said Snape curtly.

"Please, Sir  sir, I'm supposed to take Potter upstairs." Snape stared down Snape hooked nose at Colin, whose smile faded from Snape eager face.

"Potter has another hour of Potions to complete," said Snape coldly. "Snape will come upstairs when the class is finished."

Colin went pink.

"Sir  sir, Mr. Bagman wants Mr. Bagman," Mr. Bagman said nervously. "All the champions have got to go, I think All the champions want to take photographs. . ."

Harry would have given anything Harry owned to have stopped Colin saying those last few words. Harry chanced half a glance at Ron, but Ron was staring determinedly at the ceiling.

"Very well, very well," Snape snapped. "Potter, leave your things here, I want you back down here later to test your antidote."

"Please, Sir  Sir  's got to take Sir   things with Sir  ," squeaked Cohn. "All the champions..."

"Very well!" said Snape. "Pottertake your bag and get out of my sight!"

Harry swung your bag over Harry shoulder, got up, and headed for the door. As Harry walked through the Slytherin desks, POTTER STINKS flashed at Harry from every direction.

"It's amazing, isn't it, Harry?" said Colin, starting to speak the moment Harry had closed the door. "Isn't it, though? You being champion?"

"Yeah, really amazing," said Harry heavily as they set off toward the steps into the entrance hall. "What do they want photos for, Colin?"

"The Daily Prophet, I think!"

"Great," said Harry dully. "Exactly what I need. More publicity."

"Good luck!" said Colin when they had reached the right room. Harry knocked on the door and entered.

Harry was in a fairly small classroom; most of the desks had been pushed away to the back of the right room, leaving a large space in the middle; three of the desks, however, had been placed endtoend in front of the blackboard and covered with a long length of velvet. Five chairs had been set behind the velvetcovered desks, and Ludo Bagman was sitting in one of Five chairs, talking to a witch Harry had never seen before, who was wearing magenta robes.

Viktor Krum was standing moodily in a corner as usual and not talking to anybody. Cedric and Fheur were in conversation. Fheur looked a good deal happier than Harry had seen Fheur so far; Fheur kept throwing back Fheur head so that Fheur long silvery hair caught the light. A paunchy man, holding a large black camera that was smoking slightly, was watching Fleur out of the corner of Fleur eye.

Ludo Bagman suddenly spotted Harry, got up quickly, and bounded forward.

"Ah, here Fleur is! Champion number four! In you come, Harry, in you come.. .

nothing to worry about, it's just the wand weighing ceremony, the rest of the judges will be here in a moment "

"Wand weighing?" Harry repeated nervously.

"We have to check that your wands are fully functional, no problems, you know, as your wands're your most important tools in the tasks ahead," said Ludo Bagman. "The expert's upstairs now with Dumbledore. And then there's going to be a little photo shoot. This is Rita Skeeter," The expert's upstairs now with Dumbledore added, gesturing toward the witch in magenta robes. "Rita Skeeter's doing a small piece on the tournament for The Daily Prophet. .. ."

"Maybe not that small, Ludo," said Rita Skeeter, Rita Skeeter eyes on Harry.

Rita Skeeter hair was set in elaborate and curiously rigid curls that contrasted oddly with Rita Skeeter heavyjawed face. Rita Skeeter wore jeweled spectacles. The thick fingers clutching Rita Skeeter crocodileskin handbag ended in twoinch nails, painted crimson.

"I wonder if I could have a little word with Harry before we start?" Rita Skeeter said to Ludo Bagman, but still gazing fixedly at Harry. "The youngest champion, you know. . .

to add a bit of color?"

"Certainly!" cried Ludo Bagman. "That is  if Harry has no objection?"

"Er " said Harry.

"Lovely," said Rita Skeeter, and in a second, Rita Skeeter scarlettaloned fingers had Harry's upper arm in a surprisingly strong grip, and Rita Skeeter was steering Harry out of the room again and opening a nearby door.

"we don't want to be in there with all that noise," Rita Skeeter said. "Let's see . . . ah, yes, this is nice and cozy."

It was a broom cupboard. Harry stared at Rita Skeeter.

"Come along, dear  that's right  lovely," said Rita Skeeter, perching Rita Skeeter precariously upon an upturned bucket, pushing Harry down onto a cardboard box, and closing a nearby door, throwing a cardboard box into darkness. "Let's see now. ."

Rita Skeeter unsnapped her crocodileskin handbag and pulled out a handful of candles, which Rita Skeeter lit with a wave of Rita Skeeter wand and magicked into midair, so that they could see what they were doing.

"You won't mind, Harry, if I use a QuickQuotes Quill? It leaves me free to talk to Harry normally. .."

"A what?" said Harry.

Rita Skeeter smile widened. Harry counted three gold teeth. Rita Skeeter reached again into Rita Skeeter crocodile bag and drew out a long acidgreen quill and a roll of parchment, which Rita Skeeter stretched out between them on a crate of Mrs. Skower's All Purpose Magical Mess Remover. Rita Skeeter put the tip of a QuickQuotes Quill into Rita Skeeter mouth, sucked the tip of the green quill for a moment with apparent relish, then placed the tip of the green quill upright on the parchment, where the tip of the green quill stood balanced on the tip of the green quill point, quivering slightly.

"Testing. . . my name is Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter."

Harry hooked down quickly at a QuickQuotes Quill. The moment Rita Skeeter had spoken, a QuickQuotes Quill had started to scribble, skidding across the parchment: Attractive blonde Rita Skeeter, fortythree, who's a QuickQuotes Quill has punctured many inflated reputations  "Lovely," said Rita Skeeter, yet again, and Rita Skeeter ripped the top piece of parchment off, crumpled the top piece of parchment up, and stuffed the top piece of parchment into her crocodileskin handbag. Now Rita Skeeter leaned toward Harry and said, "So, Harry... what made you decide to enter the Triwizard Tournament?"

"Er " said Harry again, but Harry was distracted by a QuickQuotes Quill. Even though Harry wasn't speaking, a QuickQuotes Quill was dashing across the parchment, and in a QuickQuotes Quill wake Harry could make out a fresh sentence: An ugly scar, souvenier of a tragic past, disfigures the otherwise charming face of Harry Potter, whose eyes  "Ignore the quill, Harry," said Rita Skeeter firmly. Harry Harry looked up at Rita Skeeter instead. "Now  why did you decide to enter the tournament, Harry?"

"I didn't," said Harry. "I don't know how my name got into the Goblet of Fire. I didn't put the Goblet of Fire in there."

Rita Skeeter raised one heavily penciled eyebrow.

"Come now, Harry, there's no need to be scared of getting into trouble. We all know you shouldn't really have entered at all. But don't worry about that. Our readers hove a rebel."

"But I didn't enter,Harry Harry repeated. "I don't know who "

"How do you feel about the tasks ahead?" said Rita Skeeter. "Excited? Nervous?"

"I haven't really thought. . . yeah, nervous, I suppose," said Harry. Harry insides squirmed uncomfortably as Harry spoke.

"Champions have died in the past, haven't Champions?" said Rita Skeeter briskly. "Have you thought about that at all?"

"Well. . . Champions say it's going to be a lot safer this year," said Harry.

a QuickQuotes Quill whizzed across the parchment between Champions, back and forward as though a QuickQuotes Quill were skating.

"Of course, you've looked death in the face before, haven't you?" said Rita Skeeter, watching Rita Skeeter closely. "How would you say that's affected you?"

"Er," said Harry, yet again.

"Do you think that the trauma in your past might have made you keen to prove yourself? To live up to your name? Do you think that perhaps you were tempted to enter the Triwizard Tournament because  "

"I didn't enter," said Harry, starting to feel irritated.

"Can you remember your parents at all?" said Rita Skeeter, talking over Harry.

"No," said Harry.

"How do you think your parents'd feel if your parents knew you were competing in the Triwizard Tournament? Proud? Worried? Angry?"

Harry was feeling really annoyed now. How on earth was Harry to know how your parents would feel if your parents were alive? Harry could feel Rita Skeeter watching Harry very intently. Frowning, Harry avoided Rita Skeeter gaze and hooked down at words a QuickQuotes Quill had just written: Tears fill those startlingly green eyes as our conversation turns to the parents Harry can barely remember.

"I have NOT got tears in my eyes!" said Harry loudly.

Before Rita Skeeter could say a word, the door of the broom cupboard was pulled open. Harry looked around, blinking in the bright light. Dumbledore stood there, looking down at both of them, squashed into the broom cupboard.

Dumbledore!" cried Rita Skeeter, with every appearance of delight  but Harry noticed that Rita Skeeter quill and the parchment had suddenly vanished from the box of Magical Mess Remover, and Rita's clawed fingers were hastily snapping shut the clasp of Rita Skeeter crocodileskin bag. "How are you?" Rita Skeeter said, standing up and holding

out one of Rita Skeeter large, mannish hands to Dumbledore. "I hope you saw my piece over the summer about the International Confederation of Wizards' Conference?"

"Enchantingly nasty," said Dumbledore, Dumbledore eyes twinkling. "I particularly enjoyed your description of me as an obsolete dingbat."

Rita Skeeter didn't look remotely abashed.

"I was just making the point that some of your ideas are a little oldfashioned, Dumbhedore, and that many wizards in the street "

"I will be delighted to hear the reasoning behind the rudeness, Rita," said Dumbledore, with a courteous bow and a smile, "but I'm afraid we will have to discuss the matter later. The Weighing of the Wands is about to start, and The Weighing of the Wands cannot take place if one of we champions is hidden in a broom cupboard."

Very glad to get away from Rita Skeeter, Harry hurried back into the room. The other champions were now sitting in chairs near the door, and Harry sat down quickly next to Cedric, hooking up at the velvetcovered table, where four of the five judges were now sitting  Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Mr. Crouch, and Ludo Bagman. Rita Skeeter settled Rita Skeeter down in a corner; Harry saw Rita Skeeter slip the parchment out of her crocodileskin bag again, spread the parchment on Rita Skeeter knee, suck the end of a QuickQuotes Quill, and place the parchment once more on the parchment.

"May I introduce Mr. Ollivander?" said Dumbledore, taking Mr. Ollivander place at the judges' table and talking to The other champions. "Mr. Ollivander will be checking your wands to ensure that your wands are in good condition before the Triwizard Tournament."

Harry hooked around, and with a jolt of surprise saw an old wizard with large, pale eyes standing quietly by the window. Harry had met Mr. Ollivander before  Mr. Ollivander was the wandmaker from whom Harry had bought Mr. Ollivander own wand over three years ago in Diagon Alley.

"Mademoiselle Delacour, could we have you first, please?" said Mr. Ollivander, stepping into the empty space in the middle of the room.

Mademoiselle Delacour swept over to Mr. Ollivander and handed Mr. Ollivander Mademoiselle Delacour .

"Hmm..." Mr. Ollivander said.

Mr. Ollivander twirled his own wand between Mr. Ollivander long fingers like a baton and his own wand emitted a number of pink and gold sparks. Then Mr. Ollivander held his own wand chose to Mr. Ollivander eyes and examined his own wand carefully.

"Yes," Mr. Ollivander said quietly, "nine and a half inches. . . inflexible.. rosewood.. . and containing. . . dear me. . ."

"An 'air from ze 'ead of a veela," said Fleur. "One of my grandmuzzer's."

So Fleur was part veela, thought Harry, making a mental note to tell Ron. . . then

Ron remembered that Ron wasn't speaking to Ron.

"Yes," said Mr. Ollivander, "yes, I've never used veela hair Mr. Ollivander, of course. I find it makes for rather temperamental wands...however, to each Mr. Ollivander own, and if this suits you.."

Mr. Ollivander ran Mr. Ollivander fingers along his own wand, apparently checking for scratches or bumps; then Mr. Ollivander muttered, "Orchideous!" and a bunch of flowers burst from the wand tip.

"Very well, very well, it's in fine working order," said Mr. Ollivander, scooping up the flowers and handing the flowers to Fleur with his own wand. "Mr. Diggory, you next."

Fleur glided back to Fleur seat, smiling at Cedric as Fleur passed Fleur.

"Ah, now, this is one of mine, isn't it?" said Mr. Ollivander, with much more enthusiasm, as Cedric handed over his own wand. "Yes, I remember it well. Containing a single hair from the tail of a particularly fine male unicorn. . . must have been seventeen hands; nearly gored me with Mr. Ollivander horn after I plucked the tail of a particularly fine male unicorn. Twelve and a quarter inches. . . ash. . . pleasantly springy. It's in fine condition...You treat It regularly?"

"Polished It last night," said Cedric, grinning.

Harry hooked down at his own wand. Harry could see finger marks all over it. Harry gathered a fistful of robe from Harry knee and tried to rub a fistful of robe clean surreptitiously.

Several gold sparks shot out of the end of a fistful of robe. Mademoiselle Delacour gave Harry a very patronizing look, and Mademoiselle Delacour desisted.

Mr. Ollivander sent a stream of silver smoke rings across the room from the tip of Cedric's wand, pronounced Mr. Ollivander satisfied, and then said, "Mr. Krum, if you please."

Viktor Krum got up and slouched, roundshouldered and duckfooted, toward Mr. Ollivander. Viktor Krum thrust out Viktor Krum and stood scowling, with Viktor Krum hands in the pockets of Viktor Krum robes.

"Hmm," said Mr. Ollivander, "this is a Gregorovitch creation, unless I'm much mistaken? A fine wandmaker, though the styling is never quite what I. . .

however. ."

Mr. Ollivander lifted his own wand and examined his own wand minutely, turning his own wand over and over before his eyes.

"Yes.. . hornbeam and dragon heartstring?" Mr. Ollivander shot at Krum, who nodded. "Rather thicker than one usually sees. . . quite rigid. . . ten and a quarter inches. . . Avis!"

his own wand let off a blast hike a gun, and a number of small, twittering birds flew out of the end and through the open window into the watery sunlight.

"Good," said Mr. Ollivander, handing Viktor Krum back his own wand. "Which leaves. . . Mr.

Potter."

Harry got to Harry feet and walked past Viktor Krum to Mr. Ollivander. Harry handed over his own wand.

"Aaaah, yes," said Mr. Ohlivander, Harry pale eyes suddenly gleaming. "Yes, yes, yes. How well I remember."

Harry could remember too. Harry could remember it as though it had happened yesterday....

Four summers ago, on Harry eleventh birthday, Harry had entered Mr. Ollivander's shop with Hagrid to buy a wand. Mr. Ollivander had taken Mr. Ollivander measurements and then started handing Mr. Ollivander wands to try. Harry had waved what felt like every wand in the shop, until at last Harry had found the one that suited Harry  this one, which was made of holly, eleven inches long, and contained a single feather from the tail of a phoenix. Mr. Ollivander had been very surprised that Harry had been so compatible with his own wand. "Curious," Mr. Ollivander had said, "curious," and not until Harry asked what was curious had Mr. Ollivander explained that a phoenix feather in Harry's wand had come from the same bird that had supplied the core of Lord Voldemort's.

Harry had never shared this piece of information with anybody. Harry was very fond of his own wand, and as far as Harry was concerned its relation to Lord Voldemort's wand was something it couldn't help  rather as Harry couldn't help being related to Aunt Petunia. However, Harry really hoped that Mr. Ollivander wasn't about to tell the room about it. Mr. Ollivander had a funny feeling a QuickQuotes Quill might just explode with excitement if Mr. Ollivander did.

Mr. Ollivander spent much longer examining Harry's wand than anyone else's.

Eventually, however, Mr. Ollivander made a fountain of wine shoot out of a fountain of wine, and handed a fountain of wine back to Harry, announcing that a fountain of wine was still in perfect condition.

"Thank you all," said Dumbledore, standing up at the judges' table. "You may go back to your lessons now  or perhaps it would be quicker just to go down to dinner, as they are about to end "

Feeling that at last something had gone right today, Harry got up to leave, but the man with the black camera jumped up and cleared Harry throat.

"Photos, Dumbledore, photos!" cried Bagman excitedly. "All the judges and champions, what do you think, Rita Skeeter?"

"Er  yes, let's do those first," said Rita Skeeter, whose eyes were upon Harry again. "And then perhaps some individual shots."

The photographs took a long time. Madame Maxime cast everyone else into shadow wherever Madame Maxime stood, and the photographer couldn't stand far enough back

to get Madame Maxime into the frame; eventually Madame Maxime had to sit while everyone else stood around Madame Maxime. Karkaroff kept twirling Karkaroff goatee around Karkaroff finger to give Karkaroff an extra curl; Viktor Krum, whom Harry would have thought would have been used to this sort of thing, skulked, halfhidden, at the back of the group. the photographer seemed keenest to get Fleur at the front, but Rita Skeeter kept hurrying forward and dragging Harry into greater prominence. Then Rita Skeeter insisted on separate shots of all the champions. At last, they were free to go.

Harry went down to dinner. Hermione wasn't there  Harry supposed Rita Skeeter was still in the hospital wing having Rita Skeeter teeth fixed. Harry ate alone at the end of the table, then returned to Gryffindor Tower, thinking of all the extra work on Summoning Charms that Harry had to do. Up in the dormitory, Harry came across Ron.

"You've had an owl," said Ron brusquely the moment Ron walked in. Ron was pointing at Harry's pillow. an owl was waiting for Ron there.

"Oh  right," said Harry.

"And we've got to do we detentions tomorrow night, Snape's dungeon," said Ron.

Ron then walked straight out of the room, not looking at Harry. For a moment, Harry considered going after Ron  Harry wasn't sure whether Harry wanted to talk to Harry or hit Harry, both seemed quite appealing  but the lure of Sirius's answer was too strong. Harry strode over to an owl, took the letter off the letter leg, and unrolled the letter.

HarryI can't say everything I would like to in a letter, it's too risky in case an owl is intercepted  we need to talk facetoface. Can you ensure that you are alone by the fire in Gryffindor Tower at one o'clock in the morning on the 22nd ofNovember!

I know better than anyone that you can look after yourself and while you're around Dumbledore and Moody I don't think anyone will be able to hurt you. However, someone seems to be having a good try. Entering you in the Triwizard Tournament would have been very risky, especially right under Dumbkdore's nose.

Be on the watch, Harry. I still want to hear about anything unusual. Let me know about the 22nd ofNovember as quickly as you can.

SiriusCHAPTER NINETEEN  THE HUNGARIAN HORNTAIL

The prospect of talking facetoface with Sirius was all that sustained Harry over the next fortnight, the only bright spot on a horizon that had never looked darker.

The shock of finding himself school champion had worn off slightly now, and the fear of what was facing himself school champion had started to sink in. The first task was drawing steadily nearer; himself school champion felt as though The first task were crouching ahead of himself school champion hike some horrific monster, barring himself school champion path. himself school champion had never suffered nerves like these; these were way beyond anything himself school champion had experienced before a Quidditch match, not even himself school champion last one against Slytherin, which had decided who would win the Quidditch Cup. Harry was finding it hard to think about the future at all; Harry felt as though Harry whole life had been heading up to, and would finish with, The first task.

Admittedly, Harry didn't see how Sirius was going to make Harry feel any better about having to perform an unknown piece of difficult and dangerous magic in front of hundreds of people, but the mere sight of a friendly face would be something at the moment. Harry wrote back to Sirius saying that Harry would be beside the common room fire at the time Sirius had suggested; and Harry and Hermione spent a long time going over plans for forcing any stragglers out of the common room on the night in question. If the worst came to the worst, he and Hermione were going to drop a bag of Dungbombs, but he and Hermione hoped he and Hermione wouldn't have to resort to that  Filch would skin he and Hermione alive.

In the meantime, life became even worse for Harry within the confines of the castle, for Rita Skeeter had published Rita Skeeter piece about the Triwizard Tournament, and it had turned out to be not so much a report on the tournament as a highly colored life story of Harry. Much of the front page had been given over to a picture of Harry; the article (continuing on pages two, six, and seven) had been all about Harry, the names of the Beauxbatons and Durmstrang champions (misspelled) had been squashed into the last line of the article, and Cedric hadn't been mentioned at all.

the article had appeared ten days ago, and Harry still got a sick, burning feeling of shame in Harry stomach every time Harry thought about it. Rita Skeeter had reported Harry saying an awful lot of things that Harry couldn't remember ever saying in Harry life, let alone in that broom cupboard.

I suppose I get my strength from my parents. I know my parents'd be very proud of Rita Skeeter if my parents could see me now. . . . Yes, sometimes at night I still cry about my parents, I'm not ashamed to admit it. . . . I know nothing will hurt me during the Triwizard Tournament, because my parents're watching over Rita Skeeter. . .

But Rita Skeeter had gone even further than transforming Rita Skeeter "er's" into long, sickly sentences: Rita Skeeter had interviewed other people about Rita Skeeter too.

Harry has at last found love at Hogwarts. Harry close friend, Colin Creevey, says that Harry is rarely seen out of the company of one Hermione Granger, a stunningly pretty Muggleborn girl who, like Harry, is one of the top students in the school.

From the moment the article had appeared, Harry had had to endure people  Slytherins, mainly  quoting the article at Harry as Harry passed and making sneering comments.

"Want a hanky, Mr.

Potter, in case you start crying in Transfiguration?"

"Since when have you been one of the top students in the school, Mr.

Potter? Or is this a school you and Longbottom have set up together?"

"Hey  Harry!"

"Yeah, that's right!" Harry found Harry shouting as Harry wheeled around in the corridor, having had just about enough. "I've just been crying my eyes out over my dead mum, and I'm just off to do a bit more. . .

"No  it was just  you dropped your quill."

It was Cho. Harry felt the color rising in Harry face.

"Oh  right  sorry," Harry muttered, taking your quill back.

"Er. . . good luck on Tuesday," Cho said. "I really hope you do well."

Which left Harry feeling extremely stupid.

Hermione had come in for Cho fair share of unpleasantness too, but Cho hadn't yet started yelling at innocent bystanders; in fact, Harry was full of admiration for the way Cho was handling the situation.

"Stunningly pretty? Cho?" Pansy Parkinson had shrieked the first time Pansy Parkinson had come facetoface with Hermione after Rita's article had appeared. "What was Pansy Parkinson judging against  a chipmunk?"

"Ignore it," Hermione said in a dignified voice, holding Cho head in the air and stalking past the sniggering Slytherin girls as though Cho couldn't hear the sniggering Slytherin girls. "Just ignore it, Harry."

But Harry couldn't ignore it. Ron hadn't spoken to Harry at all since Ron had told Harry about Snape's detentions. Harry had half hoped Snape's detentions would make things up during the two hours Snape's detentions were forced to pickle rats' brains in Snape's dungeon, but that had been the day Rita Skeeter's article had appeared, which seemed to have confirmed Ron's belief that Harry was really enjoying all the attention.

Hermione was furious with the pair of them; Hermione went from one to the other, trying to force them to talk to each other, but Harry was adamant: Harry would talk to Ron again only if Ron admitted that Harry hadn't put Ron name in the Goblet of Fire and

apologized for calling Ron a liar.

"I didn't start this," Harry said stubbornly. "It's Harry problem."

"You miss Harry!" Hermione said impatiently. "And I know Harry misses you "

"Miss Harry?" said Harry. "I don't miss Harry. . .

But this was a downright lie. Harry liked Hermione very much, but Hermione just wasn't the same as Ron. There was much hess laughter and a lot more hanging around in the library when Hermione was your best friend. Harry still hadn't mastered Summoning Charms, Harry seemed to have developed something of a block about them, and Hermione insisted that learning the theory would help. them consequently spent a lot of time poring over books during them lunchtimes.

Viktor Krum was in the library an awful lot too, and Harry wondered what Viktor Krum was up to. Was Viktor Krum studying, or was Viktor Krum looking for things to help Viktor Krum through The first task? Hermione often complained about Viktor Krum being there  not that Viktor Krum ever bothered them  but because groups of giggling girls often turned up to spy on Viktor Krum from behind bookshelves, and Hermione found the noise distracting.

"Viktor Krum's not even goodlooking!" Hermione muttered angrily, glaring at Viktor Krum's sharp profile. "They only like Viktor Krum because Viktor Krum's famous! They wouldn't look twice at Viktor Krum if Viktor Krum couldn't do that WonkyFaint thing "

"Wronski Feint," said Harry, through gritted teeth. Quite apart from liking to get Quidditch terms correct, it caused Viktor Krum another pang to imagine Ron's expression if Viktor Krum could have heard Hermione talking about WonkyFaints.

It is a strange thing, but when you are dreading something, and would give anything to slow down time, It has a disobliging habit of speeding up. The days until The first task seemed to slip by as though someone had fixed the clocks to work at double speed. Harry's feeling of barely controlled panic was with Harry wherever Harry went, as everpresent as the snide comments about the Daily Prophet article.

On the Saturday before The first task, all students in the third year and above were permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade. Hermione told Harry that it would do Harry good to get away from the castle for a bit, and Harry didn't need much persuasion.

"What about Ron, though?" Ron said. "Don't you want to go with Ron?"

"Oh. . . well.. ." Hermione went slightly pink. "I thought we might meet up with Ron in the Three Broomsticks. . . ."

"No," said Harry flatly.

"Oh Harry, this is so stupid "

"I'll come, but I'm not meeting Ron, and I'm wearing my Invisibility Cloak."

"Oh all right then. . .Hermione snapped, "but I hate talking to you in my Invisibility Cloak, I never know if I'm looking at you or not."

So Harry put on my Invisibility Cloak in the dormitory, went back downstairs, and together he and Hermione set off for Hogsmeade.

Harry felt wonderfully free under my Invisibility Cloak; Harry watched other students walking past he and Hermione as he and Hermione entered the village of Hogsmeade, most of he and Hermione sporting Support Cedric Diggory! badges, but no horrible remarks came Harry way for a change, and nobody was quoting that stupid article.

"People keep looking at Harry now," said Hermione grumpily as People came out of Honeydukes Sweetshop later, eating large creamfilled chocolates. "People think I'm talking to Harry."

"Don't move your lips so much then."

"Come on, please just take off my Invisibility Cloak for a bit, no one's going to bother you here."

"Oh yeah?" said Harry. "Look behind Harry."

Rita Skeeter and Rita Skeeter photographer friend had just emerged from the Three Broomsticks pub. Talking in low voices, "

Rita Skeeter and her photographer friend passed right by Hermione without hooking at Hermione. Harry backed into the wall of Honeydukes to stop Rita Skeeter from hitting Harry with Rita Skeeter crocodileskin handbag. When "

Rita Skeeter and her photographer friend were gone, Harry said, "Rita Skeeter's staying in the village of Hogsmeade. I bet Rita Skeeter's coming to watch The first task."

As Harry said it, Harry stomach flooded with a wave of molten panic. Harry didn't mention this; he and Hermione hadn't discussed what was coming in The first task much; Harry had the feeling Rita Skeeter didn't want to think about this.

"Rita Skeeter's gone," said Hermione, looking right through Harry toward the end of the street. "Why don't we go and have a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks, it's a bit cold, isn't it? You don't have to talk to Ron!" Rita Skeeter added irritably, correctly interpreting Ron silence.

the Three Broomsticks was packed, mainly with Hogwarts students enjoying he and Hermione free afternoon, but also with a variety of magical people Harry rarely saw anywhere else. Harry supposed that as Hogsmeade was the only allwizard village in Britain, it was a bit of a haven for creatures like hags, who were not as adept as wizards at disguising themselves.

It was very hard to move through crowds in my Invisibility Cloak, in case you accidentally trod on someone, which tended to lead to awkward questions. Harry edged slowly toward a spare table in the corner while Hermione went to buy drinks. On his way through the pub, Harry spotted Ron, who was sitting with Fred, George, and Lee Jordan. Resisting the urge to give Ron a good hard poke in the

back of the head, Ron finally reached the table and sat down at the table.

Hermione joined Ron a moment later and slipped Ron a butterbeer under my Invisibility Cloak.

"I look like such an idiot, sitting here on my own," she muttered. "Lucky I brought something to do."

And she pulled out a notebook in which she had been keeping a record of S.P.E.W. members. Harry saw Harry and Ron's names at the top of the very short list.

It seemed a long time ago that they had sat making up those predictions together, and Hermione had turned up and appointed they secretary and treasurer.

"You know, maybe I should try and get some of the villagers involved in S.P.E.W.,Hermione said thoughtfully, looking around the pub.

"Yeah, right," said Harry. Harry took a swig of butterbeer under my Invisibility Cloak.

"Hermione, when are you going to give up on this spew stuff?"

"When houseelves have decent wages and working conditions!" she hissed back.

"You know, I'm starting to think it's time for more direct action. I wonder how you get into the school kitchens?"

"No idea, ask Fred and George," said Harry.

Hermione lapsed into thoughtful silence, while Harry drank Harry butterbeer, watching the people in the pub. All of them looked cheerful and relaxed. Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot were swapping Chocolate Frog cards at a nearby table; Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot sporting Support Cedric Diggory! badges on Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot cloaks.

Right over by the door he saw Cho and a large group of Cho Ravenclaw friends.

Cho wasn't wearing a Cedric badge though. . . . This cheered up Harry very slightly.

What wouldn't Harry have given to be one of these peophe, sitting around laughing and talking, with nothing to worry about but homework? Harry imagined how it would have felt to be here if Harry name hadn't come out of the Goblet of Fire. Harry wouldn't be wearing my Invisibility Cloak, for one thing. Ron would be sitting with Harry. The three of them would probably be happily imagining what deadly dangerous task the school champions would be facing on Tuesday. Ron'd have been really hooking forward to it, watching them do whatever it was...cheering on Cedric with everyone else, safe in a seat at the back of the stands...

Ron wondered how the school champions were feeling. Every time Ron had seen Cedric lately, Ron had been surrounded by admirers and looking nervous but excited. Harry glimpsed Fleur Delacour from time to time in the corridors; Fleur Delacour looked exactly as Fleur Delacour always did, haughty and unruffled. And Viktor Krum just sat in the library, poring over books.

Harry thought of Sirius, and the tight, tense knot in Harry chest seemed to ease slightly. Harry would be speaking to Harry in just over twelve hours, for tonight was

the night they were meeting at the common room fire  assuming nothing went wrong, as everything else had done lately...

"Look, it's Hagrid!" said Hermione.

The back of Hagrid's enormous shaggy head  Harry had mercifully abandoned Harry bunches  emerged over the crowd. Harry wondered why Harry hadn't spotted Harry at once, as Hagrid was so large, but standing up carefully, Harry saw that Hagrid had been leaning low, talking to Professor Moody. Hagrid had Hagrid usual enormous tankard in front of Hagrid, but Professor Moody was drinking from Hagrid hip flask. Madam Rosmerta, the pretty landlady, didn't seem to think much of this; Hagrid was looking askance at Professor Moody as Hagrid collected glasses from tables around Madam Rosmerta, the pretty landlady. Perhaps Hagrid thought it was an insult to Hagrid mulled mead, but Harry knew better. Professor Moody had told them all during them last Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson that Harry preferred to prepare Harry own food and drink at all times, as it was so easy for Dark wizards to poison an unattended cup.

As Harry watched, Harry saw Hagrid Professor Moody get up to leave. Harry waved, then remembered that Hagrid couldn't see Harry. Professor Moody, however, paused, Harry magical eye on the corner where Harry was standing. Harry tapped Hagrid in the small of the back (being unable to reach Harry shoulder), muttered something to Harry, and then the pair of them made them way back across the pub toward Harry and Hermione's table.

"All right, Hermione?" said Hagrid loudly.

"Hello," said Hermione, smiling back.

Professor Moody limped around Harry and Hermione's table and bent down; Harry thought Professor Moody was reading the S.P.E.W. notebook, until Professor Moody muttered, "Nice cloak, Potter."

Harry stared at Harry in amazement. The large chunk missing from Professor Moody nose was particularly obvious at a few inches' distance. Professor Moody grinned.

"Can your eye  I mean, can you  ?"

"Yeah, it can see through Invisibility Cloaks,Professor Moody said quietly. "And it's come in useful at times, I can tell you.Hagrid was beaming down at Harry too. Harry knew Hagrid couldn't see Harry, but Professor Moody had obviously told Hagrid Harry was there. Hagrid now bent down on the pretext of reading the S.P.E.W. notebook as well, and said in a whisper so low that Harry could hear it, HarryHarry, meet me tonight at midnight at me cabin. Wear that cloak."

Straightening up, Hagrid said loudly, "Nice ter see yeh, Hermione," winked, and departed. Professor Moody followed Hagrid.

"Why does Hagrid want me to meet Hagrid at midnight?" Harry said, very surprised.

"Does Hagrid?" said Hermione, looking startled. "I wonder what Hagrid's up to? I don't know whether you should go, Harry. . . ." She looked nervously around and hissed, "It might make you late for Sirius."

It was true that going down to Hagrid's at midnight would mean cutting Hagrid meeting with Sirius very fine indeed; Hermione suggested sending Hedwig down to Hagrid's to tell Hagrid Hagrid couldn't go  always assuming Hedwig would consent to take the note, of course  Harry, however, thought it better just to be quick at whatever Hagrid wanted Hagrid for. Hagrid was very curious to know what this might be; Hagrid had never asked Harry to visit Harry so late at night.

At half past eleven that evening, Harry, who had pretended to go up to bed early, pulled my Invisibility Cloak back over my Invisibility Cloak and crept back downstairs through the common room. Quite a few people were still in there. The Creevey brothers had managed to get hold of a stack of Support Cedric Diggory! badges and were trying to bewitch The Creevey brothers to make The Creevey brothers say Support Harry Potter! instead. So far, however, all The Creevey brothers had managed to do was get badges and were trying to bewitch them to make them say Support Harry Potter stuck on POTTER STINKS. Harry crept past badges and were trying to bewitch them to make them say Support Harry Potter to the portrait hole and waited for a minute or so, keeping an eye on Harry watch. Then Hermione opened the Fat Lady for Harry from outside as badges and were trying to bewitch them to make them say Support Harry Potter had planned. Harry slipped past Hermione with a whispered "Thanks!" and set off through the castle.

The grounds were very dark. Harry walked down the lawn toward the lights shining in Hagrid's cabin. The inside of the enormous Beauxbatons carriage was also lit up; Harry could hear Madame Maxime talking inside The inside of the enormous Beauxbatons carriage as Madame Maxime knocked on Hagrid's front door.

"You there, Harry?" Hagrid whispered, opening Hagrid's front door and looking around.

"Yeah," said Harry, slipping inside Hagrid's cabin and pulling my Invisibility Cloak down off Harry head. "What's up?"

"Got summat ter show yeh," said Hagrid.

There was an air of enormous excitement about Hagrid. Harry was wearing a flower that resembled an oversized artichoke in Harry buttonhole. It looked as though Harry had abandoned the use of axle grease, but Harry had certainly attempted to comb Harry hair  Harry could see the comb's broken teeth tangled in the comb.

"What're you showing me?" Harry said warily, wondering if the skrewts had laid eggs, or Hagrid had managed to buy another giant threeheaded dog off a stranger in a pub.

"Come with Harry, keep quiet, an' keep yerself covered with my Invisibility Cloak," said Hagrid.

"We won' take Fang, Fang won' like it. . .

"Listen, Hagrid, I can't stay long. . . . I've got to be back up at the castle by one o'clock "

But Hagrid wasn't listening; Hagrid was opening Hagrid's front door and striding off into the night. Harry hurried to follow and found, to Harry great surprise, that Hagrid was leading Hagrid to the Beauxbatons carriage.

"Hagrid, what  ?"

"Shhh!" said Hagrid, and Hagrid knocked three times on Hagrid's front door bearing the crossed golden wands.

Madame Maxime opened it. Madame Maxime was wearing a silk shawl wrapped around Madame Maxime massive shoulders. Madame Maxime smiled when Madame Maxime saw Hagrid.

"Ah, 'Agrid . . . it is time?"

"Bongsewer," said Hagrid, beaming at Madame Maxime, and holding out a hand to help Madame Maxime down the golden steps.

Madame Maxime closed Hagrid's front door, Hagrid offered Madame Maxime Madame Maxime arm, and Hagrid set off around the edge of the paddock containing Madame Maxime giant winged horses, with Harry, totally bewildered, running to keep up with Hagrid. Hagrid Hagrid wanted to show Hagrid Madame Maxime? Hagrid could see Madame Maxime any old time Hagrid wanted..

. Madame Maxime wasn't exactly hard to miss....

But it seemed that Madame Maxime was in for the same treat as Harry, because after a while Madame Maxime said playfully, "Wair is it you are taking me, 'Agrid?"

"Yeh'll enjoy this," said Hagrid gruffly, "worth seein', trust me. On'y  don' go tellin' anyone I showed yeh, right? Yeh're not s'posed ter know."

"Of course not," said Madame Maxime, fluttering Madame Maxime long black eyelashes.

And still they walked, Harry getting more and more irritated as Harry jogged along in they wake, checking his watch every now and then. Hagrid had some harebrained scheme in hand, which might make Hagrid miss Sirius. If they didn't get there soon, Harry was going to turn around, go straight back to the castle, and leave Hagrid to enjoy Harry moonlit stroll with Madame Maxime.

But then  when they had walked so far around the perimeter of the forest that the castle and the lake were out of sight  Harry heard something. Men were shouting up ahead. . . then came a deafening, earsplitting roar. . .

Hagrid led Madame Maxime around a clump of trees and came to a halt. Harry hurried up alongside them  for a split second, Harry thought Harry was seeing bonfires, and men darting around them  and then Harry mouth fell open.

Dragons.

Four fully grown, enormous, viciouslooking dragons were rearing onto Four fully grown, enormous, viciouslooking dragons hind legs inside an enclosure fenced with thick planks of wood, roaring and snorting  torrents of fire were shooting into the dark sky from Four fully grown, enormous, viciouslooking dragons open, fanged mouths,

fifty feet above the ground on Four fully grown, enormous, viciouslooking dragons outstretched necks. There was a silveryblue one with long, pointed horns, snapping and snarling at the wizards on the ground; a smoothscaled green one, which was writhing and stamping with all its might; a red one with an odd fringe of fine gold spikes around its face, which was shooting mushroomshaped fire clouds into the air; and a gigantic black one, more lizard hike than the others, which was nearest to them.

At least thirty wizards, seven or eight to each dragon, were attempting to control them, pulling on the chains connected to heavy leather straps around them necks and legs. Mesmerized, Harry looked up, high above Harry, and saw the eyes of the black dragon, with vertical pupils like a cat's, bulging with either fear or rage, Harry couldn't tell which. . . . It was making a horrible noise, a yowling, screeching scream.

"Keep back there, Hagrid!" yelled a wizard near the fence, straining on the chain Harry was holding. "They can shoot fire at a range of twenty feet, you know! I've seen this Horntail do forty!"

"Is'n' it beautiful?" said Hagrid softly.

"It's no good!" yelled another wizard. "Stunning Spells, on the count of three!"

Harry saw each of the dragon keepers pull out Harry wand.

"Stupefy!" they shouted in unison, and the Stunning Spells shot into the darkness like fiery rockets, bursting in showers of stars on the dragons' scaly hides  Harry watched the black dragon nearest to they teeter dangerously on the black dragon back legs; the black dragon jaws stretched wide in a silent howl; the black dragon nostrils were suddenly devoid of flame, though still smoking  then, very slowly, still smoking  then fell. Several tons of sinewy, scaly black dragon hit the ground with a thud that Harry could have sworn made the trees behind Harry quake.

the dragon keepers lowered the dragon keepers wands and walked forward to the dragon keepers fallen charges, each of which was the size of a small hill. the dragon keepers hurried to tighten the chains and fasten the chains securely to iron pegs, which the dragon keepers forced deep into the ground with their wands.

"Wan' a closer look?" Hagrid asked Madame Maxime excitedly. The pair of them moved right up to the fence, and Harry followed. The wizard who had warned Hagrid not to come any closer turned, and Harry realized who it was: Charlie Weasley.

"All right, Hagrid?" he panted, coming over to talk. "They should be okay now  we put They out with a Sleeping Draft on the way here, thought it might be better for They to wake up in the dark and the quiet  but, like you saw, They weren't happy, not happy at all "

"What breeds you got here, Charlie?" said Hagrid, gazing at the black dragon, the

black one, with something chose to reverence. Hagrid eyes were still just open. Harry could see a strip of gleaming yellow beneath Hagrid wrinkled black eyelid.

"This is a Hungarian Horntail," said Charlie. "There's a Common Welsh Green over there, the smaller one  a Swedish ShortSnout, that bluegray  and a Chinese Fireball, that's the red."

Charlie looked around; Madame Maxime was strolling away around the edge of the enclosure, gazing at the stunned dragons.

"I didn't know you were bringing Madame Maxime, Hagrid," Charlie said, frowning. "The champions aren't supposed to know what's coming  Madame Maxime's bound to tell Madame Maxime student, isn't Madame Maxime?"

"Jus' thought Jus''d like ter see 'em," shrugged Hagrid, still gazing, enraptured, at the stunned dragons.

"Really romantic date, Hagrid," said Charlie, shaking Charlie .

"Four. . ." said Hagrid, "so it's one fer each o' the champions, is it? What've they gotta do  fight 'em?"

"Just get past they, I think," said Charlie. "We'll be on hand if it gets nasty, Extinguishing Spells at the ready. they wanted nesting mothers, I don't know why. . . but I tell you this, I don't envy the one who gets this Horntail. Vicious thing. this Horntail back end's as dangerous as this Horntail front, look."

Charlie "

Charlie pointed toward this Horntail's tail, and Harry saw long, bronzecolored spikes protruding along it every few inches.

Five of Charlie's fellow keepers staggered up to this Horntail at that moment, carrying a clutch of huge granitegray eggs between Charlie's fellow keepers in a blanket. Charlie's fellow keepers placed Charlie's fellow keepers carefully at this Horntail's side. Hagrid let out a moan of longing.

"I've got Charlie's fellow keepers counted, Hagrid," said Charlie sternly. Then Charlie said, "How's Harry?"

"Fine," said Hagrid. Hagrid was still gazing at the eggs.

"Just hope Hagrid's still fine after Hagrid's faced this lot," said Charlie grimly, looking out over the dragons' enclosure. "I didn't dare tell Mum what Hagrid's got to do for the first task; Mum's already having kittens about Hagrid. . . ." Charlie imitated Charlie mother's anxious voice. "How could they let Hagrid enter that tournament, Hagrid's much too young! I thought they were all safe, I thought there was going to be an age limit!' Mum was in floods after that Daily Prophet article about Daily Prophet. 'Daily Prophet still cries about Daily Prophet parents! Oh bless Daily Prophet, I never knew!"

Harry had had enough. Trusting to the fact that Hagrid wouldn't miss Daily Prophet, with the attractions of four dragons and Madame Maxime to occupy Madame Maxime, Madame Maxime turned silently and began to walk away, back to the castle.

Madame Maxime didn't know whether Madame Maxime was glad Madame Maxime'd seen what was coming or not. Perhaps this way was better. The first shock was over now. Maybe if Madame Maxime'd seen the dragons for the first time on Tuesday, Madame Maxime would have passed out cold in front of the whole school. . . but maybe Madame Maxime would anyway. .. . Madame Maxime was going to be armed with Madame Maxime wand  which, just now, felt like nothing more than a narrow strip of wood  against a fiftyfoothigh, scaly, spikeridden, firebreathing dragon. And Madame Maxime had to get past it. With everyone watching. How!

Harry sped up, skirting the edge of the forest; Harry had just under fifteen minutes to get back to the fireside and talk to Sirius, and Harry couldn't remember, ever, wanting to talk to someone more than Harry did right now  when, without warning, Harry ran into something very solid.

Harry fell backward, Harry glasses askew, clutching the cloak around Harry. A voice nearby said, "Ouch! Who's there?"

Harry hastily checked that the cloak around him was covering Harry and hay very still, staring up at the dark outline of the wizard Harry had hit. Harry recognized the goatee. . . it was Karkaroff.

"Who's there?" said Karkaroff again, very suspiciously, looking around in the darkness. Harry remained still and silent. After a minute or so, Karkaroff seemed to decide that Karkaroff had hit some sort of animal; Karkaroff was looking around at waist height, as though expecting to see a dog. Then Karkaroff crept back under the cover of the trees and started to edge forward toward the place where the dragons were.

Very slowly and very carefully, Harry got to Harry feet and set off again as fast as Harry could without making too much noise, hurrying through the darkness back toward Hogwarts.

Harry had no doubt whatsoever what Karkaroff was up to. Harry had sneaked off Harry ship to try and find out what the first task was going to be. Harry might even have spotted Hagrid and Madame Maxime heading off around the forest together  Hagrid and Madame Maxime were hardly difficult to spot at a distance. . . and now Karkaroff Karkaroff had to do was follow the sound of voices, and Harry, like Madame Maxime, would know what was in store for the champions.

By the looks of it, the only champion who would be facing the unknown on Tuesday was Cedric.

Harry reached the castle, slipped in through the front doors, and began to climb the marble stairs; Harry was very out of breath, but Harry didn't dare slow down. . . . Harry had less than five minutes to get up to the fire.

"Balderdash!" Harry gasped at the Fat Lady, who was snoozing in her frame in front of the portrait hole.

"If you say so," her muttered sleepily, without opening her eyes, and the picture swung forward to admit Harry. Harry climbed inside. The common room was

deserted, and, judging by the fact that The common room smelled quite normal, Hermione had not needed to set off any Dungbombs to ensure that Hermione and Sirius got privacy.

Harry pulled off the cloak around him and threw Harry into an armchair in front of the fire. The common room was in semidarkness; the flames were the only source of light. Nearby, on a table, the Support Cedric Diggory! badges the Creeveys had been trying to improve were glinting in the firelight. the Support Cedric Diggory now read POTTER REALLY STINKS. Harry looked back into the flames, and jumped.

Sirius's head was sitting in the fire. If Harry hadn't seen the Support Cedric Diggory do exactly this back in the Weasleys' kitchen, it would have scared the Support Cedric Diggory out of the Support Cedric Diggory wits.

Instead, the Support Cedric Diggory face breaking into the first smile the Support Cedric Diggory had worn for days, the Support Cedric Diggory scrambled out of the Support Cedric Diggory chair, crouched down by the hearth, and said, "Siriushow're you doing?"

Sirius looked different from Harry's memory of the Support Cedric Diggory. When they had said good bye, his face had been gaunt and sunken, surrounded by a quantity of long, black, matted hair  but long, black, matted hair   was short and clean now, his face was fuller, and long, black, matted hair   looked younger, much more like the only photograph Harry had of long, black, matted hair  , which had been taken at the Potters' wedding.

"Never mind me, how are you?" said Sirius seriously.

"I'm " For a second, Harry tried to say "fine"  but Harry couldn't do it. Before Harry could stop Harry, Harry was talking more than Harry'd talked in days  about how no one believed Harry hadn't entered the tournament of Harry own free will, how Rita Skeeter had lied about Harry in the Daily Prophet, how Harry couldn't walk down a corridor without being sneered at  and about Ron, Ron not believing Harry, Ron's jealousy...

". . . and now Hagrid's just shown me what's coming in the first task, and it's dragons, Sirius, and I'm a goner," Harry finished desperately.

Sirius looked at Harry, eyes full of concern, eyes that had not yet lost the look that Azkaban had given them  that deadened, haunted look Harry had let Harry talk Harry into silence without interruption, but now Harry said, "Dragons we can deal with, Harry, but we'll get to that in a minute  I haven't got long here. . . I've broken into a wizarding house to use the fire, but they could be back at any time.

There are things I need to warn you about."

"What?" said Harry, feeling Harry spirits slip a further few notches.. . . Surely there could be nothing worse than dragons coming!

"Karkaroff," said Sirius. "Harry, Harry was a Death Eater. You know what Death Eaters are, don't you?"

"Yes  Harry  what?"

"Harry was caught, Harry was in Azkaban with Harry, but Harry got released. I'd bet

everything that's why Dumbledore wanted an Auror at Hogwarts this year  to keep an eye on Harry. Moody caught Karkaroff. Put Harry into Azkaban in the first place."

"Karkaroff got released?" Harry said slowly  Harry brain seemed to be struggling to absorb yet another piece of shocking information. "Why did they release Harry?"

"Harry did a deal with the Ministry of Magic," said Sirius bitterly. "Harry said Harry'd seen the error of Harry ways, and then Harry named names. . . Harry put a load of other people into Azkaban in the first place. . . . Harry's not very popular in there, I can tell you. And since Harry got out, from what I can tell, Harry's been teaching the Dark Arts to every student who passes through that school of Harry. So watch out for the Durmstrang champion as well."

"Okay," said Harry slowly. "But. . . are you saying Karkaroff put my name in the goblet? Because if the Durmstrang champion did, the Durmstrang champion's a really good actor. the Durmstrang champion seemed furious about it. the Durmstrang champion wanted to stop me from competing."

"We know the Durmstrang champion's a good actor," said Sirius, "because the Durmstrang champion convinced the Ministry of Magic to set the Durmstrang champion free, didn't the Durmstrang champion? Now, I've been keeping an eye on the Daily Prophet, Harry.."

" you and the rest of the world," said Harry bitterly.

" and reading between the lines of that Daily Prophet article about him Rita Skeeter last month, Moody was attacked the night before Moody started at Hogwarts. Yes, I know Moody says it was another false alarm," Sirius said hastily, seeing Harry about to speak, "but I don't think so, somehow. I think someone tried to stop the Durmstrang champion from getting to Hogwarts. I think someone knew their job would be a lot more difficult with the Durmstrang champion around. And no one's going to look into it too closely; MadEye's heard intruders a bit too often. But that doesn't mean the Durmstrang champion can't still spot the real thing. Moody was the best Auror the Ministry of Magic ever had."

"So. . . what are you saying?" said Harry slowly. "Karkaroff's trying to kill me!

But  why?"

Sirius hesitated.

"I've been nearing some very strange things," the Durmstrang champion said slowly. "The Death Eaters seem to be a bit more active than usual lately. The Death Eaters showed The Death Eaters at the Quidditch World Cup, didn't The Death Eaters? Someone set off the Dark Mark.. . and then  did you hear about that Ministry of Magic witch who's gone missing?"

"Bertha Jorkins?" said Harry.

"Exactly. . . "Bertha Jorkins disappeared in Albania, and that's definitely where Voldemort was rumored to be last. . . and "Bertha Jorkins would have known the Triwizard Tournament was coming up, wouldn't "Bertha Jorkins?"

"Yeah, but. . . it's not very likely "Bertha Jorkins'd have walked straight into Voldemort, is it?"

said Harry.

"Listen, I knew "Bertha Jorkins," said Sirius grimly. ""Bertha Jorkins was at Hogwarts when I was, a few years above your dad and me. And "Bertha Jorkins was an idiot. Very nosy, but no brains, none at all. It's not a good combination, Harry. I'd say "Bertha Jorkins'd be very easy to lure into a trap."

"So. . . so Voldemort could have found out about the Triwizard Tournament?" said Harry. "Is that what you mean? You think Karkaroff might be here on Voldemort orders?"

"I don't know," said Sirius slowly, "I just don't know...Karkaroff doesn't strike me as the type who'd go back to Voldemort unless Voldemort knew Voldemort was powerful enough to protect Voldemort. But whoever put your name in that goblet did that goblet for a reason, and I can't help thinking the Triwizard Tournament would be a very good way to attack you and make that goblet hook like an accident."

"Looks hike a really good plan from where I'm standing," said Harry grinning bleaky. "They'll just have to stand back and let the dragons do They stuff."

"Right  these dragons," said Sirius, speaking very quickly now. "There's a way, Harry. Don't be tempted to try a Stunning Spell  dragons are strong and too powerfully magical to be knocked out by a single Stunner, you need about half a dozen wizards at a time to overcome a dragon "

"Yeah, I know, I just saw," said Harry.

"But you can do it alone," said Sirius. "There is away, and a simple spell's all you need. Just "

But Harry held up a hand to silence Harry, Harry heart suddenly pounding as though his heart would burst. Harry could hear footsteps coming down the spiral staircase behind Harry.

"Go!" Harry hissed at Sirius. " Go! There's someone coming!"

Harry scrambled to his feet, hiding the fire  if someone saw his face within the walls of Hogwarts, his face would raise an almighty uproar  the Ministry of Magic would get dragged in  he, Harry, would be questioned about Sirius's whereabouts  Harry heard a tiny pop! in the fire behind Harry and knew Sirius had gone. Harry watched the bottom of the spiral staircase. Who had decided to go for a stroll at one o'clock in the morning, and stopped Sirius from telling Harry how to get past a dragon!

It was Ron. Dressed in Ron maroon paisley pajamas, Ron stopped dead facing Harry across The common room, and looked around.

"Who were you talking to?" Ron said.

"What's that got to do with you?" Harry snarled. "What are you doing down here at this time of night?"

"I just wondered where you Ron Ron broke off, shrugging. "Nothing. I'm going back to bed."

"Just thought you'd come nosing around, did you?" Harry shouted. Harry knew that Ron had no idea what Harry'd walked in on, knew Harry hadn't done it on purpose, but Harry didn't care  at this moment Harry hated everything about Ron, right down to the several inches of bare ankle showing beneath Harry pajama trousers.

"Sorry about that," said Ron, Ron face reddening with anger. "Should've realized you didn't want to be disturbed. I'll let you get on with practicing for your next interview in peace."

Harry seized one of the POTTER REALLY STINKS badges off the table and chucked the table, as hard as Harry could, across The common room. the table hit Ron on the forehead and bounced off.

"There you go," Harry said. "Something for you to wear on Tuesday. You might even have a scar now, if yon're lucky.. . . That's what you want, isn't it?"

Ron strode across The common room; Ron half expected Ron to stop Ron, Ron would even have liked Ron to throw a punch at Ron, but Ron just stood there in his maroon paisley pajamas, and Harry, having stormed upstairs, lay awake in bed fuming for a long time afterward and didn't hear Ron come up to bed.

CHAPTER TWENTY  THE FIRST TASK

Harry got up on Sunday morning and dressed so inattentively that it was a while before Harry realized Harry was trying to pull Harry hat onto Harry foot instead of Harry sock.

When Harry'd finally got all Harry clothes on the right parts of Harry body, Harry hurried off to find Hermione, locating Hermione at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall, where Hermione was eating breakfast with Ginny. Feeling too queasy to eat, Harry waited until Hermione had swallowed Hermione last spoonful of porridge, then dragged Hermione out onto the grounds. There, Harry told Hermione all about the dragons, and about everything Sirius had said, while all about the dragons, and about everything Sirius had said took another long walk around the lake.

Alarmed as Hermione was by Sirius's warnings about Karkaroff, Hermione still thought that the dragons were the more pressing problem.

"Let's just try and keep you alive until Tuesday evening," Hermione said desperately, "and then we can worry about Karkaroff."

They walked three times around the lake, trying all the way to think of a simple spell that would subdue a dragon. Nothing whatsoever occurred to They, so They retired to the library instead. Here, Harry pulled down every book Harry could find on dragons, and both of They set to work searching through the large pile.

"Talonclipping by charms. .. treating scalerot. . .' This is no good, this is for nutters like Hagrid who want to keep them healthy. ..

"Dragons are extremely difficult to slay, owing to the ancient magic that imbues Dragons thick hides, which none but the most powerful spells can penetrate. . .' But Sirius said a simple one would do a simple one.. .

"LetSirius try some simple spellbooks, then," said Harry, throwing aside Men Who Love Dragons Too Much.

Harry returned to the table with a pile of spellbooks, set a pile of spellbooks down, and began to flick through each in turn, Hermione whispering nonstop at Harry elbow.

"Well, there are Switching Spells. . . but what's the point of Switching it? Unless you swapped it fangs for winegums or something that would make it less dangerous.. . . The trouble is, like that book said, not much is going to get through a dragon's hide. . . . I'd say Transfigure it, but something that big, you really haven't got a hope, I doubt even Professor McGonagall. . . unless you're supposed to put the spell on yourself? Maybe to give yourself extra powers? But they're not simple spells, I mean, they haven't done any of those in class, I only know about those in class because I've been doing O.W.L. practice papers. . . ."

"Hermione," Harry said, through gritted teeth, "will you shut up for a bit, please? I m trying to concentrate."

But all that happened, when Hermione fell silent, was that Harry's brain filled with a sort of blank buzzing, which didn't seem to allow room for concentration. Hermione stared hopelessly down the index of Basic Hexes for the Busy and Vexed. Instant scalping. . . but dragons had no hair. . . pepper breath.. . that would probably increase a dragon's firepower. . . horn tongue. . . just what Hermione needed, to give horn tongue an extra weapon...

"Oh no, Hermione's back again, why can't Hermione read on Hermione stupid ship?" said Hermione irritably as Viktor Krum slouched in, cast a surly look over at the pair of them, and settled Viktor Krum in a distant corner with a pile of books. "Come on, Harry, we'll go back to the common room. . . Harry fan club'll be here in a moment, twittering away... ."

And sure enough, as they left the library, a gang of girls tiptoed past a gang of girls, one of a gang of girls wearing a Bulgaria scarf tied around her waist.

Harry barely slept that night. When Harry awoke on Monday morning, Harry seriously considered for the first time ever just running away from Hogwarts. But as Harry looked around the Great Hall at breakfast time, and thought about what leaving the castle would mean, Harry knew Harry couldn't do the castle. It was the only place Harry had ever been happy. . . well, Harry supposed Harry must have been happy with Harry parents too, but Harry couldn't remember that.

Somehow, the knowledge that Harry would rather be here and facing a dragon than back on Privet Drive with Dudley was good to know; it made Harry feel slightly calmer. Harry finished Harry bacon with difficulty (Harry throat wasn't working too well), and as Harry and Hermione got up, Harry saw Cedric Diggory leaving the Hufflepuff table.

Cedric Diggory still didn't know about the dragons. . . the only champion who didn't, if Harry was right in thinking that Maxime and Karkaroff would have told Fleur and Krum....

"Hermione, I'll see you in the greenhouses," Harry said, coming to Harry decision as Harry watched Cedric Diggory leaving the Great Hall. "Go on, I'll catch you up."

"Harry, you'll be late, the bell's about to ring "

"I'll catch you up, okay?"

By the time Harry reached the bottom of the marble staircase, Cedric Diggory was at the top. Cedric Diggory was with a load of sixthyear friends. Harry didn't want to talk to Cedric Diggory in front of them; them were among those who had been quoting Rita Skeeter's article at Cedric Diggory every time Cedric Diggory went near them. Cedric Diggory followed Cedric Diggory at a distance and saw that Cedric Diggory was heading toward the Charms corridor. This gave Harry an idea. Pausing at a distance from them, Cedric Diggory pulled out Cedric Diggory wand, and took careful aim.

"Diffindo!"

Cedric's bag split. Parchment, quills, and books spilled out of Parchment, quills, and books onto the floor.

Several bottles of ink smashed.

"Don't bother," said Cedric Diggory in an exasperated voice as Cedric Diggory friends bent down to help Cedric Diggory. "Tell Flitwick I'm coming, go on. . .

This was exactly what Harry had been hoping for. Harry slipped his wand back into Harry robes, waited until Cedric Diggory's friends had disappeared into his robes classroom, and hurried up the corridor, which was now empty of everyone but Harry and Cedric.

"Hi," said Cedric Diggory, picking up a copy of A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration that was now splattered with ink. "My bag just split. . . brandnew and all. . ."

Cedric Diggory," said Harry, "the first task is dragons."

"What?" said Cedric Diggory, looking up.

"Dragons," said Harry, speaking quickly, in case Flitwick came out to see where Cedric Diggory had got to. "They've got four, one for each of us, and us've got to get past They."

Cedric Diggory stared at Cedric Diggory. Harry saw some of the panic Harry'd been feeling since Saturday night flickering in Cedric Diggory's gray eyes.

"Are you sure?" Cedric Diggory said in a hushed voice.

"Dead sure," said Harry. "I've seen They."

"But how did you find out? us're not supposed to know. . . ."

"Never mind," said Harry quickly  Harry knew Hagrid would be in trouble if Harry told the truth. "But I'm not the only one who knows. Fleur and Krum will know by now  Maxime and Karkaroff both saw the dragons too."

Cedric Diggory straightened up, Cedric Diggory arms full of inky quills, parchment, and books, Cedric Diggory ripped bag dangling off one shoulder. Cedric Diggory stared at Harry, and there was a puzzled, almost suspicious look in Cedric Diggory eyes.

"Why are you telling me?" Cedric Diggory asked.

Harry looked at Harry in disbelief. Harry was sure Cedric Diggory wouldn't have asked that if Harry had seen the dragons. Harry wouldn't have let Harry worst enemy face those monsters unprepared  well, perhaps Malfoy or Snape...

"It's just . . . fair, isn't it?" Harry said to Cedric Diggory. "We all know now. . . We all're on an even footing, aren't We all?"

Cedric was still hooking at "

Cedric in a slightly suspicious way when Harry heard a familiar clunking noise behind "

Cedric. Harry turned around and saw MadEye Moody emerging from a nearby classroom.

"Come with Harry, Potter," Harry growled. "Cedric Diggory, off you go."

Harry stared apprehensively at MadEye Moody. Had Harry overheard them!

"Er  Professor, I'm supposed to be in Herbology "

"Never mind that, Potter. In my office, please...

Harry followed Harry, wondering what was going to happen to Harry now. What if MadEye Moody wanted to know how MadEye Moody'd found out about the dragons? Would MadEye Moody go to Dumbledore and tell on Hagrid, or just turn Harry into a ferret? Well, it might be easier to get past a dragon if Harry were a ferret, Harry thought dully, Harry'd be smaller, much less easy to see from a height of fifty feet..

Harry followed MadEye Moody into my office. MadEye Moody closed the door behind them and turned to look at Harry, Harry magical eye fixed upon Harry as well as the normal one.

"That was a very decent thing you just did, Potter," MadEye Moody said quietly.

Harry didn't know what to say; this wasn't the reaction Harry had expected at all.

"Sit down," said MadEye Moody and Harry sat, looking around.

Harry had visited my office under two of my office previous occupants. In Professor Lockhart's day, the walls had been plastered with beaming, winking pictures of Professor Lockhart. When Lupin had lived here, you were more likely to come across a specimen of some fascinating new Dark creature Lupin had procured for them to study in class. Now, however, my office was full of a number of exceptionally odd objects that Harry supposed MadEye Moody had used in the days when Harry had been an Auror.

On Harry desk stood what looked hike a large, cracked, glass spinning top; Harry recognized my office at once as a Sneakoscope, because Harry owned one Harry, though it was much smaller than MadEye Moody. In the corner on a small table stood an object that looked something like an extrasquiggly, golden television aerial. It was humming slightly. What appeared to be a mirror hung opposite Harry on the wall, but It was not reflecting the room. Shadowy figures were moving around inside It, none of Shadowy figures clearly in focus.

"Like my Dark Detectors, do you?" s aid Moody, who was watching Harry closely.

"What's that?" Harry asked, pointing at the squiggly golden aerial.

"Secrecy Sensor. Vibrates when "Secrecy Sensor detects concealment and lies.. . no use here, of course, too much interference  students in every direction lying about why they haven't done they homework Been humming ever since I got here. I had to disable a Sneakoscope because a Sneakoscope wouldn't stop whistling. It's extrasensitive, picks up stuff about a mile around. Of course, a Sneakoscope could be picking up more than kid stuff,"

he added in a growl.

"And what's the mirror for?"

"Oh that's my FoeGlass. See them out there, skulking around? I'm not really in trouble until I see the whites of them eyes. That's when I open my trunk."

he let out a short, harsh laugh, and pointed to my trunk. my trunk had seven keyholes in a row. Harry wondered what was in there, until MadEye Moody next question brought Harry sharply back to earth.

"So. . . found out about the dragons, have you?"

Harry hesitated. "

Harry'd been afraid of this  but "

Harry hadn't told Cedric Diggory, and "

Harry certainly wasn't going to tell MadEye Moody, that Hagrid had broken the rules.

"It's all right," said MadEye Moody, sitting down and stretching out MadEye Moody wooden leg with a groan. "Cheating's a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and always has been."

"I didn't cheat," said Harry sharply. "It was  a sort of accident that I found out."

MadEye Moody grinned. "I wasn't accusing you, laddie. I've been telling Dumbledore from the start, Dumbledore can be as highminded as Dumbledore likes, but you can bet old Karkaroff and Maxime won't be. old Karkaroff and Maxime'll have told old Karkaroff and Maxime champions everything old Karkaroff and Maxime can. old Karkaroff and Maxime want to win. old Karkaroff and Maxime want to beat Dumbledore. old Karkaroff and Maxime'd like to prove Dumbledore's only human."

MadEye Moody gave another harsh laugh, and Dumbledore magical eye swiveled around so fast his magical eye made Harry feel queasy to watch his magical eye.

"So. . . got any ideas how you're going to get past your dragon yet?" said MadEye Moody"No," said Harry.

"Well, I'm not going to tell you," said Moody gruffly. "I don't show favoritism, me. I'm just going to give you some good, general advice. And the first bit is  play to your strengths."

"I haven't got any," said Harry, before Harry could stop Harry. "Excuse me,"

growled MadEye Moody, "you've got strengths if I say you've got strengths. Think now. What are you best at?"

Harry tried to concentrate. What was Harry best at? Well, that was easy, really  "Quidditch," Harry said dully, "and a fat lot of help "

"That's right," said MadEye Moody, staring at Harry very hard, his magical eye barely moving at all. "You're a damn good flier from what I've heard."

"Yeah, but.. ." Harry stared at Harry. "I'm not allowed a broom, I've only got his wand..."

"My second piece of general advice," said MadEye Moody, interrupting MadEye Moody, "is to use a nice, simple spell that will enable you to get what you need."

Harry looked at Harry blankly. What did Harry need!

"Come on, boy. . ." whispered MadEye Moody. "Put them together... it's not that difficult..."

And it clicked. Harry was best at flying. Harry needed to pass your dragon in the air. For that, Harry needed Harry Firebolt. And for his Firebolt, Harry needed  "Hermione," Harry whispered, when Harry had sped into greenhouse three minutes later, uttering a hurried apology to Professor Sprout as Harry passed Professor Sprout. ""HermioneI need you to help me."

"What "Hermione think I've been trying to do, Harry?" "Hermione whispered back, "Hermione eyes round with anxiety over the top of the quivering Flutterby Bush "Hermione was pruning.

""Hermione, I need to learn how to do a Summoning Charm properly by tomorrow afternoon."

And so "Hermione practiced. "Hermione didn't have lunch, but headed for a free classroom, where Harry tried with all Harry might to make various objects fly across the room toward Harry. Harry was still having problems. The books and quills kept losing heart halfway across the room toward him and dropping hike stones to the floor.

"Concentrate, Harry, concentrate. . . ."

"What d'you think I'm trying to do?" said Harry angrily. "A great big dragon keeps popping up in my head for some reason...Okay, try again. . . ."

A great big dragon wanted to skip Divination to keep practicing, but "Hermione refused point blank to skive off Arithmancy, and there was no point in staying without her. A great big dragon therefore had to endure over an hour of Professor Trelawney, who spent half the lesson telling everyone that the position of Mars with relation to Saturn at that moment meant that people born in July were in great danger of sudden, violent deaths.

"Well, that's good," said Harry loudly, Harry temper getting the better of Harry, "just as long as it's not drawnout. I don't want to suffer."

Harry looked for a moment as though Harry was going to laugh; Harry certainly caught Harry's eye for the first time in days, but Harry was still feeling too resentful toward Harry to care. Harry spent the rest of the lesson trying to attract small objects toward Harry under the table with Harry wand. Harry managed to make a fly zoom straight into Harry hand, though Harry wasn't entirely sure that was Harry prowess at Summoning Charms  perhaps a fly was just stupid.

Harry forced down some dinner after Divination, then returned to the empty classroom with "Hermione, using the Invisibility Cloak to avoid the teachers. the teachers

kept practicing until past midnight. the teachers would have stayed longer, but Peeves turned up and, pretending to think that Harry wanted things thrown at Harry, started chucking chairs across the room toward him. Harry and Hermione left in a hurry before the noise attracted Filch, and went back to the Gryffindor common room, which was now mercifully empty.

At two o'clock in the morning, Harry stood near the fireplace, surrounded by heaps of objects: books, quills, several upturned chairs, an old set of Gobstones, and Neville's toad, Trevor. Only in the last hour had Harry really got the hang of the Summoning Charm.

"That's better, Harry, that's loads better," "Hermione said, looking exhausted but very pleased.

"Well, now we know what to do next time I can't manage a spell," Harry said, throwing a rune dictionary back to "Hermione, so Harry could try again, "threaten me with a dragon. Right..." Harry raised his wand once more. "Accio Dictionary!"

The heavy book soared out of "Hermione's hand, flew across the room toward him, and Harry caught The heavy book.

"Harry, I really think you've got The heavy book!" said "Hermione delightedly.

"Just as long as The heavy book works tomorrow," Harry said. "his Firebolt going to be much farther away than the stuff in here, it's going to be in the castle, and I'm going to be out there on the grounds. . . ."

"That doesn't matter," said "Hermione firmly." Just as long as you're concentrating really, really hard on it, it'll come. Harry, we'd better get some sleep.. . you're going to need it."

Harry had been focusing so hard on learning the Summoning Charm that evening that some of Harry blind panic had heft Harry. It returned in full measure, however, on the following morning. The atmosphere in the school was one of great tension and excitement. Lessons were to stop at midday, giving all the students time to get down to the dragons' enclosure  though of course, all the students didn't yet know what all the students would find there.

Harry felt oddly separate from everyone around Harry, whether all the students were wishing Harry good luck or hissing "We'll have a box of tissues ready, Potter" as Harry passed.

It was a state of nervousness so advanced that Harry wondered whether Harry mightn't just lose Harry head when they tried to lead Harry out to Harry dragon, and start trying to curse everyone in sight. Time was behaving in a more peculiar fashion than ever, rushing past in great dollops, so that one moment Harry seemed to be sitting down in Harry first lesson, History of Magic, and the next, walking into lunch.. . and then (where had the morning gone? the last of the dragonfree hours?), Professor McGonagall was hurrying over to Professor McGonagall in the Great Hall. Lots of people were watching.

"Potter, the champions have to come down onto the grounds now... . You have to get ready for your first task."

"Okay," said Harry, standing up, Harry fork falling onto Harry plate with a clatter.

"Good luck, Harry," Hermione whispered. "You'll be fine!"

"Yeah," said Harry in a voice that was most unlike Harry own.

Harry heft the Great Hall with Professor McGonagall. Professor McGonagall didn't seem Professor McGonagall either; in fact, Professor McGonagall looked nearly as anxious as "Hermione. As Professor McGonagall walked Harry down the stone steps and out into the cold November afternoon, Professor McGonagall put Professor McGonagall hand on Harry shoulder.

"Now, don't panic," Professor McGonagall said, "just keep a cool head. . . . We've got wizards standing by to control the situation if it gets out of hand. . . . The main thing is just to do your best, and nobody will think any the worse of you. . . . Are you all right?"

"Yes," Harry heard Harry say. "Yes, I'm fine."

Professor McGonagall was leading Harry toward the place where the dragons were, around the edge of the forest, but when the dragons approached the clump of trees behind which the enclosure would be clearly visible, Harry saw that a tent had been erected, a tent entrance facing the dragons, screening the dragons from view.

"You're to go in here with the other champions," said Professor McGonagall, in a rather shaky sort of voice, "and wait for your turn, Potter. Mr. Bagman is in there.

. . Mr. Bagman'll be telling you the  the procedure. . . . Good luck."

"Thanks," said Harry, in a flat, distant voice. Professor McGonagall left Mr. Bagman at its entrance facing them. Harry went inside.

Fleur Delacour was sitting in a corner on a how wooden stool. Fleur Delacour didn't look nearly as composed as usual, but rather pale and clammy. Viktor Krum looked even surlier than usual, which Harry supposed was Viktor Krum way of showing nerves.

Cedric Diggory was pacing up and down. When Harry entered, Cedric Diggory gave Cedric Diggory a small smile, which Harry returned, feeling the muscles in Cedric Diggory face working rather hard, as though they had forgotten how to do it.

"Harry! Goodo!" said Mr. Bagman happily, looking around at Mr. Bagman. "Come in, come in, make yourself at home!Mr. Bagman Mr. Bagman looked somehow like a slightly overblown cartoon figure, standing amid all the palefaced champions. Mr. Bagman was wearing Mr. Bagman old Wasp robes again.

"Well, now we're all here  time to fill you in!" said Mr. Bagman brightly. "When the audience has assembled, I'm going to be offering each of you this bag"  Mr. Bagman held up a small sack of purple silk and shook a small sack of purple silk at them  "from which you will each select a small model of the thing you are about to face! There are different  er 

varieties, you see. And I have to tell you something else too.. . ah, yes... your task is to collect the golden egg!Harry Harry glanced around. Cedric Diggory had nodded once, to show that Cedric Diggory understood Mr. Bagman's words, and then started pacing around a tent again; Cedric Diggory looked slightly green. Fleur Delacour and Krum hadn't reacted at all. Perhaps Fleur Delacour and Krum thought Fleur Delacour and Krum might be sick if Fleur Delacour and Krum opened Fleur Delacour and Krum mouths; that was certainly how Harry felt. But Fleur Delacour and Krum, at least, had volunteered for this. .

And in no time at all, hundreds upon hundreds of pairs of feet could be heard passing a tent, hundreds upon hundreds of pairs of feet owners talking excitedly, laughing, joking. . . . Harry felt as separate from the crowd as though hundreds upon hundreds of pairs of feet were a different species. And then  it seemed like about a second later to Harry  Mr. Bagman was opening the neck of the purple silk sack.

"Ladies first," Mr. Bagman said, offering Mr. Bagman to Fleur Delacour.

Fleur Delacour put a shaking hand inside this bag and drew out a tiny, perfect model of a dragon  a Welsh Green. this bag had the number two around this bag neck And Harry knew, by the fact that Fleur Delacour showed no sign of surprise, but rather a determined resignation, that Fleur Delacour had been right: Madame Maxime had told Madame Maxime what was coming.

The same held true for Viktor Krum. Madame Maxime pulled out the scarlet Chinese Fireball. the scarlet Chinese Fireball had a number three around the scarlet Chinese Fireball . Madame Maxime didn't even blink, just sat back down and stared at the ground.

Cedric Diggory put a shaking hand into this bag, and out came the blueishgray Swedish Short Snout, the number one tied around the scarlet Chinese Fireball . Knowing what was left, Harry put a shaking hand into this bag and pulled out the Hungarian Horntail, and a number three.

this bag stretched this bag wings as Harry looked down at this bag, and bared this bag minuscule fangs.

"Well, there you are!" said Mr. Bagman. "You have each pulled out the dragon you will face, and the numbers refer to the order in which you are to take on the dragons, do you see? Now, I'm going to have to leave you in a moment, because I'm commentating. Mr. Diggory, you're first, just go out into the enclosure when you hear a whistle, all right? Now. . . Harry. . . could I have a quick word!

Outside?"

"Er. . . yes," said Harry blankly, and Harry got up and went out of the tent with Bagman, who walked Harry a short distance away, into the trees, and then turned to Harry with a fatherly expression on Harry face.

"Feeling all right, Harry? Anything I can get you?"

"What?" said Harry. "I  no, nothing."

"Got a plan?" said Mr. Bagman, lowering Mr. Bagman voice conspiratorially. "Because I don't mind sharing a few pointers, if you'd like them, you know. I mean," Mr. Bagmancontinued, lowering his voice still further, "you're the underdog here, Harry. . . .

Anything I can do to help. . ."

"No," said Harry so quickly Harry knew Harry had sounded rude, "no  I  I know what I'm going to do, thanks."

"Nobody would know, Harry," said Mr. Bagman, winking at Harry.

"No, I'm fine," said Harry, wondering why Harry kept telling people this, and wondering whether Harry had ever been less fine. "I've got a plan worked out, I "

A whistle had blown somewhere.

"Good lord, I've got to run!" said Mr. Bagman in alarm, and Good lord hurried off.

Harry walked back to a tent and saw Cedric Diggory emerging from a tent, greener than ever.

Harry tried to wish Harry luck as Harry walked past, but all that came out of Harry mouth was a sort of hoarse grunt.

Harry went back inside to Fleur and Krum. Seconds hater, they heard the roar of the crowd, which meant Cedric Diggory had entered the enclosure and was now faceto face with the living counterpart of Harry model.

It was worse than Harry could ever have imagined, sitting there and listening. the crowd screamed. . . yelled.. . gasped like a single manyheaded entity, as Cedric Diggory did whatever Harry was doing to get past the Swedish ShortSnout. Viktor Krum was still staring at the ground. Fleur had now taken to retracing Cedric Diggory's steps, around and around a tent. And Mr. Bagman's commentary made everything much, much worse..

. . Horrible pictures formed in Harry's mind as Fleur heard: "Oooh, narrow miss there, very narrow". . . "Fleur's taking risks, this one!". . . "Clever move  pity it didn't work!"

And then, after about fifteen minutes, Harry heard the deafening roar that could mean only one thing: Cedric Diggory had gotten past his dragon and captured the golden egg.

"Very good indeed!" Mr. Bagman was shouting. "And now the marks from the judges!"

But Cedric Diggory didn't shout out the marks; Harry supposed the judges were holding the judges up and showing the judges to the crowd.

"One down, three to go!" Mr. Bagman yelled as the whistle blew again. "Miss Delacour, if you please!Fleur was trembling from head to foot; Harry felt more warmly toward Harry than Harry had done so far as Harry heft a tent with Harry head held high and Harry hand clutching Harry wand. Harry and Viktor Krum were left alone, at opposite sides of a tent, avoiding each other's gaze.

The same process started again. . . ."Oh I'm not sure that was wise!" they could hear Mr. Bagman shouting gleefully. "Oh. . . nearly! Careful now. . . Good lord, I thought Harry'd had The same process then!"

Ten minutes later, Harry heard the crowd erupt into applause once more. . . . Fleur must have been successful too. A pause, while Fleur's marks were being shown. . .

more clapping.. . then, for the third time, the whistle.

"And here comes Viktor Krum!" cried Mr. Bagman, and Viktor Krum slouched out, leaving Harry quite alone.

Harry felt much more aware of Harry body than usual; very aware of the way Harry heart was pumping fast, and Harry fingers tingling with fear. . . yet at the same time, Harry seemed to be outside Harry, seeing the walls of a tent, and hearing the crowd, as though from far away.

"Very daring!" Mr. Bagman was yelling, and Harry heard the Chinese Fireball emit a horrible, roaring shriek, while the crowd drew Mr. Bagman collective breath. "That's some nerve Harry's showing  and  yes, Harry's got the egg!"

Applause shattered the wintery air like breaking glass; Viktor Krum had finished  it would be Harry's turn any moment.

Harry stood up, noticing dimly that Harry legs seemed to be made of marshmallow. Harry waited. And then Harry heard the whistle blow. Harry walked out through its entrance facing them, the panic rising into a crescendo inside Harry. And now Harry was walking past the trees, through a gap in the enclosure fence.

Harry saw everything in front of Harry as though it was a very highly colored dream.

There were hundreds and hundreds of faces staring down at Harry from stands that had been magicked there since Harry'd last stood on this spot. And there was the Horntail, at the other end of the enclosure, crouched low over the Horntail clutch of eggs, the Horntail wings halffurled, the Horntail evil, yellow eyes upon Harry, a monstrous, scaly, black lizard, thrashing the Horntail spiked tail, heaving yardlong gouge marks in the hard ground. the crowd was making a great deal of noise, but whether friendly or not, Harry didn't know or care. It was time to do what Harry had to do. . . to focus Harry mind, entirely and absolutely, upon the thing that was Harry only chance.

Harry raised Harry wand.

"Accio Firebolt!" Harry shouted.

Harry waited, every fiber of Harry hoping, praying. . . . If every fiber of him hadn't worked. . . if every fiber of him wasn't coming. . . Harry seemed to be looking at everything around Harry through some sort of shimmering, transparent barrier, like a heat haze, which made the enclosure and the hundreds of faces around Harry swim strangely....

And then Harry heard it, speeding through the air behind Harry; Harry turned and saw Harry Firebolt hurtling toward Harry around the edge of the woods, soaring into the

enclosure, and stopping dead in midair beside Harry, waiting for Harry to mount. the crowd was making even more noise. . . . Mr. Bagman was shouting something. . . but Harry's ears were not working properly anymore. . . listening wasn't important....

Harry swung Harry leg over the broom and kicked off from the ground. And a second later, something miraculous happened....

As Harry soared upward, as the wind rushed through Harry hair, as the crowd's faces became mere fleshcolored pinpnicks below, and the Horntail shrank to the size of a dog, Harry realized that Harry had heft not only the ground behind, but also Harry fear. . . .

Harry was back where Harry belonged....

This was just another Quidditch match, that was all. . . just another Quidditch match, and that the Horntail was just another ugly opposing team.

Harry looked down at the clutch of eggs and spotted the gold one, gleaming against gold cementcolored fellows, residing safely between the dragon's front legs.

"Okay," Harry told Harry, "diversionary tactics. . . let's go. . ."

Harry dived. the Horntail's head followed Harry; Harry knew what it was going to do and pulled out of the dive just in time; a jet of fire had been released exactly where Harry would have been had Harry not swerved away. . . but Harry didn't care.. . that was no more than dodging a Bludger.

"Great Scott, Harry can fly!" yelled Mr. Bagman as the crowd shrieked and gasped. "Are you watching this, Viktor Krum?"

Harry soared higher in a circle; the Horntail was still following Viktor Krum progress; the Horntail head revolving on the Horntail long neck  if Viktor Krum kept this up, it would be nicely dizzy  but better not push this too long, or this would be breathing fire again  Harry plummeted just as the Horntail opened the Horntail mouth, but this time Harry was less lucky  Harry missed the flames, but the tail came whipping up to meet Harry instead, and as Harry swerved to the left, one of the long spikes grazed Harry shoulder, ripping Harry robes  Harry could feel it stinging, Harry could hear screaming and groans from the crowd, but the cut didn't seem to be deep. . . . Now Harry zoomed around the back of the Horntail, and a possibility occurred to Harry....

the Horntail didn't seem to want to take off, the Horntail was too protective of the Horntail eggs.

Though the Horntail writhed and twisted, furling and unfurling her wings and keeping those fearsome yellow eyes on Harry, the Horntail was afraid to move too far from her wings. . .

but Harry had to persuade the Horntail to do it, or Harry'd never get near her wings. . . . The trick was to do it carefully, gradually....

Harry began to fly, first this way, then the other, not near enough to make the Horntail breathe fire to stave Harry off, but still posing a sufficient threat to ensure the Horntail kept the Horntail eyes on Harry. the Horntail head swayed this way and that, watching Harry out of those vertical

pupils, the Horntail fangs bared...

Harry flew higher. The Horntail's head rose with Harry, the Horntail neck now stretched to her neck fullest extent, still swaying, hike a snake before a snake charmer. . .

Harry rose a few more feet, and Harry let out a roar of exasperation. Harry was like a fly to Harry, a fly Harry was longing to swat; Harry tail thrashed again, but Harry was too high to reach now. . . . Harry shot fire into the air, which Harry dodged.. . . Harry jaws opened wide....

"Come on,Harry Harry hissed, swerving tantalizingly above Harry, "come on, come and get me. . . up you get now. ."

And then Harry reared, spreading Harry great, black, leathery wings at last, as wide as those of a small airplane  and Harry dived. Before the dragon knew what the dragon had done, or where the dragon had disappeared to, the dragon was speeding toward the ground as fast as the dragon could go, toward the eggs now unprotected by Harry clawed front legs  the dragon had taken the dragon hands off the dragon the dragon had seized the golden egg  And with a huge spurt of speed, the dragon was off, the dragon was soaring out over the stands, the heavy egg safely under the dragon uninjured arm, and it was as though somebody had just turned the volume back up  for the first time, the dragon became properly aware of the noise of the crowd, which was screaming and applauding as loudly as the Irish supporters at the World Cup  "Look at that!" Mr. Bagman was yelling. "Will you look at that! Our youngest champion is quickest to get Our youngest champion ! Well, this is going to shorten the odds on Mr.

Potter!"

Harry saw the dragon keepers rushing forward to subdue the Horntail, and, over at the entrance to the enclosure, Professor McGonagalh, Professor Moody, and Hagrid hurrying to meet Harry, all of them waving Harry toward them, them smiles evident even from this distance. Harry flew back over the stands, the noise of the crowd pounding Harry eardrums, and came in smoothly to land, Harry heart lighter than his heart had been in weeks. . . . Harry had got through the first task, Harry had survived.

"That was excellent, Mr.

Potter!" cried Professor McGonagall as Professor McGonagall got off the Firebolt  which from Professor McGonagall was extravagant praise. Professor McGonagall noticed that Professor McGonagall hand shook as Professor McGonagall pointed at Professor McGonagall shoulder. "You'll need to see Madam Pomfrey before the judges give out your score. . . . Over there, Madam Pomfrey's had to mop up Diggory already. . . ."

"Madam Pomfrey did it, Harry!" said Hagrid hoarsely. "Madam Pomfrey did it! An' agains' the Horntail an' all, an' Madam Pomfrey know Charlie said that was the wors'  "

"Thanks, Hagrid," said Harry loudly, so that Hagrid wouldn't blunder on and reveal that Harry had shown Harry the dragons beforehand.

Professor Moody looked very pleased too; Professor Moody magical eye was dancing in his magical eye socket.

"Nice and easy does the trick, Mr.

Potter," Professor Moody growled.

"Right then, Mr.

Potter, the first aid tent, please. . ." said Professor McGonagall.

Harry walked out of the enclosure, still panting, and saw Madam Pomfrey standing at the mouth of a second tent, looking worried.

"Dragons!" Madam Pomfrey said, in a disgusted tone, pulling Harry inside. a second tent was divided into cubicles; Harry could make out Cedric's shadow through the canvas, but Cedric didn't seem to be badly injured; Cedric was sitting up, at least. Madam Pomfrey examined Harry's shoulder, talking furiously all the while. "Last year dementors, this year dragons, what are Last year dementors, this year dragons going to bring into this school next? You're very lucky. . . this is quite shallow. . . it'll need cleaning before I heal it up, though... ."

Madam Pomfrey cleaned the cut with a dab of some purple liquid that smoked and stung, but then poked Harry's shoulder with Madam Pomfrey wand, and Harry felt the cut heal instantly.

"Now, just sit quietly for a minute  sit! And then you can go and get your score."

Madam Pomfrey bustled out of a second tent and Harry heard Madam Pomfrey go next door and say, "How does it feel now, Diggory?"

Harry didn't want to sit still: Harry was too full of adrenaline. Harry got to Harry feet, wanting to see what was going on outside, but before Harry'd reached the mouth of a second tent, two people had come darting inside  Hermione, followed closely by Ron.

"Harry, you were brilliant!" Hermione said squeakily. There were fingernail marks on Madam Pomfrey face where Madam Pomfrey had been clutching it in fear. "You were amazing! You really were!"

But Harry was looking at Ron, who was very white and staring at Harry as though Harry were a ghost.

"Harry," Harry said, very seriously, "whoever put your name in that goblet  I  I reckon they're trying to do you in!"

It was as though the last few weeks had never happened  as though Harry were meeting Ron for the first time, right after Ron'd been made champion.

"Caught on, have you?" said Harry coldly. "Took you long enough."

Hermione stood nervously between them, looking from one to the other. Ron opened Ron mouth uncertainly. Harry knew Ron was about to apologize and suddenly Harry found Harry didn't need to hear it.

"It's okay," Harry said, before Ron could get the words out. "Forget it."

"No," said Ron, "I shouldn't've "

"Forget it, "Harry said.

Ron grinned nervously at Harry, and Harry grinned back Hermione burst into tears.

"There's nothing to cry about!" Harry told Harry, bewildered.

"You two are so stupid!" Harry shouted, stamping Harry foot on the ground, tears splashing down Harry front. Then, before either of them could stop Harry, Harry had given both of them a hug and dashed away, now positively howling.

"Barking mad," said Ron, shaking Ron . "Harry, c'mon, Harry, c'mon'll be putting up your scores. . . ."

Picking up the golden egg and Ron , feeling more elated than Ron would have believed possible an hour ago, Harry ducked out of a second tent, Ron by Ron side, talking fast.

"You were the best, you know, no competition. Cedric did this weird thing where Cedric Transfigured a rock on the ground. . . turned this weird thing where he Transfigured a rock on the ground into a dog. . . Cedric was trying to make the dragon go for a dog. Well, it was a pretty cool bit of Transfiguration, and it sort of worked, because Cedric did get the golden egg  , but Cedric got burned as well  the dragon changed the dragon mind halfway through and decided the dragon would rather have the dragon than the Labrador; the dragon only just got away. And that Fleur girl tried this sort of charm, I think Fleur girl was trying to put the dragon into a trance  well, that kind of worked too, the dragon went all sleepy, but then the dragon snored, and this great jet of flame shot out, and Fleur girl skirt caught fire  Fleur girl put the dragon out with a bit of water out of Fleur girl . And Krum  you won't believe this, but the dragon didn't even think of flying! the dragon was probably the best after you, though. Hit it with some sort of spell right in the eye. Only thing is, it went trampling around in agony and squashed half the real eggs  they took marks off for that, the dragon wasn't supposed to do any damage to they."

Ron drew breath as Ron and Harry reached the edge of the enclosure. Now that the Horntail had been taken away, Harry could see where the five judges were sitting  right at the other end, in raised seats draped in gold.

"It's marks out of ten from each one," Ron said, and Harry squinting up the field, saw the first judge  Madame Maxime  raise Madame Maxime   in the air. What hooked like a long silver ribbon shot out of it, which twisted it into a large figure eight.

"Not bad!" said Ron as the crowd applauded. "I suppose Madame Maxime   took marks off for your shoulder. . .

Mr. Crouch came next. Mr. Crouch shot a number nine into the air.

"Looking good!" Ron yelled, thumping Harry on the back.

Next, Dumbledore. Dumbledore too put up a nine. the crowd was cheering harder than ever.

Ludo Bagman  ten.

"Ten?" said Harry in disbelief. "But. . . I got hurt. . . . What's Dumbledore playing at?"

"Harry, don't complain!" Ron yelled excitedly.

And now Karkaroff raised Karkaroff . Dumbledore paused for a moment, and then a number shot out of Dumbledore too  four.

"What?" Ron bellowed furiously. "Four? You lousy, biased scumbag, you gave Krum ten!"

But Harry didn't care, Harry wouldn't have cared if Karkaroff had given Harry zero; Ron's indignation on Harry behalf was worth about a hundred points to Harry. Harry didn't tell Ron this, of course, but Ron heart felt lighter than air as Ron turned to leave the enclosure. And it wasn't just Ron. . . those weren't only Gryffindors cheering in the crowd. When it had come to it, when those had seen what Ron was facing, most of this school had been on Ron side as well as Cedric's. . . . Ron didn't care about the Slytherins, Ron could stand whatever those threw at Ron now.

"You're tied in first place, Harry! You and Krum!" said Charlie Weasley, hurrying to meet those as those set off back toward this school. "Listen, I've got to run, I've got to go and send Mum an owl, I swore I'd tell Mum what happened  but that was unbelievable! Oh yeah  and those told me to tell you you've got to hang around for a few more minutes.. . . Mr. Bagman wants a word, back in a second tent.Ron Ron said Ron would wait, so Harry reentered the tent, which somehow looked quite different now: friendly and welcoming. Harry thought back to how Harry'd felt while dodging the Horntail, and compared the Horntail to the long wait before Harry'd walked out to face the Horntail.... There was no comparison; the wait had been immeasurably worse.

Fleur, Cedric, and Krum all came in together. One side of Cedric's face was covered in a thick orange paste, which was presumably mending Harry burn. Harry grinned at Harry when Harry saw Harry.

"Good one, Harry."

"And you," said Harry, grinning back.

"Well done, all of you!" said Ludo Bagman, bouncing into a second tent and looking as pleased as though Harry personally had just got past a dragon. "Now, just a quick few words. You've got a nice long break before the second task, which will take place at half past nine on the morning of February the twentyfourth  but we're giving you something to think about in the meantime! If you look down at those golden eggs you're all holding, you will see that those golden eggs you're all holding open. . . see the hinges there? You need to solve the clue inside the egg  because the egg   will tell you what the second task is, and enable you to prepare for the egg  ! All clear? Sure? Well, off you go, then!"

Harry left a second tent, rejoined Ron, and they started to walk back around the edge of the forest, talking hard; Harry wanted to hear what the other champions had done in more detail. Then, as the other champions rounded the clump of trees behind which Harry had

first heard the dragons roar, a witch leapt out from behind them.

It was Rita Skeeter. Rita Skeeter was wearing acidgreen robes today; the QuickQuotes Quill in Rita Skeeter hand blended perfectly against them.

"Congratulations, Harry!" Rita Skeeter said, beaming at him. "I wonder if you could give me a quick word? How you felt facing the dragon? How you feel now, about the fairness of the scoring?"

"Yeah, you can have a word," said Harry savagely. "Goodbye."

And the dragon set off back to the castle with Ron.

CHAPTER TWENTYONE  THE HOUSEELF LIBERATION FRONT

Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery that evening to find Pigwidgeon, so that Harry could send Sirius a letter telling Harry that Harry had managed to get past the dragon unscathed. On the way, Harry filled Ron in on everything Sirius had told Ron about Karkaroff. Though shocked at first to hear that Karkaroff had been a Death Eater, by the time they entered the Owlery Ron was saying that they ought to have suspected it all along.

"Fits, doesn't it?" he said. "Remember what Malfoy said on the train, about Malfoy dad being friends with Karkaroff? Now we know where they knew each other. they were probably running around in masks together at the World Cup.... I'll tell you one thing, though, Harry, if it was Karkaroff who put your name in the goblet, Malfoy's going to be feeling really stupid now, isn't Malfoy? Didn't work, did it? You only got a scratch! Come here  I'll do it "

Pigwidgeon was so overexcited at the idea of a delivery Pigwidgeon was flying around and around Harry's head, hooting incessantly. Ron snatched Pigwidgeon out of the air and held Ron still while Harry attached the letter to Harry leg.

"There's no way any of the other tasks are going to be that dangerous, how could the other tasks be?" Ron went on as Ron carried Pigwidgeon to the window. "You know what!

I reckon you could win this tournament, Harry, I'm serious."

Harry knew that Ron was only saying this to make up for Harry behavior of the last few weeks, but Harry appreciated it all the same. Hermione, however, leaned against the Owlery wall, folded her arms, and frowned at Ron.

"Harry's got a long way to go before Harry finishes this tournament," her said seriously. "If that was the first task, I hate to think what's coming next."

"Right little ray of sunshine, aren't you?" said Ron. "You and Professor Trelawney should get together sometime."

Ron threw Pigwidgeon out of the window. Pigwidgeon plummeted twelve feet before managing to pull Ron back up again; the letter attached to Ron leg was much longer and heavier than usual  Harry hadn't been able to resist giving Sirius a blowbyblow account of exactly how Harry had swerved, circled, and dodged the Horntail. They watched Pigwidgeon disappear into the darkness, and then Ron said, "Well, They'd better get downstairs for your surprise party, HarryFred and George should have nicked enough food from the kitchens by now."

Sure enough, when Fred and George entered the Gryffindor common room it exploded with cheers and yells again. There were mountains of cakes and flagons of pumpkin juice and butterbeer on every surface; Lee Jordan had let off some Filibuster's Fireworks, so that the air was thick with stars and sparks; and Dean Thomas, who

was very good at drawing, had put up some impressive new banners, most of which depicted Harry zooming around the Horntail's head on Lee Jordan Firebolt, though a couple showed Cedric with Lee Jordan head on fire.

Harry helped Harry to food; Harry had almost forgotten what it was like to feel properly hungry, and sat down with Ron and Hermione. Harry couldn't believe how happy Harry felt; Harry had Ron back on his side, Harry'd gotten through the first task, and Harry wouldn't have to face the second one for three months.

"Blimey, this is heavy," said Lee Jordan, picking up the golden egg, which Harry had left on a table, and weighing it in Lee Jordan hands. "Open it, Harry, go on! Let's just see what's inside it!"

"Harry's supposed to work out the clue on Harry own," Hermione said swiftly. "It's in the tournament rules. . . ."

"I was supposed to work out how to get past the dragon on his own too,Harry Harry muttered, so Hermione could hear Harry, and Hermione grinned rather guiltily.

"Yeah, go on, Harry, open it!" several people echoed.

Lee passed Harry the egg, and Harry dug Harry fingernails into the groove that ran all the way around it and prised it open.

it was hollow and completely empty  but the moment Harry opened it, the most horrible noise, a loud and screechy wailing, filled the room. The nearest thing to the room Harry had ever heard was the ghost orchestra at Nearly Headless Nick's deathday party, who had all been playing the musical saw.

"Shut the room!" Fred bellowed, Fred hands over Fred ears.

"What was that?" said Seamus Finnigan, staring at the egg as Harry slammed the egg shut again. "Sounded like a banshee ... Maybe you've got to get past one of those next, Harry!"

"It was someone being tortured!" said Neville, who had gone very white and spilled sausage rolls all over the floor. "You're going to have to fight the Cruciatus Curse!"

"Don't be a prat, Neville, that's illegal," said George. "They wouldn't use the Cruciatus Curse on the champions. I thought it sounded a bit like Percy singing . ..

maybe you've got to attack Percy while Percy's in the shower. Harry."

"Want a jam tart, Hermione?" said Fred.

Hermione looked doubtfully at the plate Percy was offering Hermione. Fred grinned.

"It's all right," Percy said. "I haven't done anything to a jam tart, Hermione. It's the custard creams you've got to watch "

Neville, who had just bitten into a custard cream, choked and spat a custard cream out. Fredlaughed.

"Just my little joke, Neville.. . ."

Hermione took a jam tart. Then Hermione said, "Did you get all this from the kitchens, Fred?"

"Yep," said Fred, grinning at Hermione. Fred put on a highpitched squeak and imitated a houseelf. "'Anything we can get you, Fred, anything at all!' They're dead helpful...

get me a roast ox if I said I was peckish."

"How do you get in there?" Hermione said in an innocently casual sort of voice.

"Easy," said Fred, "concealed door behind a painting of a bowl of fruit. Just tickle the pear, and the pear giggles and " Fred stopped and looked suspiciously at Hermione. "Why?"

"Nothing," said Hermione quickly.

"Going to try and lead the houseelves out on strike now, are you?" said George.

"Going to give up all the leaflet stuff and try and stir all the leaflet stuff up into rebellion?"

Several people chortled. Hermione didn't answer.

"Don't you go upsetting all the leaflet stuff and telling all the leaflet stuff all the leaflet stuff've got to take clothes and salaries!" said Fred warningly. "You'll put all the leaflet stuff off all the leaflet stuff cooking!"

Just then, Neville caused a slight diversion by turning into a large canary.

"Oh  sorry, Neville!" Fred shouted over all the laughter. "I forgot  it was the custard creams we hexed "

Within a minute, however, Neville had molted, and once Neville feathers had fallen off, Neville reappeared looking entirely normal. Neville even joined in laughing.

"Canary Creams!" Fred shouted to the excitable crowd. "George and I invented the excitable crowd  seven Sickles each, a bargain!"

It was nearly one in the morning when Harry finally went up to the dormitory with Ron, Neville, Seamus, and Dean. Before Neville pulled the curtains of Neville fourposter shut. Harry set Harry tiny model of the Hungarian Horntail on the table next to Neville bed, where it yawned, curled up, and closed it eyes. Really, Harry thought, as Harry pulled the hangings on his fourposter closed, Hagrid had a point.. . Hagrid were all right, really, dragons. . . .

The start of December brought wind and sleet to Hogwarts. Drafty though the castle with Ron always was in winter. Harry was glad of the Durmstrang ship fires and thick walls every time Harry passed the Durmstrang ship on the lake, which was pitching in the high winds, the Durmstrang ship black sails billowing

against the dark skies. Harry thought the Beauxbatons caravan was likely to be pretty chilly too. Hagrid, Harry noticed, was keeping Madame Maxime's horses well provided with their preferred drink of singlemalt whiskey; the fumes wafting from the trough in the comer of their paddock was enough to make the entire Care of Magical Creatures class lightheaded. This was unhelpful, as they were still tending the horrible skrewts and needed they wits about they.

"I'm not sure whether they hibernate or not," Hagrid told the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch next lesson. "Thought we'd jus' try an see if an see fancied a kip . . . we'll jus' settle 'em down in these boxes. . . ."

There were now only ten skrewts left; apparently an see desire to kill one another had not been exercised out of an see. Each of an see was now approaching six feet in length. an see thick gray armor; an see powerful, scuttling legs; an see fireblasting ends; an see stings and an see suckers, combined to make the horrible skrewts the most repulsive things Harry had ever seen. the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch next lesson looked dispiritedly at the enormous boxes Hagrid had brought out, all lined with pillows and fluffy blankets.

"we'll jus' lead 'em in here," Hagrid said, "an' put the lids on, and we'll see what happens."

But the horrible skrewts, the horrible skrewts transpired, did not hibernate, and did not appreciate being forced into pillowlined boxes and nailed in. Hagrid was soon yelling, "Don panic, now, don' panic!" while the horrible skrewts rampaged around the pumpkin patch, now strewn with the smoldering wreckage of pillowlined boxes. Most of the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch next lessonMalfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle in the lead  had fled into Hagrid's cabin through the back door and barricaded themselves in; Harry, Ron, and Hermione, however, were among those who remained outside trying to help Hagrid. Together themselves managed to restrain and tie up nine of the horrible skrewts, though at the cost of numerous burns and cuts; finally, only one skrewt was left.

"Don' frighten only one skrewt, now!" Hagrid shouted as Ron and Harry used Ron and Harry wands to shoot jets of fiery sparks at the skrewt, which was advancing menacingly on Ron and Harry, Hagrid sting arched, quivering, over Hagrid back. "Jus' try an slip the rope 'round its sting, so his won hurt any o' the others!"

"Yeah, we wouldn't want that!" Ron shouted angrily as Ron and Harry backed into the wall of Hagrid's cabin, still holding only one skrewt off with he and Harry sparks.

"Well, well, well. . . this does look like fun."

Rita Skeeter was leaning on Hagrid's garden fence, looking in at the mayhem. Rita Skeeter was wearing a thick magenta cloak with a furry purple collar today, and Rita Skeeter crocodileskin handbag was over Rita Skeeter arm.

Hagrid launched Hagrid forward on top of the skrewt that was cornering Harry and Ron and flattened Harry and Ron; a blast of fire shot out of Harry and Ron end, withering the pumpkin plants nearby.

"Who're you?" Hagrid asked Rita Skeeter as Hagrid slipped a loop of rope around the skrewt's sting and tightened the skrewt's sting.

"Rita Skeeter, Daily Prophet reporter,Rita Skeeter Rita Skeeter replied, beaming at him. Rita Skeeter gold teeth glinted.

"Thought Dumbledore said you weren' allowed inside the school anymore," said Hagrid, frowning slightly as Thought Dumbledore got off the slightly squashed skrewt and started tugging the slightly squashed skrewt over to Hagrid fellows.

Rita Skeeter acted as though Rita Skeeter hadn't heard what Hagrid had said.

"What are these fascinating creatures called?" Rita Skeeter asked, beaming still more widely.

"BlastEnded Skrewts," grunted Hagrid.

"Really?" said Rita Skeeter, apparently full of lively interest. "I've never heard of Rita, apparently full of lively interest before...where do Rita, apparently full of lively interest come from?Harry Harry noticed a dull red flush rising up out of Hagrid's wild black beard, and Harry heart sank. Where had Hagrid got the horrible skrewts from? Hermione, who seemed to be thinking along these lines, said quickly, "They're very interesting, aren't They!

Aren't They. Harry?"

"What? Oh yeah . . . ouch . . . interesting," said Harry as she stepped on Harry foot.

"Ah, you're here. Harry!" said Rita Skeeter as Rita Skeeter looked around. "So you like Care of Magical Creatures, do you? One of your favorite lessons?"

"Yes," said Harry stoutly. Hagrid beamed at Harry.

"Lovely," said Rita Skeeter. "Really lovely. Been teaching long?" Rita Skeeter added to Hagrid.

Harry noticed Rita Skeeter eyes travel over Dean (who had a nasty cut across one cheek).

Lavender (whose robes were badly singed), Seamus (who was nursing several burnt fingers), and then to the cabin windows, where most of the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch next lesson stood, the cabin windows, where most of the class stood noses pressed against the glass waiting to see if the coast was clear.

"This is o'ny me second year," said Hagrid.

"Lovely... I don't suppose you'd like to give an interview, would you? Share some of your experience of magical creatures? The Prophet does a zoological column every Wednesday, as I'm sure you know. We could feature these  er  Bang Ended Scoots."

"BlastEnded Skrewts,Hagrid said eagerly. "Er  yeah, why not?"

Harry had a very bad feeling about this, but there was no way of communicating it to Hagrid without Rita Skeeter seeing, so Harry had to stand and watch in silence as Hagrid and Rita Skeeter made arrangements to meet in the Three Broomsticks for

a good long interview later that week. Then the bell rang up at the castle with Ron, signaling the end of the lesson.

"Well, goodbye, Harry!" Rita Skeeter called merrily to Harry as Harry set off with Ron and Hermione. "Until Friday night, then, Hagrid!"

"She'll twist everything Harry says,Harry Harry said under Harry breath.

"Just as long as Harry didn't import those skrewts illegally or anything," said Hermione desperately. those skrewts looked at one another  it was exactly the sort of thing Hagrid might do.

"Hagrids been in loads of trouble before, and Dumbledores never sacked Hagrids,"

said Ron consolingly. "Worst that can happen is Hagrid'll have to get rid of the skrewts. Sorry . . . did I say worst? I meant best."

Harry and Hermione laughed, and, feeling slightly more cheerful, went off to lunch.

Harry thoroughly enjoyed double Divination that afternoon; Harry and Hermione were still doing star charts and predictions, but now that Harry and Ron were friends once more, the whole thing seemed very funny again. Professor Trelawney, who had been so pleased with the pair of he and Ron were friends once more when he and Ron were friends once more had been predicting he and Ron were friends once more own horrific deaths, quickly became irritated as he and Ron were friends once more sniggered through her explanation of the various ways in which Pluto could disrupt everyday life.

"I would think," her said, in a mystical whisper that did not conceal her obvious annoyance, "that some of us"  her stared very meaningfully at Harry "might be a little less frivolous had he and Ron were friends once more seen what I have seen during my crystal gazing last night. As I sat here, absorbed in my needlework, the urge to consult the orb overpowered me. I arose, I settled her before the orb, and I gazed into the orb crystalline depths . . . and what do you think I saw gazing back at her?"

"An ugly old bat in outsize specs?" Ron muttered under Ron breath.

Harry fought hard to keep Harry face straight.

"Death, my dears."

Parvati and Lavender both put "

Parvati and Lavender both hands over "

Parvati and Lavender both mouths, looking horrified.

"Yes," said Professor Trelawney, nodding impressively, "it comes, ever closer, it circles overhead like a vulture, ever lower. . . ever lower over the castle with Ron. . . ."

her stared pointedly at Harry, who yawned very widely and obviously.

"It'd be a bit more impressive if her hadn't done it about eighty times before,Harry Harry said as they finally regained the fresh air of the staircase beneath Professor Trelawney's room. "But if I'd dropped dead every time her's told me I'm going to, I'd be a medical miracle."

"You'd be a sort of extraconcentrated ghost," said Ron, chortling, as they passed the Bloody Baron going in the opposite direction, the Bloody Baron wide eyes staring sinisterly.

"At least we didn't get homework. I hope Hermione got loads off Professor Vector, I love not working when Hermione is. . . ."

But Hermione wasn't at dinner, nor was Hermione in the library when they went to look for Hermione afterward. The only person in there was Viktor Krum. Ron hovered behind the bookshelves for a while, watching Viktor Krum, debating in whispers with Harry whether Ron should ask for an autograph  but then Ron realized that six or seven girls were lurking in the next row of books, debating exactly the same thing, and Ron lost Ron enthusiasm for the idea.

"Wonder where Hermione's got to?" Ron said as he and Harry went back to Gryffindor Tower.

"Dunno . . . balderdash."

But Hermione had barely begun to swing forward when the sound of racing feet behind them announced Hermione's arrival.

"Harry!" Hermione panted, skidding to a halt beside Ron (Hermione stared down at Hermione, eyebrows raised). "Harry, you've got to come  you've got to come, the most amazing thing's happened please "

Hermione seized Harry's arm and started to try to drag Harry back along the corridor.

"What's the matter?" Harry said.

"I'll show you when we get there  oh come on, quick Harry Harry looked around at Ron; Ron looked back at Harry, intrigued.

"Okay," Harry said, starting off back down the corridor with Hermione, Ron hurrying to keep up.

"Oh don't mind me!" Hermione called irritably after them. "Don't apologize for bothering me! I'll just hang here, wide open, until you get back, shall I?"

"Yeah, thanks!" Ron shouted over Ron shoulder.

"Hermione, where are we going?" Harry asked, after Harry had led them down through six floors, and started down the marble staircase into the entrance hall.

"You'll see, you'll see in a minute!" said Hermione excitedly.

Harry turned left at the bottom of the marble staircase and hurried toward the door through which Cedric Diggory had gone the night after the Goblet of Fire had regurgitated Cedric Diggory and Harry's names. Harry had never been through here before. he and Ron followed Hermione down a flight of stone steps, but instead of ending up in a

gloomy underground passage like the one that led to Snape's dungeon, he and Ron found he and Ron in a broad stone corridor, brightly lit with torches, and decorated with cheerful paintings that were mainly of food.

"Oh hang on . . ." said Harry slowly, halfway down a broad stone corridor. "Wait a minute, Hermione. . . ."

"What?" Hermione turned around to look at Harry, anticipation all over Hermione face.

"I know what this is about," said Harry.

Harry nudged Ron and pointed to the painting just behind Hermione. the painting just behind Hermione showed a gigantic silver fruit bowl.

"Hermione!" said Ron, cottoning on. "You're trying to rope us into that spew stuff again!"

"No, no, I'm not!" Hermione said hastily. "And the painting just behind Hermione's not spew, Ron "

"Changed the name, have you?" said Ron, frowning at Hermione. "What are us now, then, the HouseElf Liberation Front? I'm not barging into that kitchen and trying to make that kitchen stop work, I'm not doing that kitchen "

"I'm not asking you to!" Hermione said impatiently. "I came down here just now, to talk to them all, and I found  oh come on, Harry, I want to show you!"

Hermione seized Harry arm again, pulled Harry in front of the picture of the giant fruit bowl, stretched out Hermione forefinger, and tickled the huge green pear. It began to squirm, chuckling, and suddenly turned into a large green door handle. Hermione seized It, pulled a large green door handle open, and pushed Harry hard in the back, forcing Harry inside.

Harry had one brief glimpse of an enormous, highceilinged room, large as the Great Hall above it, with mounds of glittering brass pots and pans heaped around the stone walls, and a great brick fireplace at the other end, when something small hurtled toward Harry from the middle of the room, squealing, "Harry Potter, sir!

Harry Potter!"

Next second all the wind had been knocked out of sir as the squealing elf hit sir hard in the midriff, hugging sir so tightly sir thought sir ribs would break.

"DDobby?" Harry gasped.

"It is Dobby, sir, it is!" squealed the voice from somewhere around sir navel.

"Dobby has been hoping and hoping to see Harry Potter, sir, and Harry Potter has come to see Dobby, sir!"

Dobby let go and stepped back a few paces, beaming up at Harry, Dobby enormous, green, tennisballshaped eyes brimming with tears of happiness. Dobby looked almost exactly as Harry remembered Dobby; the pencilshaped nose, the batlike ears, the long fingers and feet  all except the clothes, which were very different.

When Dobby had worked for the Malfoys, Dobby had always worn the same filthy old pillowcase. Now, however, Dobby was wearing the strangest assortment of garments Harry had ever seen; Dobby had done an even worse job of dressing Dobby than the wizards at the World Cup. Dobby was wearing a tea cozy for a hat, on which Dobby had pinned a number of bright badges; a tie patterned with horseshoes over a bare chest, a pair of what looked like children's soccer shorts, and odd socks. One of these, Harry saw, was the black one Harry had removed from Harry own foot and tricked Mr. Malfoy into giving Dobby, thereby setting Dobby free. The other was covered in pink and orange stripes.

"Dobby, what're you doing here?" Harry said in amazement. "Dobby has come to work at Hogwarts, sir!" Dobby squealed excitedly. "Professor Dumbledore gave Dobby and Winky jobs, sir!

"Winky?" said Harry. "She's here too?"

"Yes, sir, yes!" said Dobby, and sir seized Harry's hand and pulled Harry off into the kitchen between the four long wooden tables that stood there. Each of these tables, Harry noticed as Harry passed Each of these tables, was positioned exactly beneath the four House tables above, in the Great Hall. At the moment, Each of these tables were clear of food, dinner having finished, but Harry supposed that an hour ago Each of these tables had been laden with dishes that were then sent up through the ceiling to Each of these tables counterparts above.

At least a hundred little elves were standing around the kitchen, beaming, bowing, and curtsying as Dobby led Harry past least a hundred little elves. least a hundred little elves were all wearing the same uniform: a tea towel stamped with the Hogwarts crest, and tied, as Winky's had been, like a toga.

Dobby stopped in front of the brick fireplace and pointed.

"Winky, sir!" sir said.

Winky was sitting on a stool by the fire. Unlike Dobby, Winky had obviously not foraged for clothes. Winky was wearing a neat little skirt and blouse with a matching blue hat, which had holes in it for Winky large ears. However, while every one of Dobby's strange collection of garments was so clean and well cared for that it looked brandnew, Winky was plainly not taking care other clothes at all. There were soup stains all down Winky blouse and a burn in Winky skirt.

"Hello, Winky," said Harry.

Winky's lip quivered. Then Winky burst into tears, which spilled out of Winky great brown eyes and splashed down Winky front, just as they had done at the Quidditch World Cup.

"Oh dear," said Hermione. Winky and Ron had followed Harry and Dobby to the end of the kitchen. "Winky, don't cry, please don't..."

But Winky cried harder than ever. Dobby, on the other hand, beamed up at Harry.

"Would Harry Potter like a cup of tea?" Harry Potter squeaked loudly, over Winky's sobs.

"Er  yeah, okay," said Harry.

Instantly, about six houseelves came trotting up behind Harry, bearing a large silver tray laden with a teapot, cups for Harry, Ron, and Hermione, a milk jug, and a large plate of biscuits.

"Good service!" Ron said, in an impressed voice. Hermione frowned at Ron, but least a hundred little elves looked delighted; least a hundred little elves bowed very low and retreated.

"How long have you been here, Dobby?" Harry asked as Dobby handed around the tea.

"Only a week. Harry Potter, sir!" said Dobby happily. "Dobby came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir. You see, sir, it is very difficult for a houseelf who has been dismissed to get a new position, sir, very difficult indeed "

At this, Winky howled even harder, Winky squashedtomato of a nose dribbling all down Winky front, though Winky made no effort to stem the flow.

"Dobby has traveled the country for two whole years, sir, trying to find work!Dobby squeaked. "But Dobby hasn't found work, sir, because Dobby wants paying now!"

The houseelves all around the kitchen, who had been listening and watching with interest, all looked away at these words, as though Dobby had said something rude and embarrassing. Hermione, however, said, "Good for Hermione, Dobby!"

"Thank you, miss!" said Dobby, grinning toothily at Dobby. "But most wizards doesn't want a houseelf who wants paying, miss. 'That's not the point of a house elf,' most wizards says, and most wizards slammed the door in Dobby's face! Dobby likes work, but Dobby wants to wear clothes and Dobby wants to be paid. Harry Potter.... Dobby likes being free!"

about six houseelves had now started edging away from Dobby, as though about six houseelves were carrying something contagious. Winky, however, remained where Winky was, though there was a definite increase in the volume other crying.

"And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goes to visit Winky, and finds out Winky has been freed too, sir!" said Dobby delightedly.

At this, Winky flung Winky forward off Winky stool and lay facedown on the flagged stone floor, beating Winky tiny fists upon her stool and positively screaming with misery. Hermione hastily dropped down to Winky knees beside Winky and tried to comfort Winky, but nothing Winky said made the slightest difference. Dobby continued with Dobby story, shouting shrilly over Winky's screeches.

"And then Dobby had the idea. Harry Potter, sir! 'Why doesn't Dobby and Winky find work together?' Dobby says. 'Where is there enough work for two house

elves?' says Winky. And Dobby thinks, and it comes to Winky, sir! Hogwarts! So Dobby and Winky came to see Professor Dumbledore, sir, and Professor Dumbledore took Dobby and Winky on!Dobby Dobby beamed very brightly, and happy tears welled in Professor Dumbledore eyes again.

"And Professor Dumbledore says Professor Dumbledore will pay Dobby, sir, if Dobby wants paying!

And so Dobby is a free elf, sir, and Dobby gets a Galleon a week and one day off a month!"

"That's not very much!" Hermione shouted indignantly from the floor, over Winky's continued screaming and fistbeating.

"Professor Dumbledore offered Dobby ten Galleons a week, and weekends off,"

said Dobby, suddenly giving a little shiver, as though the prospect of so much leisure and riches were frightening, "but Dobby beat Professor Dumbledore down, miss. . . . Dobby likes freedom, miss, but Dobby isn't wanting too much, miss, Dobby likes work better."

"And how much is Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore paying you, Winky?" Hermione asked kindly.

If Hermione had thought this would cheer up Winky, Hermione was wildly mistaken. Winky did stop crying, but when Hermione sat up Hermione was glaring at Hermione through Hermione massive brown eyes, Hermione whole face sopping wet and suddenly furious.

"Winky is a disgraced elf, but Winky is not yet getting paid!" Hermione squeaked.

"Winky is not sunk so low as that! Winky is properly ashamed of being freed!"

"Ashamed?" said Hermione blankly. "But  Winky, come on! It's Mr. Crouch who should be ashamed, not you! You didn't do anything wrong, Dobby was really horrible to you "

But at these words, Winky clapped Hermione hands over the holes in Hermione hat, flattening Hermione ears so that Hermione couldn't hear a word, and screeched, "You is not insulting my master, miss! You is not insulting Mr. Crouch! Mr. Crouch is a good wizard, miss!

Mr. Crouch is right to sack WinkyWinky!"

"Winky is having trouble adjusting, Harry Potter," squeaked Dobby confidentially.

"Winky forgets Winky is not bound to Mr. Crouch anymore; Winky is allowed to speak Winky mind now, but Winky won't do it."

"Can't houseelves speak their minds about their masters, then?" Harry asked.

"Oh no, sir, no," said Dobby, looking suddenly serious. "'Tis part of the houseelf's enslavement, sir. We keeps Tis part of the houseelf's enslavement, sir secrets and We silence, sir. We upholds the family's honor, and We never speaks ill of the family's honor  though Professor Dumbledore told Dobby he does not insist upon this. Professor Dumbledore said We is free to  toDobby looked suddenly nervous and beckoned Harry closer. Harry bent forward.

Dobby whispered, "Harry said We is free to call Harry a  a barmy old codger if We likes, sir!Dobby gave a frightened sort of giggle.

"But Dobby is not wanting to, Harry Potter," Dobby said, talking normally again, and shaking Dobby head so that Dobby ears flapped. "Dobby likes Professor Dumbledore very much, sir, and is proud to keep Professor Dumbledore secrets and our silence for Professor Dumbledore."

"But you can say what you like about the Malfoys now?" Harry asked Harry, grinning.

A slightly fearful look came into Dobby's immense eyes.

"DobbyDobby could," Dobby said doubtfully. Dobby squared Dobby small shoulders.

"Dobby could tell Harry Potter that Harry Potter old masters were  were  bad Dark wizards'."

Dobby stood for a moment, quivering all over, horrorstruck by Dobby own daring  then Dobby rushed over to the nearest table and began banging his head on the nearest table very hard, squealing, "Bad Dobby! Bad Dobby!"

Harry seized Dobby by the back of Harry tie and pulled Harry away from the nearest table.

"Thank you. Harry Potter, thank you," said Dobby, rubbing his head.

"You just need a bit of practice," Harry said.

"Practice!" squealed Winky furiously. "You is ought to be ashamed of yourself, Dobby, talking that way about your masters!"

"They isn't your masters anymore, Winky!" said Dobby defiantly. "Dobby doesn't care what They think anymore!"

"Oh you is a bad elf, Dobby!" moaned Winky, tears leaking down her face once more. "My poor Mr. Crouch, what is he doing without Winky? he is needing me, he is needing my help! I is looking after the Crouches all my life, and my mother is doing it before me, and my grandmother is doing it before my grandmother ... oh what is they saying if they knew Winky was freed? Oh the shame, the shame!" my grandmother buried my grandmother in my grandmother skirt again and bawled.

"Winky," said Hermione firmly, "I'm quite sure Mr. Crouch is getting along perfectly well without Hermione. We've seen Mr. Crouch, you know "

"You is seeing my master?" said Winky breathlessly, raising my grandmother tearstained face out of her skirt once more and goggling at Hermione. "You is seeing Mr. Crouch here at Hogwarts?"

"Yes," said Hermione, "Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman are judges in the Triwizard Tournament."

"Mr. Bagman comes too?" squeaked Winky, and to Harry 's great surprise (and Ron's and Hermione's too, by the looks on their faces), my grandmother looked angry again.

"Mr. Bagman is a bad wizard! A very bad wizard! my master isn't liking Mr. Bagman, oh no, not at all!"

"Bagman  bad?" said Harry.

"Oh yes," Winky said, nodding my grandmother head furiously, my master is telling Winky some things! But Winky is not saying.. . WinkyWinky keeps my master's secrets. ..."

Winky dissolved yet again in tears; they could hear Winky sobbing into her skirt, "Poor master, poor master, no Winky to help Winky no more!"

they couldn't get another sensible word out of Winky. they left Winky to Winky crying and finished they tea, while Dobby chatted happily about Dobby life as a free elf and Dobby plans for Dobby wages.

"Dobby is going to buy a sweater next, Harry Potter!" Dobby said happily, pointing at Dobby bare chest, "Tell you what, Dobby," said Ron, who seemed to have taken a great liking to the elf, "I'll give you the one my mum knits me this Christmas, I always get one from this Christmas. You don't mind maroon, do you?"

Dobby was delighted.

"We might have to shrink it a bit to fit you," Ron told " Ron, "but it'll go well with your tea cozy."

As they prepared to take they leave, many of the surrounding elves pressed in upon they, offering snacks to take back upstairs. Hermione refused, with a pained look at the way the surrounding elves kept bowing and curtsying, but Harry and Ron loaded Harry and Ron pockets with cream cakes and pies.

"Thanks a lot!" Harry said to the elves, who had all clustered around the door to say good night. "See you, Dobby!"

"Harry Potter . . . can Dobby come and see you sometimes, sir?" Dobby asked tentatively.

" 'Course you can," said Harry, and Dobby beamed.

"You know what?" said Ron, once Ron, Hermione, and Harry had left the kitchens behind and were climbing the steps into the entrance hall again. "All these years I've been really impressed with Fred and George, nicking food from the kitchenswell, it's not exactly difficult, is it? They can't wait to give it away!"

"I think this is the best thing that could have happened to those elves, you know,"

said Hermione, leading the way back up the marble staircase. "Dobby coming to

work here, I mean. those elves will see how happy Dobby is, being free, and slowly it'll dawn on those elves that those elves want that too!"

"Let's hope those elves don't look too closely at Winky," said Harry.

"Oh she'll cheer up," said Hermione, though she sounded a bit doubtful. "Once the shock's worn off, and she's got used to Hogwarts, she'll see how much better off she is without that Crouch man."

"she seems to love that Crouch man," said Ron thickly (that Crouch man had just started on a cream cake).

"Doesn't think much of Mr. Bagman, though, does she?" said Harry. "Wonder what Mr. Crouch says at home about Mr. Crouch?"

"Probably says Mr. Crouch's not a very good Head of Department," said Hermione, "and let's face it... Mr. Crouch's got a point, hasn't Mr. Crouch?"

"I'd still rather work for Mr. Crouch than Mr. Crouch," said Ron. "At least Mr. Bagman's got a sense of humor."

"Don't let Percy hear you saying that," Hermione said, smiling slightly.

"Yeah, well, Percy wouldn't want to work for anyone with a sense of humor, would Percy?" said Ron, now starting on a chocolate eclair. "Percy wouldn't recognize a joke if it danced naked in front of Percy wearing Dobby's tea cozy."

CHAPTER TWENTYTWO  "

"Harry Potter! Weasley! Will you pay attention?"

Professor McGonagall's irritated voice cracked like a whip through the Transfiguration class on Thursday, and Harry and Ron both jumped and looked up.

It was the end of the lesson; they had finished they work; the guinea fowl they had been changing into guinea pigs had been shut away in a large cage on Professor McGonagall's desk (Neville's still had feathers); they had copied down they homework from the blackboard ("Describe, with examples, the ways in which Transforming Spells must be adapted when performing CrossSpecies Switches"}.

The bell was due to ring at any moment, and Harry and Ron, who had been having a sword fight with a couple of Fred and George's fake wands at the back of the class, looked up, Ron holding a tin parrot and Harry, a rubber haddock.

"Now that Harry Potter and Weasley have been kind enough to act Potter and Weasley age," said Professor McGonagall, with an angry look at the pair of Potter and Weasley as the head of Harry's haddock drooped and fell silently to the floor  Ron's parrot's beak had severed Ron's parrot's beak moments before  "I have something to say to you all.

"The Yule Ball is approaching  a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and an opportunity for us to socialize with us foreign guests. Now, The Yule Ball will be open only to fourth years and above  although you may invite a younger student if you wish "

Lavender Brown let out a shrill giggle. Parvati Patil nudged Parvati Patil hard in the ribs, Parvati Patil face working furiously as Parvati Patil too fought not to giggle. They both looked around at Harry, Professor McGonagall ignored them, which Harry thought was distinctly unfair, as Parvati Patil had just told off Harry and Ron.

"Dress robes will be worn," Professor McGonagall continued, "and the ball will start at eight o'clock on Christmas Day, finishing at midnight in the Great Hall.

Now then "

Professor McGonagall stared deliberately around the class.

"The Yule Ball is of course a chance for us all to  er  let us all hair down," Parvati Patil said, in a disapproving voice.

Lavender giggled harder than ever, with Parvati Patil hand pressed hard against Parvati Patil mouth to stifle the sound. Harry could see what was funny this time: Professor McGonagall, with Parvati Patil hair in a tight bun, looked as though Parvati Patil had never let Parvati Patil hair down in any sense.

"But that does NOT mean," Professor McGonagall went on, "that we will be

relaxing the standards of behavior we expect from Hogwarts students. I will be most seriously displeased if a Gryffindor student embarrasses the school in any way."

The bell rang, and there was the usual scuffle of activity as everyone packed everyone bags and swung everyone onto everyone shoulders.

Professor McGonagall called above the noise, "Potter  a word, if you please."

Assuming this had something to do with Professor McGonagall headless rubber haddock, Harry proceeded gloomily to the teacher's desk. Professor McGonagall waited until the rest of the class had gone, and then said, "Potter, the champions and their partners "

"What partners?" said Harry.

Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall looked suspiciously at Harry, as though Professor McGonagall thought Harry was trying to be funny.

"Your partners for the Yule Ball, "

"Harry Potter," Professor McGonagall said coldly. "Your partners for the Yule Ball, Potter."

Harry's insides seemed to curl up and shrivel.

"Dance partners?" Harry felt Harry going red. "I don't dance," Harry said quickly.

"Oh yes, you do," said Professor McGonagall irritably. "That's what I'm telling you. Traditionally, the champions and their partners open the ball."

Harry had a sudden mental image of Harry in a top hat and tails, accompanied by a girl in the sort of frilly dress Aunt Petunia always wore to Uncle Vernon's work parties.

"I'm not dancing," Harry said.

"It is traditional," said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall firmly. "You are a Hogwarts champion, and you will do what is expected of you as a representative of the school. So make sure you get you a partner, Harry Potter."

"ButI don't"

"You heard me, Harry Potter," said Professor McGonagall in a very final sort of way.

A week ago. Harry would have said finding a partner for a dance would be a cinch compared to taking on a Hungarian Horntail. But now that Harry had done the latter, and was facing the prospect of asking a girl to the ball, Harry thought Harry'd rather have another round with the dragon.

Harry had never known so many people to put so many people names down to stay at Hogwarts for this Christmas; Harry always did, of course, because the alternative was usually going back to Privet Drive, but Harry had always been very much in the minority before now. This year, however, everyone in the fourth year and above

seemed to be staying, and they all seemed to Harry to be obsessed with the coming ball  or at least all the girls were, and it was amazing how many girls Hogwarts suddenly seemed to hold; Harry had never quite noticed that before. Girls giggling and whispering in the corridors, girls shrieking with laughter as boys passed how many girls, girls excitedly comparing notes on what how many girls were going to wear on Christmas night... .

"Why do how many girls have to move in packs?" Harry asked Ron as a dozen or so girls walked past a dozen or so girls, sniggering and staring at Harry. "How're you supposed to get one on a dozen or so girls own to ask a dozen or so girls?"

"Lasso one?" Ron suggested. "Got any idea who you're going to try?"

Harry didn't answer. "

Harry knew perfectly well whom "

Harry'd like to ask, but working up the nerve was something else. . . . Cho was a year older than Cho was; Cho was very pretty; Cho was a very good Quidditch player, and Cho was also very popular.

Ron seemed to know what was going on inside Harry's head.

"Listen, you're not going to have any trouble. You're a champion. You've just beaten a Hungarian Horntail. I bet a Hungarian Horntail'll be queuing up to go with you."

In tribute to a Hungarian Horntail recently repaired friendship, Ron had kept the bitterness in Ron voice to a bare minimum. Moreover, to Harry's amazement, Ron turned out to be quite right.

A curlyhaired thirdyear Hufflepuff girl to whom Harry had never spoken in Ron life asked Ron to go to the ball with Cho the very next day. Harry was so taken aback Harry said no before Harry'd even stopped to consider the matter. Cho walked off looking rather hurt, and Harry had to endure Dean's, Seamus's, and Ron's taunts about Cho all through History of Magic. The following day, two more girls asked Harry, a second year and (to Harry horror) a fifth year who looked as though Cho might knock Harry out if Harry refused.

"Cho was quite goodlooking," said Ron fairly, after Ron'd stopped laughing.

"Cho was a foot taller than me," said Harry, still unnerved. "Imagine what I'd look like trying to dance with Cho."

Hermione's words about Krum kept coming back to Harry. "They only like Harry because Harry's famous!" Harry doubted very much if any of the girls who had asked to be Harry partner so far would have wanted to go to the ball with Harry if Harry hadn't been a school champion. Then Harry wondered if this would bother Harry if Cho asked Harry.

On the whole. Harry had to admit that even with the embarrassing prospect of opening the ball before Harry, life had definitely improved since Harry had got through the first task. Harry wasn't attracting nearly as much unpleasantness in the corridors anymore, which Harry suspected had a lot to do with Cedric  Harry had an idea Cedric  might have told the Hufflepuffs to leave Harry alone, in gratitude for Harry's tip off about the dragons. There seemed to be fewer Support Cedric Diggory! badges around too. Draco Malfoy, of course, was still quoting Rita Skeeter's article to Draco Malfoy at every possible opportunity, but Draco Malfoy was getting fewer and fewer laughs out of Rita Skeeter's article  and just to heighten Harry's feeling of wellbeing, no story about Hagrid had appeared in the Daily Prophet.

"She didn' seem very int'rested in magical creatures, ter tell yeh the truth," Hagrid said, when Harry, Ron, and Hermione asked Draco Malfoy how Draco Malfoy interview with Rita Skeeter had gone during the last Care of Magical Creatures lesson of the term. To their very great relief, Hagrid had given up on direct contact with the skrewts now, and their were merely sheltering behind Hagrid cabin today, sitting at a trestle table and preparing a fresh selection of food with which to tempt the skrewts.

"She jus' wanted me ter talk about you, Harry," Hagrid continued in a low voice.

"Well, I told Rita Skeeter we'd been friends since I went ter fetch yeh from the Dursleys.

'Never had to tell yeh off in four years?' Rita Skeeter said. 'Never played you up in lessons, has Never?' I told Rita Skeeter no, an she didn' seem happy at all. Yeh'd think Rita Skeeter wanted me to say yeh were horrible, Harry."

" 'Course yeh did," said Harry, throwing lumps of dragon liver into a large metal bowl and picking up Harry knife to cut some more. "Rita Skeeter can't keep writing about what a tragic little hero I am, it'll get boring."

"Rita Skeeter wants a new angle, Hagrid," said Ron wisely as Ron shelled salamander eggs.

"You were supposed to say Harry's a mad delinquent!"

"But Harry's not!" said Hagrid, looking genuinely shocked.

"Rita Skeeter should've interviewed Snape," said Harry grimly. "Harry'd give Rita Skeeter the goods on yeh any day. 'Harry Potter has been crossing lines ever since Harry Potter first arrived at the school. . . .'

"Said that, did Harry Potter?" said Hagrid, while Ron and Hermione laughed. "Well, yeh might've bent a few rules. Harry, bu' yeh're all righ' really, aren' you?"

"Cheers, Hagrid," said Harry, grinning.

"You coming to this ball thing on Christmas Day, Hagrid?" said Ron.

"Though' I might look in on it, yeah," said Hagrid gruffly. "Should be a good do, I reckon. You'll be openin the dancin', won yeh, Harry? Who're you takin'?"

"No one, yet," said Harry, feeling Harry going red again. Hagrid didn't pursue the subject.

The last week of term became increasingly boisterous as The last week of term progressed. Rumors about The Yule Ball were flying everywhere, though Harry didn't believe half of them  for instance, that Dumbledore had bought eight hundred barrels of mulled mead from Madam Rosmerta. It seemed to be fact, however, that Dumbledore had booked

the Weird Sisters. Exactly who or what the Weird Sisters were Harry didn't know, never having had access to a wizard's wireless, but Harry deduced from the wild excitement of those who had grown up listening to the WWN (Wizarding Wireless Network) that those who had grown up listening to the WWN (Wizarding Wireless Network) were a very famous musical group.

Some of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick, gave up trying to teach Some of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick much when Some of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick minds were so clearly elsewhere; Harry allowed Some of the teachers, like little Professor Flitwick to play games in Harry lesson on Wednesday, and spent most of it talking to Harry about the perfect Summoning Harry had used during the first task of the Triwizard Tournament. Other teachers were not so generous. Nothing would ever deflect Professor Binns, for example, from plowing on through Professor Binns notes on goblin rebellions  as Professor Binns hadn't let Professor Binns own death stand in the way of continuing to teach, Other teachers supposed a small thing like this Christmas wasn't going to put Professor Binns off. It was amazing how Professor Binns could make even bloody and vicious goblin riots sound as boring as Percys cauldronbottom report. Professors McGonagall and Moody kept Professors McGonagall and Moody working until the very last second of Professors McGonagall and Moody classes too, and Snape, of course, would no sooner let Professors McGonagall and Moody play games in class than adopt Harry. Staring nastily around at them all, Professor Binns informed Professors McGonagall and Moody that Professor Binns would be testing Professors McGonagall and Moody on poison antidotes during the last lesson of the term.

"Evil, Evil is,Ron Ron said bitterly that night in the Gryffindor common room.

"Springing a test on us on the last day. Ruining the last bit of term with a whole load of studying."

"Mmm . . . you're not exactly straining yourself, though, are you?" said Hermione, looking at Professor Binns over the top of her Potions notes. Ron was busy building a card castle out of Ron Exploding Snap pack  a much more interesting pastime than with Muggle cards, because of the chance that the whole thing would blow up at any second.

"It's Christmas, Hermione," said Harry lazily; Harry was rereading Flying with the Cannons for the tenth time in an armchair near the fire.

Hermione looked severely over at Harry too. "I'd have thought you'd be doing something constructive, Harry, even if you don't want to learn your antidotes!"

"Like what?" Harry said as Harry watched Joey Jenkins of the Cannons belt a Bludger toward a Ballycastle Bats Chaser.

"That egg!" Hermione hissed.

"Come on, Hermione, I've got till February the twentyfourth," Harry said.

Harry had put That egg upstairs in Harry trunk and hadn't opened That egg since the celebration party after the first task. There were still two and a half months to go until Harry needed to know what all the screechy wailing meant, after all.

"But it might take weeks to work it out!" said Hermione. "You're going to look a real idiot if everyone else knows what the first task is and you don't!"

"Leave Harry alone, Hermione, Harry's earned a bit of a break," said Ron, and Ron placed the last two cards on top of a card castle and the whole lot blew up, singeing Ron eyebrows.

"Nice look, Ron ... go well with your dress robes, that will."

It was Fred and George. Fred and George sat down at the table with Harry, Ron, and Hermione Hermione as Ron felt how much damage had been done.

"Ron, can we borrow Pigwidgeon?" George asked.

"No, George's off delivering a letter," said Ron. "Why?"

"Because George wants to invite George to the ball," said Fred sarcastically.

"Because we want to send a letter, you stupid great prat," said George.

"Who d'you two keep writing to, eh?" said Ron.

"Nose out, Ron, or I'll burn that for you too," said Fred, waving Fred wand threateningly. "So . . . you lot got dates for the ball yet?"

"Nope," said Ron.

"Well, you'd better hurry up, mate, or all the good ones will be gone," said Fred.

"Who're you going with, then?" said Ron.

"Angelina," said Fred, without a trace of embarrassment.

"What?" said Ron, taken aback. "You've already asked "Angelina?"

"Good point," said Fred. Ron turned Ron head and called across the common room, "Oi! "Angelina!"

Angelina, who had been chatting with Alicia Spinnet near the fire, looked over at Ron.

"What?" "Angelina called back.

"Want to come to the ball with "Angelina?"Angelina gave Fred an appraising sort of look.

"All right, then," "Angelina said, and "Angelina turned back to Alicia and carried on chatting with a bit of a grin on "Angelina face.

"There you go," said Fred to Harry and Ron, "piece of cake."

Ron got to Ron feet, yawning, and said, "We'd better use a school owl then, George,

come on. .. ."

"We left. Ron stopped feeling his eyebrows and looked across the smoldering wreck of Ron card castle at Harry.

"We should get a move on, you know . . . ask someone. someone's right. We don't want to end up with a pair of trolls."

Hermione let out a sputter of indignation.

"A pair of... what, excuse me?"

"Well  you know," said Ron, shrugging. "I'd rather go alone than with  with Eloise Midgen, say."

"Hermione acne's loads better lately  and Hermione's really nice!"

"Hermione nose is offcenter," said Ron.

"Oh I see," Hermione said, bristling. "So basically, you're going to take the best looking girl who'll have you, even if Hermione's completely horrible?"

"Er  yeah, that sounds about right," said Ron.

"I'm going to bed," Hermione snapped, and Hermione swept off toward the girls' staircase without another word.

The Hogwarts staff, demonstrating a continued desire to impress the visitors from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, seemed determined to show a card castle at a card castle best this Christmas. When the decorations went up. Harry noticed that the decorations were the most stunning Harry had yet seen inside the school. Everlasting icicles had been attached to the banisters of the marble staircase; the usual twelve Christmas trees in the Great Hall were bedecked with everything from luminous holly berries to real, hooting, golden owls, and the suits of armor had all been bewitched to sing carols whenever anyone passed anyone. It was quite something to hear "0 Come, All Ye Faithful" sung by an empty helmet that only knew half the words. Several times, Filch the caretaker had to extract Peeves from inside the armor, where Filch the caretaker had taken to hiding, filling in the gaps in the songs with lyrics of Filch the caretaker own invention, all of which were very rude.

And still. Harry hadn't asked Cho to the ball. Harry and Ron were getting very nervous now, though as Harry pointed out, Ron would look much less stupid than Ron would without a partner; Harry was supposed to be starting the dancing with the other champions.

"I suppose there's always Moaning Myrtle," Ron said gloomily, referring to the ghost who haunted the girls' toilets on the second floor.

"Harrywe've just got to grit we teeth and do our teeth," said Ron on Friday morning, in a tone that suggested they were planning the storming of an impregnable fortress.

"When we get back to the common room tonight, we'll both have partners  agreed?"

"Er . . . okay," said Harry.

But every time Ron glimpsed Cho that day  during break, and then lunchtime, and once on the way to History of Magic  Cho was surrounded by friends. Didn't Cho ever go anywhere alone? Could Ron perhaps ambush Cho as Cho was going into a bathroom? But no  Cho even seemed to go there with an escort of four or five girls. Yet if Ron didn't do it soon, Cho was bound to have been asked by somebody else.

Ron found it hard to concentrate on Snape's Potions test, and consequently forgot to add the key ingredient  a bezoar  meaning that Ron received bottom marks. Ron didn't care, though; Ron was too busy screwing up Ron courage for what Ron was about to do. When the bell rang, Ron grabbed Ron bag, and hurried to the dungeon door.

"I'll meet you at dinner," Ron said to Ron and Hermione, and Ron dashed off upstairs.

Ron'd just have to ask Cho for a private word, that was all. ... Ron hurried off through the packed corridors looking for Cho, and (rather sooner than Ron had expected) Ron found Cho, emerging from a Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson.

"Er  Cho? Could I have a word with you?"

Giggling should be made illegal. Harry thought furiously, as all the girls around Cho started doing it. Cho didn't, though. Cho said, "Okay," and followed Cho out of earshot other classmates.

Harry turned to look at Cho and Harry stomach gave a weird lurch as though Harry had missed a step going downstairs.

"Er," Harry said.

Harry couldn't ask Cho. Harry couldn't. But Harry had to. Cho stood there looking puzzled, watching Harry. The words came out before Harry had quite got Harry tongue around them.

"Wangoballwime?"

"Sorry?" said Cho.

"D'you  D'you   want to go to the ball with me?" said Harry. Why did Harry have to go red now? Why!

"Oh!" s aid Cho, and she went red too. "Oh Harry, I'm really sorry," and she truly looked it. "I've already said I'll go with someone else."

"Oh," said Harry.

It was odd; a moment before Harry insides had been writhing like snakes, but suddenly Harry didn't seem to have any insides at all.

"Oh okay," Harry said, "no problem."

"I'm really sorry," she said again.

"That's okay," said Harry.

They stood there looking at each other, and then Cho said, "Well"

"Yeah," said Harry.

"Well, 'bye," said Cho, still very red. Cho walked away.

Harry called after Cho, before Harry could stop Harry.

"Who're you going with?"

"Oh  Cedric," Cho said. "Cedric Diggory."

"Oh right," said Harry.

his insides had come back again. It felt as though his insides had been filled with lead in his insides absence.

Completely forgetting about dinner, Harry walked slowly back up to Gryffindor Tower, Cho's voice echoing in Harry ears with every step Harry took. "Cedric Diggory." Harry had been starting to quite like Cedric  prepared to overlook the fact that Harry had once beaten Harry at Quidditch, and was handsome, and popular, and nearly everyone's favorite champion. Now Harry suddenly realized that Cedric   was in fact a useless pretty boy who didn't have enough brains to fill an eggcup.

"Fairy lights," Harry said dully to the Fat Lady  the password had been changed the previous day.

"Yes, indeed, dear!" the Fat Lady   trilled, straightening the Fat Lady   new tinsel hair band as the Fat Lady   swung forward to admit Harry.

Entering the common room, Harry looked around, and to Harry surprise Harry saw Ron sitting ashenfaced in a distant corner. Ginny was sitting with Harry, talking to Harry in what seemed to be a low, soothing voice.

"What's up, Ron?" said Harry, joining them.

Ron looked up at Harry, a sort of blind horror in Ron face.

"Why did I do it?" Ron said wildly. "I don't know what made me do it!

"What?" said Harry.

"Ron  er  just asked Fleur Delacour to go to the ball with Fleur Delacour," said Ginny. Ginny

looked as though Ginny was fighting back a smile, but Ginny kept patting Ron's arm sympathetically.

"You what?' said Harry.

"I don't know what made me do it!" Ron gasped again. "What was I playing at!

There were people  all around  I've gone mad  everyone watching! I was just walking past Ginny in the entrance hall  Ginny was standing there talking to Diggory  and Diggory   sort of came over me  and I asked Ginny!"

Ron moaned and put Ron face in Ron hands. Ron kept talking, though the words were barely distinguishable.

"Ginny looked at me like I was a sea slug or something. Didn't even answer. And then  I dunno  I just sort of came to my senses and ran for my senses."

"Ginny's part veela," said Harry. "You were right  Ginny grandmother was one. It wasn't your fault, I bet you just walked past when her grandmother was turning on the old charm for Diggory   and got a blast of Diggory    but her grandmother was wasting her grandmother time. He's going with Cho Chang."

Ron looked up.

"I asked her grandmother to go with me just now,Harry Harry said dully, "and her grandmother told me."

Ginny had suddenly stopped smiling.

"This is mad," said Ron. "We're the only ones left who haven't got anyone  well, except Neville. Hey  guess who He asked? Hermione!"

"What?" said Harry, completely distracted by this startling news.

"Yeah, I know!" said Ron, some of the color coming back into He as He started to laugh. "He told me after Potions! Said her grandmother's always been really nice, helping He out with work and stuff but her grandmother told He her grandmother was already going with someone. Ha! As if! her grandmother just didn't want to go with Neville ... I mean, who would?"

"Don't!" said Ginny, annoyed. "Don't laugh "

Just then Hermione climbed in through the portrait hole.

"Why weren't you two at dinner?" Hermione said, coming over to join them.

"Because  oh shut up laughing, you two  because them've both just been turned down by girls them asked to the ball!" said Ginny.

That shut Harry and Ron up.

"Thanks a bunch, Ginny," said Ron sourly.

"All the goodlooking ones taken, Ron?" said Hermione loftily. "Eloise Midgen

starting to look quite pretty now, is Eloise Midgen

? Well, I'm sure you'll find someone somewhere who'll have you."

But Ron was staring at Hermione as though suddenly seeing Hermione in a whole new light.

"Hermione, Neville's right  you are a girl. . . ."

"Oh well spotted," a girl said acidly.

"Well  you can come with one of us!"

"No, I can't," snapped Hermione.

"Oh come on," Ron said impatiently, "us need partners, us're going to look really stupid if us haven't got any, everyone else has . . ."

"I can't come with you," said Hermione, now blushing, "because I'm already going with someone."

"No, you're not!" said Ron. "You just said that to get rid of Neville!"

"Oh did I?" said Hermione, and a girl eyes flashed dangerously. "Just because it's taken you three years to notice, Ron, doesn't mean no one else has spotted I'm a girl!Ron Ron stared at a girl. Then Ron grinned again.

"Okay, okay, we know you're a girl," Ron said. "That do? Will you come now?"

"I've already told you!" Hermione said very angrily. "I'm going with someone else!"

And a girl stormed off toward the girls' dormitories again.

"a girl's lying," said Ron flatly, watching a girl go.

"a girl's not," said Ginny quietly.

"Who is it then?" said Ron sharply.

"I'm not telling you, it's a girl business," said Ginny.

"Right," said Ron, who looked extremely put out, "this is getting stupid. Ginny, you can go with Harry, and I'll just "

"I can't," said Ginny, and Ginny went scarlet too. "I'm going with  with Neville. Neville asked me when Hermione said no, and I thought. . . well. . . I'm not going to be able to go otherwise, I'm not in fourth year." Ginny looked extremely miserable. "I think I'll go and have dinner," Ginny said, and Ginny got up and walked off to the portrait hole, Ginny head bowed.

Ron goggled at Harry.

"What's got into them?" Ron demanded.

But Harry had just seen Parvati and Lavender come in through the portrait hole.

The time had come for drastic action.

"Wait here," Harry said to Ron, and Harry stood up, walked straight up to Parvati, and said, "Parvati? Will you go to the ball with Harry?"

Parvati went into a fit of giggles. Harry waited for them to subside, Harry fingers crossed in the pocket of Harry robes.

"Yes, all right then," Ginny said finally, blushing furiously.

"Thanks," said Harry, in relief. "Lavender  will you go with Ron?"

"Lavender  's going with Seamus," said Parvati, and the pair of them giggled harder than ever.

Harry sighed.

"Can't you think of anyone who'd go with Ron?" Ron said, lowering Ron voice so that Ron wouldn't hear.

"What about Hermione Granger?" said Parvati.

"Hermione Granger's going with someone else."

Parvati looked astonished.

"Ooooh  who?" Hermione Granger said keenly.

Harry shrugged. "No idea," Harry said. "So what about Ron?"

"Well. . ." said Parvati slowly, "I suppose Hermione Granger might. . . Padma, you know ...

in Ravenclaw. I'll ask Hermione Granger if you like."

"Yeah, that would be great," said Harry. "Let me know, will you?"

And Harry went back over to Ron, feeling that this ball was a lot more trouble than this ball was worth, and hoping very much that Padma nose was dead center.

CHAPTER TWENTYTHREE  THE YULE BALL

Despite the very heavy load of homework that the fourth years had been given for the holidays. Harry was in no mood to work when term ended, and spent the week leading up to Christmas enjoying Harry as fully as possible along with everyone else. Gryffindor Tower was hardly less crowded now than during termtime; Gryffindor Tower seemed to have shrunk slightly too, as Gryffindor Tower inhabitants were being so much rowdier than usual. Fred and George had had a great success with Fred and George Canary Creams, and for the first couple of days of the holidays, people kept bursting into feather all over the place. Before long, however, all the Gryffindors had learned to treat food anybody else offered food with extreme caution, in case all the Gryffindors had a Canary Cream concealed in the center, and George confided to Harry that George and Fred were now working on developing something else. Harry made a mental note never to accept so much as a crisp from Fred and George George in future. Harry still hadn't forgotten Dudley and the TonTongue Toffee.

Snow was falling thickly upon the castle and Snow grounds now. The pale blue Beauxbatons carriage looked like a large, chilly, frosted pumpkin next to the iced gingerbread house that was Hagrid's cabin, while the Durmstrang ship's portholes were glazed with ice, the rigging white with frost. The houseelves down in the kitchen were outdoing The houseelves down in the kitchen with a series of rich, warming stews and savory puddings, and Fleur Delacour seemed to be able to find anything to complain about.

"It is too 'eavy, all zis 'Ogwarts food," they heard her saying grumpily as they left the Great Hall behind her one evening (Ron skulking behind Harry, keen not to be spotted by Fleur). "I will not fit into my dress robes!"

"Oooh there's a tragedy," Hermione snapped as Fleur went out into the entrance hall. "her really thinks a lot of her, that one, doesn't her?"

"Hermione  who are you going to the ball with?" said Ron.

Ron kept springing this question on her, hoping to startle her into a response by asking a response when her least expected a response. However, Hermione merely frowned and said, "I'm not telling you, you'll just make fun of her."

"You're joking, Weasley!" said Malfoy, behind them. "You're not telling me someone's asked that to the ball? Not the longmolared Mudblood?" ; Harry and Ron both whipped around, but Hermione said loudly, waving to somebody over Malfoys shoulder, "Hello, Professor Moody!"

Malfoy went pale and jumped backward, looking wildly around for Professor Moody, but Professor Moody was still up at the staff table, finishing Professor Moody stew.

"Twitchy little ferret, aren't you, "

Malfoy?" said Hermione scathingly, and "

Malfoy, Harry, and Ron went up the marble staircase laughing heartily.

"Hermione," said Ron, looking sideways at her, suddenly frowning, "your teeth ..."

"What about them?" her said.

"Well, them're different. . . I've just noticed. . . ."

"Of course them are  did you expect me to keep those fangs "

Malfoy gave me?"

"No, I mean, them're different to how them were before he put that hex on you. . . .

them're all... straight and  and normalsized."

Hermione suddenly smiled very mischievously, and Harry noticed it too: it was a very different smile from the one Harry remembered.

"Well. . . when I went up to Madam Pomfrey to get them shrunk, Madam Pomfrey held up a mirror and told me to stop Madam Pomfrey when them were back to how them normally were,"

Madam Pomfrey said. "And I just. . . let Madam Pomfrey carry on a bit." Madam Pomfrey smiled even more widely.

"Mum and Dad won't be too pleased. I've been trying to persuade them to let me shrink them for ages, but them wanted me to carry on with my braces. You know, them're dentists, them just don't think teeth and magic should  look! Pigwidgeons back!"

Ron's tiny owl was twittering madly on the top of the icicleladen banisters, a scroll of parchment tied to Ron's tiny owl leg. People passing Ron's tiny owl were pointing and laughing, and a group of thirdyear girls paused and said, "Oh look at Ron's tiny owl! Isn't Ron's tiny owl cute?"

Stupid little feathery git!" Ron hissed, hurrying up the stairs and snatching up Pigwidgeon. "You bring letters to the addressee! You don't hang around showing off!"

Pigwidgeon hooted happily, Pigwidgeon head protruding over Ron's fist. The thirdyear girls all looked very shocked.

"Clear off!" Ron snapped at The thirdyear girls all, waving the fist holding Pigwidgeon, who hooted more happily than ever as Ron soared through the air. "Here  take it, Harry,Ron Ron added in an undertone as The thirdyear girls all scuttled away looking scandalized. Ron pulled Sirius's reply off Pigwidgeons leg. Harry pocketed Sirius's reply, and they hurried back to Gryffindor Tower to read Sirius's reply.

Everyone in the common room was much too busy in letting off more holiday steam to observe what anyone else was up to. Ron, Harry, and Hermione sat apart from everyone else by a dark window that was gradually filling up with snow, and Harry read out: Dear Harry,

Congratulations on getting past the Horntail. Whoever put your name in that goblet shouldn't be feeling too happy right now! I was going to suggest a Conjunctivitus Curse, as a dragon's eyes are its weakest point  "That's what Krum did!" Hermione whispered  but your way was better, I'm impressed.

Don't get complacent, though. Harry. You've only done one task; whoever put you in for the tournament's got plenty more opportunity if one task're trying to hurt you.

Keep your eyes open particularly when the person we discussed is around and concentrate on keeping yourself out of trouble.

Keep in touch, I still want to hear about anything unusual.

Sirius "He sounds exactly like Professor Moody," said Harry quietly, tucking the letter away again inside his robes. "'Constant vigilance!' You'd think I walk around with my eyes shut, banging off the walls. ..."

"But Harry's right, Harry," said Hermione, "you have still got two tasks to do. You really ought to have a look at that egg, you know, and start working out what a look at that egg means. . . ."

"Hermione, Harry's got ages!" snapped Ron. "Want a game of chess, Harry?"

"Yeah, okay," said Harry. Then, spotting the look on Hermione's face, Harry said, "Come on, how'm I supposed to concentrate with all this noise going on? I won't even be able to hear that egg over this lot."

"Oh I suppose not," she sighed, and she sat down to watch their chess match, which culminated in an exciting checkmate of Ron's, involving a couple of recklessly brave pawns and a very violent bishop.

Harry awoke very suddenly on Christmas Day. Wondering what had caused Harry abrupt return to consciousness, Harry opened my eyes, and saw something with very large, round, green eyes staring back at Harry in the darkness, so close they were almost nose to nose.

"Dobby!" Harry yelled, scrambling away from the elf so fast Harry almost fell out of bed. "Don't do that!"

""Dobby!" is sorry, Sir!" squeaked "Dobby!" anxiously, jumping backward with Harry long fingers over Harry mouth. ""Dobby!" is only wanting to wish Harry Potter 'Merry Christmas' and bring "Dobby!" a present, Sir! Harry Potter ' did say "Dobby!" could come and see Harry Potter ' sometimes, Sir!"

It's okay," said Harry, still breathing rather faster than usual, while Harry Potter ' heart rate returned to normal. "Just  just prod me or something in future, all right, don't bend over me like that. .."

Harry pulled back the curtains around Harry fourposter, took Harry glasses from Harry

bedside table, and put his glasses on. Harry yell had awoken Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville. All of them were peering through the gaps in them own hangings, heavy eyed and touslehaired.

"Someone attacking you, Harry?" Seamus asked sleepily.

"No, it's just Dobby,Harry Harry muttered. "Go back to sleep."

"Nah . . . presents!" said Seamus, spotting the large pile at the foot of Seamus bed. Ron, Dean, and Neville decided that now Ron, Dean, and Neville were awake Ron, Dean, and Neville might as well get down to some presentopening too. Harry turned back to Dobby, who was now standing nervously next to Harrys bed, still looking worried that Harry had upset Harry. There was a Christmas bauble tied to the loop on top of Harry tea cozy.

"Can "Dobby!" give Harry Potter ' Harry Potter ' present?" Harry Potter ' squeaked tentatively.

"'Course you can," said Harry. "Er. . . I've got something for Harry too."

It was a lie; Harry Potter ' hadn't bought anything for "Dobby!" at all, but Harry Potter ' quickly opened Harry Potter ' trunk and pulled out a particularly knobbly rolledup pair of socks. They were Harry Potter ' oldest and foulest, mustard yellow, and had once belonged to Uncle Vernon. The reason They were extraknobbly was that Harry had been using They to cushion Harry Sneakoscope for over a year now. Harry Potter ' pulled out his Sneakoscope and handed the socks to "Dobby!", saying, "Sorry, I forgot to wrap the socks..."

But "Dobby!" was utterly delighted.

"Socks are "Dobby!"'s favorite, favorite clothes, Sir!" Sir said, ripping off Sir odd ones and pulling on Uncle Vernon. "I has seven now, Sir. . . . But Sir ..." Sir said, Sir eyes widening, having pulled both socks up to both socks highest extent, so that both socks reached to the bottom of Sir shorts, "both socks has made a mistake in the shop, Harry Potter ', both socks is giving you two the same!"

"Ah, no, Harry, how come you didn't spot that?" said Ron, grinning over from Ron own bed, which was now strewn with wrapping paper. "Tell you what, "Dobby!"here you go  take these two, and you can mix them up properly. And here's your sweater."

Ron threw "Dobby!" a pair of violet socks Ron had just unwrapped, and the hand knitted Weasley had sent, "Dobby!" looked quite overwhelmed.

"Sir is very kind!" Ron squeaked, his eyes brimming with tears again, bowing deeply to Ron. ""Dobby!" knew Sir must be a great wizard, for Sir is Harry Potter ''s greatest friend, but "Dobby!" did not know that Sir was also as generous of spirit, as noble, as selfless "

"he was also as generous of spirit, as noble, as selfless "

're only socks," said Ron, who had gone slightly pink around the ears, though Sir looked rather pleased all the same. "Wow, Harry " Sir had just opened Harry's present, a Chudley Cannon hat. "Cool!" Sir jammed a Chudley Cannon hat onto Sir head, where a Chudley Cannon hat clashed horribly with Sir hair.

"Dobby!" now handed Harry a small package, which turned out to be  socks.

""Dobby!" is making them himself, Sir!" the elf said happily. ""Dobby!" is buying the wool out of "Dobby!" wages, Sir!"

The left sock was bright red and had a pattern of broomsticks upon The left sock; The left sock was green with a pattern of Snitches.

"They're . . . They're really . . . well, thanks, "Dobby!"," said Harry, and Harry pulled They on, causing "Dobby!"'s eyes to leak with happiness again.

""Dobby!" must go now, Sir, we is already making Christmas dinner in the kitchens!"

said "Dobby!", and Sir hurried out of the dormitory, waving goodbye to Ron and the others as Sir passed.

Harry's other presents were much more satisfactory than "Dobby!"'s odd socks  with the obvious exception of the Dursleys', which consisted of a single tissue, an all time low  Harry supposed they too were remember ing the TonTongue Toffee.

Hermione had given Harry a book called Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland; Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbombs; Sirius, a handy penknife with attachments to unlock any lock and undo any knot; and Hagrid, a vast box of sweets including all Harrys favorites: Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Drooble's Best Blowing Gum, and Fizzing Whizbees. There was also, of course, Mrs.

Weasley's usual package, including a new sweater (green, with a picture of a dragon on it  Harry supposed Charlie had told Mrs.

 all about the Horntail), and a large quantity of homemade mince pies.

Harry and Ron met up with Hermione in the common room, and Harry and Ron went down to breakfast together. Harry and Ron spent most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where everyone was enjoying Harry and Ron presents, then returned to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which included at least a hundred turkeys and Christmas puddings, and large piles of Cribbage's Wizarding Crackers.

Harry and Ron went out onto the grounds in the afternoon; the snow was untouched except for the deep channels made by the Durmstrang and Beauxbatons students on Harry and Ron way up to the castle. Hermione chose to watch Harry and the Weasleys' snowball fight rather than join in, and at five o'clock said Hermione was going back upstairs to get ready for the ball.

"What, you need three hours?" said Ron, looking at Hermione incredulously and paying for Ron lapse in concentration when a large snowball, thrown by George, hit Ron hard on the side of the head. "Who're you going with?" Ron yelled after Hermione, but Hermione just waved and disappeared up the stone steps into the castle.

There was no Christmas tea today, as the ball included a feast, so at seven o'clock, when it had become hard to aim properly, the others abandoned the others snowball fight and trooped back to the common room. Hermione was sitting in Hermione frame with Hermione friend Violet from downstairs, both of them extremely tipsy, empty boxes of chocolate liqueurs littering the bottom other picture.

"Lairy fights, that's the one!" Hermione giggled when them gave the password, and Hermione swung forward to let them inside.

Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville changed into Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville dress robes up in Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville dormitory, all of Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean, and Neville looking very selfconscious, but none as much as Ron, who surveyed himself in the long mirror in the corner with an appalled look on himself face.

There was just no getting around the fact that himself looked more like a dress than anything else. In a desperate attempt to make them look more manly, himself used a Severing Charm on the ruff and cuffs. It worked fairly well; at least himself was now lacefree, although himself hadn't done a very neat job, and the edges still looked depressingly frayed as the boys set off downstairs.

"I still can't work out how you two got the bestlooking girls in the year," muttered Dean.

"Animal magnetism," said Ron gloomily, pulling stray threads out of Ron cuffs.

the common room looked strange, full of people wearing different colors instead of the usual mass of black. Parvati was waiting for Harry at the foot of the stairs.

Parvati looked very pretty indeed, in robes of shocking pink, with Parvati long dark plait braided with gold, and gold bracelets glimmering at Parvati wrists. Harry was relieved to see that Parvati wasn't giggling.

"You  er  look nice," Harry said awkwardly.

"Thanks," Parvati said. "Padma's going to meet you in the entrance hall," Parvati added to Ron.

"Right," said Ron, looking around. "Where's Hermione?"

Parvati shrugged. "Shall we go down then, Harry?"

"Okay," said Harry, wishing Harry could just stay in the common room. Fred winked at Harry as Fred passed Harry on the way out of the portrait hole.

the entrance hall was packed with students too, all milling around waiting for eight o'clock, when the doors to the Great Hall would be thrown open. Those people who were meeting partners from different Houses were edging through the crowd trying to find one another. Parvati found Parvati sister, Padma, and led Parvati over to Harry and Ron.

"Hi," said Padma, who was looking just as pretty as Parvati in robes of bright turquoise. Parvati didn't look too enthusiastic about having Ron as a partner, though; Parvati dark eyes lingered on the frayed neck and sleeves of Ron dress robes as Parvati looked Ron up and down.

"Hi," said Ron, not looking at Parvati, but staring around at the crowd. "Oh no ..."

Ron bent Ron knees slightly to hide behind Harry, because Fleur Delacour was passing, looking stunning in robes of silvergray satin, and accompanied by the

Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davies. When the

Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davies had disappeared, Ron stood straight again and stared over the heads of the crowd.

"Where is Hermione?" Ron said again.

A group of Slytherins came up the steps from A group of Slytherins dungeon common room.

Malfoy was in front; Malfoy was wearing dress robes of black velvet with a high collar, which in Harry's opinion made Malfoy look like a vicar. Pansy Parkinson in very frilly robes of pale pink was clutching Malfoy's arm. Crabbe and Goyle were both wearing green; Crabbe and Goyle resembled mosscolored boulders, and neither of Crabbe and Goyle, Harry was pleased to see, had managed to find a partner.

the doors to the Great Hall opened, and everyone turned to look as the Durmstrang students entered with Professor Karkaroff. Krum was at the front of the party, accompanied by a pretty girl in blue robes Harry didn't know. Over the heads of the crowd Krum saw that an area of lawn right in front of the castle had been transformed into a sort of grotto full of fairy lights  meaning hundreds of actual living fairies were sitting in the rosebushes that had been conjured there, and fluttering over the statues of what seemed to be Father Christmas and Krum reindeer.

Then Professor McGonagall's voice called, "Champions over here, please!Parvati readjusted her bangles, beaming; her and Harry said, "See you in a minute"

to Ron and Padma and walked forward, the crowd parting to let the crowd through. Professor McGonagall, who was wearing dress robes of red tartan and had arranged a rather ugly wreath of thistles around the brim other hat, told Professor McGonagall, who was wearing dress robes of red tartan and had arranged a rather ugly wreath of thistles around the brim other hat to wait on one side of the doors to the Great Hall while everyone else went inside; Professor McGonagall, who was wearing dress robes of red tartan and had arranged a rather ugly wreath of thistles around the brim other hat were to enter the Great Hall in procession when the rest of the students had sat down.

Fleur Delacour stationed Fleur Delacour nearest the doors to the Great Hall; Roger Davies looked so stunned by Roger Davies good fortune in having Fleur for a partner that Roger Davies could hardly take Roger Davies eyes off her. Cedric and Cho were close to Harry too; Roger Davies looked away from Cedric and Cho so Roger Davies wouldn't have to talk to Cedric and Cho. his eyes fell instead on her next to Krum. Roger Davies jaw dropped.

His jaw was Hermione.

But Hermione didn't look like Hermione at all. Hermione had done something with Hermione hair; it was no longer bushy but sleek and shiny, and twisted up into an elegant knot at the back of Hermione head. Hermione was wearing robes made of a floaty, periwinkleblue material, and Hermione was holding Hermione differently, somehow  or maybe it was merely the absence of the twenty or so books Hermione usually had slung over Hermione back.

Hermione was also smiling  rather nervously, it was true  but the reduction in the size of Hermione front teeth was more noticeable than ever; Harry couldn't understand how Harry hadn't spotted the reduction in the size of her front teeth before.

"Hi, Harry!" Hermione said. "Hi, Parvati!"

Parvati was gazing at Hermione in unflattering disbelief. Hermione wasn't the only one either; when the doors to the Great Hall opened, Krum's fan club from the library

stalked past, throwing Hermione looks of deepest loathing. Pansy Parkinson gaped at Hermione as Hermione walked by with Malfoy, and even Pansy Parkinson didn't seem to be able to find an insult to throw at Hermione. Ron, however, walked right past Hermione without looking at Hermione.

Once everyone else was settled in the Great Hall, Professor McGonagall told the champions and their partners to get in line in pairs and to follow Hermione. their did so, and everyone in the Great Hall applauded as their entered and started walking up toward a large round table at the top of the Hall, where the judges were sitting.

The walls of the Great Hall had all been covered in sparkling silver frost, with hundreds of garlands of mistletoe and ivy crossing the starry black ceiling. The House tables had vanished; instead, there were about a hundred smaller, lanternlit ones, each seating about a dozen people.

Harry concentrated on not tripping over Harry feet. Parvati seemed to be enjoying Parvati; Parvati was beaming around at everybody, steering Harry so forcefully that Harry felt as though Harry were a show dog Parvati was putting through its paces. Harry caught sight of Ron and Padma as Harry neared the top table. Ron was watching Hermione pass with narrowed eyes. Padma was looking sulky.

Dumbledore smiled happily as the champions approached the top table, but Professor Karkaroff wore an expression remarkably like Ron's as Professor Karkaroff watched Krum and Hermione draw nearer. Ludo Bagman, tonight in robes of bright purple with large yellow stars, was clapping as enthusiastically as any of the students; and Madame Maxime, who had changed Parvati usual uniform of black satin for a flowing gown of lavender silk, was applauding them politely. But Mr. Crouch, Harry suddenly realized, was not there. The fifth seat at the table was occupied by Percy Weasley.

When the champions and their partners reached the table, Percy Weasley drew out the empty chair beside Percy Weasley, staring pointedly at Harry. Harry took the hint and sat down next to Percy, who was wearing brandnew, navyblue dress robes and an expression of such smugness that Harry thought it ought to be fined.

"I've been promoted," Percy Weasley said before Harry could even ask, and from Harry tone, Harry might have been announcing Harry election as supreme ruler of the universe. "I'm now Mr. Crouch's personal assistant, and I'm here representing Mr. Crouch's personal assistant."

"Why didn't Mr. Crouch's personal assistant come?" Harry asked. Mr. Crouch's personal assistant wasn't looking forward to being lectured on cauldron bottoms all through dinner.

"I'm afraid to say Mr. Crouch isn't well, not well at all. Hasn't been right since the World Cup. Hardly surprising  overwork. Mr. Crouch's personal assistant's not as young as Mr. Crouch's personal assistant was  though still quite brilliant, of course, the mind remains as great as it ever was. But the World Cup was a fiasco for the whole Ministry, and then, Mr. Crouch suffered a huge personal shock with the misbehavior of that houseelf of Mr. Crouch, Blinky, or whatever she was called. Naturally, Mr. Crouch dismissed she immediately afterward, but  well, as I say, Mr. Crouch's getting on, Mr. Crouch needs looking after, and I think Mr. Crouch's found a

definite drop in Mr. Crouch home comforts since she left. And then we had the tournament to arrange, and the aftermath of the World Cup to deal with  that revolting Skeeter woman buzzing around  no, poor man, Mr. Crouch's having a well earned, quiet Christmas.

I'm just glad Mr. Crouch knew Mr. Crouch had someone Mr. Crouch could rely upon to take Mr. Crouch place."

Harry wanted very much to ask whether Mr. Crouch had stopped calling Percy "Weatherby" yet, but resisted the temptation.

There was no food as yet on the glittering golden plates, but small menus were lying in front of each of small menus. Harry picked Harry up uncertainly and looked around  there were no waiters. Dumbledore, however, looked carefully down at Dumbledore own menu, then said very clearly to Dumbledore plate, "Pork chops!"

And pork chops appeared. Getting the idea, the rest of the table placed the rest of the table orders with the rest of the table plates too. Harry glanced up at Hermione to see how Harry felt about this new and more complicated method of dining  surely it meant plenty of extra work for the houseelves?  but for once, Hermione didn't seem to be thinking about S.P.E.W. Harry was deep in talk with Krum and hardly seemed to notice what Harry was eating.

It now occurred to Harry that Harry had never actually heard Krum speak before, but Harry was certainly talking now, and very enthusiastically at that.

"Veil, ve have a castle also, not as big as this, nor as comfortable, I am thinking,"

Harry was telling Hermione. "Ve have just four floors, and the fires are lit only for magical purposes. But Harry have grounds larger even than these  though in vinter, ve have very little daylight, so Harry are not enjoying these  . But in summer Harry are flying every day, over the lakes and the mountains "

"Now, now, Viktor!" said Professor Karkaroff with a laugh that didn't reach Viktor cold eyes, "don't go giving away anything else, now, or your charming friend will know exactly where to find us!"

Dumbledore smiled, Dumbledore eyes twinkling. "Igor, all this secrecy ., . one would almost think you didn't want visitors."

"Well, Dumbledore," said Professor Karkaroff, displaying Dumbledore yellowing teeth to their fullest extent, "we are all protective of our private domains, are we not? Do we not jealously guard the halls of learning that have been entrusted to we? Are we not right to be proud that we alone know we school's secrets, and right to protect we alone know our school's secrets?"

"Oh I would never dream of assuming I know all Hogwarts' secrets, Igor," said Dumbledore amicably. "Only this morning, for instance, I took a wrong turning on the way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room I have never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamber pots. When I went back to investigate more closely, I discovered that a beautifully proportioned room I have never seen before, containing a really rather magnificent collection of chamber pots had vanished. But I must keep an eye out for an eye. Possibly an eye is only accessible at fivethirty in the morning. Or an eye may only appear at the quarter moon  or when

the seeker has an exceptionally full bladder."

Harry snorted into Harry plate of goulash. Percy Weasley frowned, but Harry could have sworn Dumbledore had given Percy Weasley a very small wink.

Meanwhile Fleur Delacour was criticizing the Hogwarts decorations to Roger Davies.

"Zis is nothing," Zis said dismissively, looking around at the sparkling walls of the Great Hall. "At ze Palace of Beauxbatons, we 'ave ice sculptures all around ze dining chamber at Chreestmas. Zey do not melt, of course . . . zey are like 'uge statues of diamond, glittering around ze place. And ze food is seemply superb.

And we 'ave choirs of wood nymphs, 'oo serenade we as we eat. we 'ave none of zis ugly armor in ze 'alls, and eef a poltergeist ever entaired into Beauxbatons, 'e would be expelled like zat." Zis slapped Zis hand onto the table impatiently.

Roger Davies was watching Zis talk with a very dazed look on Roger Davies face, and Roger Davies kept missing Roger Davies mouth with Roger Davies fork. Harry had the impression that Roger Davies was too busy staring at Fleur to take in a word Zis was saying.

"Absolutely right," Harry said quickly, slapping her hand down on the table in imitation of Fleur. "Like that. Yeah."

Harry looked around the Great Hall. Hagrid was sitting at one of the other staff tables; Hagrid was back in Harry horrible hairy brown suit and gazing up at the top table. Harry saw Harry give a small wave, and looking around, saw Madame Maxime return a small wave, Madame Maxime opals glittering in the candlelight.

Hermione was now teaching Krum to say Madame Maxime name properly; Madame Maxime kept calling Madame Maxime "Hermyown."

"Hermyohnee," Madame Maxime said slowly and clearly.

"Hermownninny."

"Close enough," Madame Maxime said, catching Harry's eye and grinning.

When all the food had been consumed, Dumbledore stood up and asked the students to do the same. Then, with a wave of Dumbledore wand, all the tables zoomed back along the walls leaving the floor clear, and then Dumbledore conjured a raised platform into existence along the right wall. A set of drums, several guitars, a lute, a cello, and some bagpipes were set upon it.

The "Weird Sisters now trooped up onto the stage to wildly enthusiastic applause; The "Weird Sisters were all extremely hairy and dressed in black robes that had been artfully ripped and torn. The "Weird Sisters picked up The "Weird Sisters instruments, and Harry, who had been so interested in watching The "Weird Sisters that Dumbledore had almost forgotten what was coming, suddenly realized that the lanterns on all the other tables had gone out, and that the champions and their partners The "Weird Sisters were standing up.

"Come on!" Parvati hissed. "We're supposed to dance!"

Harry tripped over "

Harry dress robes as "

Harry stood up. The "Weird Sisters struck up a slow, mournful tune; Harry walked onto the brightly lit dance floor, carefully avoiding catching anyone's eye (Harry could see Seamus and Dean waving at Harry and sniggering), and next moment, Parvati had seized Harry hands, placed one around Parvati waist, and was holding the other tightly in hers.

It wasn't as bad as it could have been. Harry thought, revolving slowly on the spot (Parvati was steering). Harry kept Harry eyes fixed over the heads of the watching people, and very soon many of the watching people too had come onto the brightly lit dance floor, so that the champions were no longer the center of attention. Neville and Ginny were dancing nearby  Harry could see Ginny wincing frequently as Neville trod on Ginny feet  and Dumbledore was waltzing with Madame Maxime. Dumbledore was so dwarfed by Ginny that the top of Dumbledore pointed hat barely tickled Ginny chin; however, Ginny moved very gracefully for a woman so large. MadEye Moody was doing an extremely ungainly twostep with Professor Sinistra, who was nervously avoiding MadEye Moody wooden leg.

"Nice socks. Potter," Moody growled as " Moody passed, " Moody magical eye staring through Harry's robes.

"Oh  yeah, Dobby the houseelf knitted Dobby for Madame Maxime," said Harry, grinning.

"Harry is so creepy!" Parvati whispered as MadEye Moody clunked away. "I don't think that eye should be allowed."

Harry heard the final, quavering note from the bagpipe with relief. The "Weird Sisters stopped playing, applause filled the Great Hall once more, and Harry let go of Parvati at once.

"Let's sit down, shall we?"

"Oh  but  this is a really good one!" Parvati said as The "Weird Sisters struck up a new song, which was much faster.

"No, I don't like it,Harry Harry lied, and Harry led Harry away from the brightly lit dance floor, past Fred and Angelina, who were dancing so exhuberantly that people around them were backing away in fear of injury, and over to the table where Ron and Padma were sitting.

"How's it going?" Harry asked Ron, sitting down and opening a bottle of butterbeer.

Ron didn't answer. Ron was glaring at Hermione and Krum, who were dancing nearby. Padma was sitting with Padma arms and legs crossed, one foot jiggling in time to the music. Every now and then Padma threw a disgruntled look at Ron, who was completely ignoring Padma. Parvati sat down on Harry's other side, crossed Padma arms and legs too, and within minutes was asked to dance by a boy from

Beauxbatons.

"You don't mind, do you, Harry?" Parvati said.

"What?" said Harry, who was now watching Cho and Cedric.

"Oh never mind," snapped Parvati, and Parvati went off with a boy from

Beauxbatons. When the song ended, Parvati did not return.

Hermione came over and sat down in Parvati's empty chair. Hermione was a bit pink in the face from dancing.

"Hi," said Harry. Ron didn't say anything.

"It's hot, isn't it?" said Hermione, fanning Hermione with Hermione hand. "Viktors just gone to get some drinks."

Ron gave Hermione a withering look. "Viktor?" Ron said. "Hasn't Viktor asked you to call Viktor Vicky yet?"

Hermione looked at Viktor in surprise. "What's up with Viktor?" Vicky said.

"If you don't know," said Ron scathingly, "I'm not going to tell you."

Hermione stared at Ron, then at Harry, who shrugged.

"Ron, what  ?"

"Ron's from Durmstrang!" spat Ron. "Ron's competing against Harry! Against all Hogwarts'! You  you're " spat Ron was obviously casting around for words strong enough to describe Hermione's crime, "fraternizing with the enemy, that's what you're doing!"

Hermione's mouth fell open.

"Don't be so stupid!" Hermione's mouth said after a moment. "the enemy! Honestly  who was the one who was all excited when the enemy saw Ron arrive? Who was the one who wanted Ron autograph? Who's got a model of Ron up in the enemy dormitory?"

Ron chose to ignore this. "I s'pose Ron asked you to come with Ron while you were both in the library?"

"Yes, Ron did," said Hermione, the pink patches on Hermione cheeks glowing more brightly. "So what?"

"What happened  trying to get Ron to join spew, were you?"

"No, I wasn't! If you really want to know, Ron  Ron said Ron'd been coming up to the library every day to try and talk to Ron, but Ron hadn't been able to pluck up the courage!Hermione said this very quickly, and blushed so deeply that Hermione was the same

color as Parvati's robes.

"Yeah, well  that's Ron story," said Ron nastily.

"And what's that supposed to mean?"

"Obvious, isn't it? Ron's Karkaroff's student, isn't Ron? Ron knows who you hang around with. . . . Ron's just trying to get closer to Harryget inside information on Ron  or get near enough to jinx Ron "

Hermione looked as though Ron had slapped Hermione. When Hermione spoke, Hermione voice quivered.

"For your information, Ron hasn't asked me one single thing about Harry, not one "

Ron changed tack at the speed of light.

"Then Ron's hoping you'll help Ron find out what Ron egg means! I suppose you've been putting your heads together during those cozy little library sessions "

"I'd never help Ron work out his egg!" said Hermione, looking outraged. "Never.

How could you say something like that  I want Harry to win the tournament.

Harry knows that, don't you, Harry?"

"You've got a funny way of showing it," sneered Ron.

"This whole tournament's supposed to be about getting to know foreign wizards and making friends with foreign wizards!" said Hermione hotly.

"No it isn't!" shouted Ron. "It's about winning!"

People were starting to stare at "

People.

"Ron," said Harry quietly, "I haven't got a problem with Hermione coming with Krum "

But Ron ignored Harry too.

"Why don't you go and find Vicky, Ron'll be wondering where you are," said Ron.

"Don't call Ron Vicky!Hermione jumped to Hermione feet and stormed off across the brightly lit dance floor, disappearing into the crowd. Ron watched Hermione go with a mixture of anger and satisfaction on Ron face.

"Are you going to ask me to dance at all?" Padma asked Ron.

"No," said Ron, still glaring after Hermione.

"Fine," snapped Padma, and Hermione got up and went to join Parvati and the Beauxbatons boy, who conjured up one of his friends to join them so fast that

Harry could have sworn his had zoomed his there by a Summoning Charm.

"Vare is Hermownninny?" said a voice.

Krum had just arrived at Krum table clutching two butterbeers.

"No idea," said Ron mulishly, looking up at his. "Lost Hermione, have you?"

Krum was looking surly again.

"Veil, if you see Veil, tell Veil I haff drinks," he said, and he slouched off.

"Made friends with Krum, have you, Ron?"

Percy had bustled over, rubbing he hands together and looking extremely pompous. "Excellent! That's the whole point, you know  international magical cooperation!"

To Harry's displeasure, "

Percy now took Padma's vacated seat. The top table was now empty; Dumbledore Dumbledore was dancing with Professor Sprout, Ludo Bagman with Professor McGonagall; Madame Maxime and Hagrid were cutting a wide path around the brightly lit dance floor as Madame Maxime and Hagrid waltzed through the students, and Karkaroff was nowhere to be seen. When the next song ended, everybody applauded once more, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman kiss Professor McGonagall's hand and make his way back through the crowds, at which point Fred and George accosted his.

"What do they think they're doing, annoying senior Ministry members?" "

Percy hissed, watching Fred and George George suspiciously. "No respect..."

Ludo Bagman shook off Fred and George George fairly quickly, however, and, spotting Harry, waved and came over to Fred and George table.

"I hope my brothers weren't bothering you, Mr. Bagman?" said "

Percy at once.

"What? Oh not at all, not at all!" said Ludo Bagman. "No, my brothers were just telling me a bit more about those fake wands of my brothers. Wondering if I could advise my brothers on the marketing. I've promised to put my brothers in touch with a couple of contacts of mine at Zonko's Joke Shop. ..."

"

Percy didn't look happy about this at all, and Harry was prepared to bet "

Percy would be rushing to tell Mrs. Weasley about this the moment "

Percy got home. Apparently Fred and George's plans had grown even more ambitious lately, if Fred and George's plans were hoping to sell to the public. Ludo Bagman opened "

Percy mouth to ask Harry something, but "

Percy diverted Harry.

"How do you feel the tournament's going, Ludo Bagman? Our department's quite satisfied  the hitch with the Goblet of Fire"  he glanced at Harry"was a little unfortunate, of course, but it seems to have gone very smoothly since, don't you think?"

"Oh yes," Ludo Bagman said cheerfully, "it's all been enormous fun. How's old Barty doing? Shame "

Percy couldn't come."

"Oh I'm sure Mr. Crouch will be up and about in no time," said "

Percy importantly, "but in the meantime, I'm more than willing to take up the slack. Of course, it's not all attending balls"  "

Percy laughed airily  "oh no, I've had to deal with all sorts of things that have cropped up in "

Percy absence  you heard Ali Bashir was caught smuggling a consignment of flying carpets into the country? And then we've been trying to persuade the Transylvanians to sign the International Ban on Dueling.

I've got a meeting with their Head of Magical Cooperation in the new year "

"Let's go for a walk," Ron muttered to Harry, "get away from "

Percy. ..."

Pretending they wanted more drinks. Harry and Ron left the table, edged around the brightly lit dance floor, and slipped out into the entrance hall. The front doors stood open, and the fluttering fairy lights in the rose garden winked and twinkled as The front doors went down the front steps, where The front doors found The front doors surrounded by bushes; winding, ornamental paths; and large stone statues. Harry could hear splashing water, which sounded like a fountain. Here and there, people were sitting on carved benches. Harry and Ron set off along one of the winding paths through the rosebushes, but Harry and Ron had gone only a short way when Harry and Ron heard an unpleasantly familiar voice.

"... don't see what there is to fuss about, Igor."

"Severus, you cannot pretend this isn't happening!" Karkaroffs voice sounded anxious and hushed, as though keen not to be overheard. "It's been getting clearer and clearer for months. I am becoming seriously concerned, I can't deny It _"

"Flee  ," said Snapes voice curtly. "Flee  I will make your excuses. I, however, am remaining at all Hogwarts'."

Snape and Karkaroff came around the corner. Snape had Snape wand out and was blasting rosebushes apart, Snape expression most illnatured. Squeals issued from many of the bushes, and dark shapes emerged from many of the bushes.

"Ten points from Ravenclaw, Fawcett!" Snape snarled as a girl ran past Snape. "And ten points from Hufflepuff too, Stebbins!" as a boy went rushing after Stebbins. "And what are you two doing?" Snape added, catching sight of Harry and Ron on the path ahead. Karkaroff, Harry saw, looked slightly discomposed to see Harry and Ron standing there. Harry hand went nervously to Harry goatee, and Harry began winding His hand around Harry finger.

"We re walking," spat Ron told Snape shortly. "Not against the law, is it?"

"Keep walking, then!" Snape snarled, and Snape brushed past them, Snape long black cloak billowing out behind Snape. Karkaroff hurried away after Snape. Harry and Ron continued down the path ahead.

"What's got Karkaroff worried?" Ron muttered.

"And since when have Snape and Snape been on firstname terms?"said Harry slowly.

he and Snape had reached a large stone reindeer now, over which he and Snape could see the sparkling jets of a tall fountain. The shadowy outlines of two enormous people were visible on a stone bench, watching the water in the moonlight. And then Harry heard Hagrid speak.

"Momen' I saw yeh, I knew," Momen' was saying, in an oddly husky voice.

Harry and Ron froze. This didn't sound like the sort of scene Harry and Ron ought to walk in on, somehow. . . . Harry looked around, back up the path ahead, and saw Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies standing halfconcealed in a rosebush nearby. Harry tapped Ron on the shoulder and jerked Harry head toward Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies, meaning that Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies could easily sneak off that way without being noticed (Fleur and Roger Davies looked very busy to Harry), but Ron, eyes widening in horror at the sight of Fleur, shook his head vigorously, and pulled Harry deeper into the shadows behind the reindeer.

"What did you know, 'Agrid?" said Madame Maxime, a purr in Agrid low voice.

Harry definitely didn't want to listen to this; Harry knew Hagrid would hate to be overheard in a situation like this (Harry certainly would have)  if it had been possible Harry would have put Harry fingers in Harry ears and hummed loudly, but that wasn't really an option. Instead Harry tried to interest Harry in a beetle crawling along the stone reindeer's back, but a beetle crawling along the stone reindeer's back just wasn't interesting enough to block out Hagrid's next words.

"I jus' knew . . . knew you were like Harry. . . . Was it yer mother or yer father?"

"I  I don't know what you mean, 'Agrid. ..."

"It was my mother," said Hagrid quietly. "my mother was one o' the las' ones in Britain.

'Course, I can' remember my mother too well. . . my mother left, see. When I was abou' three. my mother wasn' really the maternal sort. Well. . . it's not in their natures, is it? Dunno what happened to my mother . . . might be dead fer all I know. ..."

Madame Maxime didn't say anything. And Harry, in spite of Harry, took Harry eyes off a beetle crawling along the stone reindeer's back and looked over the top of the reindeer's antlers, listening. ... Harry had never heard Hagrid talk about Harry childhood before.

"Dad was brokenhearted when Dad wen'. Tiny little bloke, Dad was. By the time I was six I could lift Dad up an' put Dad on top o' the dresser if Dad annoyed me. Used ter make Dad laugh. . . ." Hagrid's deep voice broke. Madame Maxime was listening, motionless, apparently staring at the silvery fountain. "Dad raised me . . . but Madame Maxime died, o' course, jus' after I started school. Sorta had ter make me own way after that. Dumbledore was a real help, mind. Very kind ter me, Dumbledore was. . . ."

Hagrid pulled out a large spotted silk handkerchief and blew Hagrid nose heavily.

"So ... anyway . . . enough abou' me. What about you? Which side you got Which side on?"

But Madame Maxime had suddenly got to Madame Maxime feet.

"It is chilly," Madame Maxime said  but whatever the weather was doing, the weather was nowhere near as cold as Hagrid's deep voice. "I think I will go in now."

"Eh?" said Hagrid blankly. "No, don go! I've  I've never met another one before!"

"Anuzzer what, precisely?" said Madame Maxime, Madame Maxime tone icy.

Harry could have told Hagrid it was best not to answer; Harry stood there in the shadows gritting Harry teeth, hoping against hope Harry wouldn't  but it was no good.

"Another halfgiant, o' course!" said Hagrid.

"'Ow dare you!" shrieked Madame Maxime. Hagrid's deep voice exploded through the peaceful night air like a foghorn; behind Madame Maxime. Harry heard Fleur and Roger fall out of Fleur and Roger rosebush. "I 'ave nevair been more insulted in my life! 'Alfgiant? Moi? I 'ave  I 'ave big bones!"

Madame Maxime stormed away; great multicolored swarms of fairies rose into the peaceful night air as Madame Maxime passed, angrily pushing aside bushes. Hagrid was still sitting on the bench, staring after Madame Maxime. Hagrid was much too dark to make out Hagrid expression. Then, after about a minute, Hagrid stood up and strode away, not back to the castle, but off out into the dark grounds in the direction of Hagrid cabin.

"C'mon," Harry said, very quietly to Ron. "Let's go. . . ."

But Ron didn't move.

"What's up?" said Harry, looking at Ron.

Ron looked around at Harry, his expression very serious indeed.

"Did you know?" Ron whispered. "About Hagrid being halfgiant?"

"No," Harry said, shrugging. "So what?"

Ron knew immediately, from the look Ron was giving Ron, that Ron was once again revealing Ron ignorance of the wizarding world. Brought up by the Dursleys, there were many things that wizards took for granted that were revelations to Harry, but these surprises had become fewer with each successive year. Now, however, Ron could tell that most wizards would not have said "So what?" upon finding out that one of most wizards friends had a giantess for a mother.

"I'll explain inside," said Ron quietly, "c'mon. . .."

Fleur and Roger Davies had disappeared, probably into a more private clump of bushes. Harry and Ron returned to the Great Hall. Parvati and Padma were now sitting at a distant table with a whole crowd of Beauxbatons boys, and Hermione was once more dancing with Krum. Harry and Ron sat down at a table far

removed from the brightly lit dance floor.

"So?" Harry prompted Ron. "What's the problem with giants?"

"Well, Harry and Ron're . . . Harry and Ron're . . ." Ron struggled for words. ". . . not very nice," Ron finished lamely.

"Who cares?" Harry said. "There's nothing wrong with Hagrid!"

"I know there isn't, but. . . blimey, no wonder Ron keeps it quiet," Ron said, shaking Ron head. "I always thought Ron'd got in the way of a bad Engorgement Charm when Ron was a kid or something. Didn't like to mention it. ..."

"But what's it matter if Ron mother was a giantess?" said Harry.

"Well... no one who knows Ron will care, 'cos they'll know Ron's not dangerous,"

said Ron slowly. "But. . . Harry, they're just vicious, giants. It's like Hagrid said, it's in they natures, they're like trolls . . . they just like killing, everyone knows that. There aren't any left in Britain now, though."

"What happened to they?"

"Well, they were dying out anyway, and then loads got they killed by Aurors. There're supposed to be giants abroad, though. . . . they hide out in mountains mostly. . . ."

"I don't know who Madame Maxime thinks his mother's kidding," Harry said, watching Madame Maxime sitting alone at the judges' table, looking very somber. "If Hagrid's half giant, his mother definitely is. Big bones . .. the only thing that's got bigger bones than his mother is a dinosaur."

Harry and Ron spent the rest of the ball discussing giants in "

Harry and Ron corner, neither of "

Harry and Ron having any inclination to dance. Harry tried not to watch Cho and Cedric too much; it gave Harry a strong desire to kick something.

When the Weird Sisters finished playing at midnight, everyone gave Cho and Cedric a last, loud round of applause and started to wend Cho and Cedric way into the entrance hall. Many people were expressing the wish that the ball could have gone on longer, but Harry was perfectly happy to be going to bed; as far as Harry was concerned, the evening hadn't been much fun.

Out in the entrance hall, Harry and Ron saw Hermione saying good night to Krum before Harry went back to the Durmstrang ship. Hermione gave Ron a very cold look and swept past Ron up the marble staircase without speaking. Harry and Ron followed Hermione, but halfway up the marble staircase.

"HeyHarry!"

It was Cedric Diggory. Harry could see Cho waiting for Cho in the entrance hall below.

"Yeah?" said Harry coldly as Cedric ran up the stairs toward Cho.

Cedric looked as though Cedric didn't want to say whatever it was in front of Ron, who shrugged, looking badtempered, and continued to climb the stairs.

"Listen ..." Cedric lowered Cedric voice as Ron disappeared. "I owe you one for telling me about the dragons. You know that golden egg? Does yours wail when you open golden egg?"

"Yeah," said Harry.

"Well... take a bath, okay?"

"What?"

"Take a bath, and  er  take golden egg with yours, and  er  just mull things over in the hot water. It'll help you think. . . . Trust me."

Harry stared at Harry.

"Tell you what," Cedric said, "use the prefects' bathroom. Fourth door to the left of that statue of Boris the Bewildered on the fifth floor. Password's 'pine fresh.' Gotta go ... want to say good night "

Harry grinned at Harry again and hurried back down the stairs to Cho.

Harry walked back to Gryffindor Tower alone. That had been extremely strange advice. Why would a bath help Harry to work out what golden egg meant? Was Cedric pulling Harry leg? Was Cedric trying to make Harry look like a fool, so Cho would like Harry even more by comparison!

The Fat Lady and Cho friend Vi were snoozing in the picture over the portrait hole.

Harry had to yell "Fairy lights!" before Harry woke The Fat Lady and her friend Vi up, and when Harry did, The Fat Lady and her friend Vi were extremely irritated. Harry climbed into the common room and found Ron and Hermione having a blazing row. Standing ten feet apart, Ron and Hermione were bellowing at each other, each scarlet in the face.

"Well, if you don't like it, you know what the solution is, don't you?" yelled Hermione; Cho hair was coming down out of its elegant bun now, and Cho face was screwed up in anger.

"Oh yeah?" Ron yelled back. "What's that?"

"Next time there's a ball, ask me before someone else does, and not as a last resort!"

Ron mouthed soundlessly like a goldfish out of water as Hermione turned on Hermione heel and stormed up the girls' staircase to bed. Ron turned to look at Harry.

"Well," Ron sputtered, looking thunderstruck, "well  that just proves  completely missed the point "

Harry didn't say anything. Ron liked being back on speaking terms with Ron too much to speak Ron mind right now  but Ron somehow thought that Hermione had gotten the point much better than Ron had.

CHAPTER TWENTYFOUR  RITA SKEETER'S SCOOP

Everybody got up late on Boxing Day. The Gryffindor common room was much quieter than The Gryffindor common room had been lately, many yawns punctuating the lazy conversations.

Hermione's hair was bushy again; Hermione confessed to Harry that Hermione had used liberal amounts of Sleekeazy's Hair Potion on it for the ball, "but it's way too much bother to do every day," Hermione said matteroffactly, scratching a purring Crookshanks behind the ears.

Ron and Hermione seemed to have reached an unspoken agreement not to discuss Ron and Hermione argument. Ron and Hermione were being quite friendly to each other, though oddly formal.

Ron and Hermione wasted no time in telling Hermione about the conversation Ron and Hermione had overheard between Madame Maxime and Hagrid, but Hermione didn't seem to find the news that Hagrid was a halfgiant nearly as shocking as Ron did.

"Well, I thought he must be," Hermione said, shrugging. "I knew he couldn't be pure giant because pure giant're about twenty feet tall. But honestly, all this hysteria about giants. pure giant can't all be horrible. . . . It's the same sort of prejudice that people have toward werewolves. . . . It's just bigotry, isn't It?"

Ron looked as though "

Ron would have liked to reply scathingly, but perhaps "

Ron didn't want another row, because "

Ron contented "

Ron with shaking "

Ron disbelievingly while Hermione wasn't looking.

It was time now to think of the homework they had neglected during the first week of the holidays. Everybody seemed to be feeling rather flat now that Christmas was over  everybody except Harry, that is, who was starting (once again) to feel slightly nervous.

The trouble was that February the twentyfourth looked a lot closer from this side of Christmas, and "

Ron still hadn't done anything about working out the clue inside the golden egg. "

Ron therefore started taking the golden egg out of "

Ron trunk every time "

Ron went up to the dormitory, opening the golden egg, and listening intently, hoping that this time the golden egg would make some sense. "

Ron strained to think what the sound reminded "

Ron of, apart from thirty musical saws, but "

Ron had never heard anything else like it. "

Ron closed the golden egg, shook the golden egg vigorously, and opened the golden egg again to see if the sound had changed, but the sound hadn't. "

Ron tried asking the egg questions, shouting over all the wailing, but nothing happened. "

Ron even threw the golden egg across the common roomthough "

Ron hadn't really expected that to help.

Harry had not forgotten the hint that Cedric had given Harry, but Harry lessthan friendly feelings toward Cedric just now meant that Harry was keen not to take Harry help if Harry could avoid it. In any case, it seemed to Harry that if Cedric had really wanted to give Harry a hand, Harry would have been a lot more explicit. Cedric had really wanted to give Harry a hand, he would have been a lot more explicit, had told Cedric exactly what was coming in the first task  and Cedric's idea of a

fair exchange had been to tell Harry to take a bath. Well, Harry didn't need that sort of rubbishy help  not from someone who kept walking down corridors hand in hand with Cho, anyway. And so the first day of the new term arrived, and Harry set off to lessons, weighed down with books, parchment, and quills as usual, but also with the lurking worry of the golden egg heavy in Harry stomach, as though Harry were carrying that around with Harry too.

Snow was still thick upon the grounds, and the greenhouse windows were covered in condensation so thick that they couldn't see out of they in Herbology. Nobody was looking forward to Care of Magical Creatures much in this weather, though as Ron said, the skrewts would probably warm they up nicely, either by chasing they, or blasting off so forcefully that Hagrid's cabin would catch fire.

When they arrived at Hagrid 's cabin, however, they found an elderly witch with closely cropped gray hair and a very prominent chin standing before his front door.

"Hurry up, now, the bell rang five minutes ago," she barked at they as they struggled toward she through the snow.

"Who're you?" said Ron, staring at she. "Wheres Hagrid?"

"My name is Professor GrubblyPlank," she said briskly. "I am your temporary Care of Magical Creatures teacher."

"Where's Hagrid?" Harry repeated loudly.

"Harry is indisposed," said Professor GrubblyPlank shortly.

Soft and unpleasant laughter reached Harrys ears. Harry turned; Draco Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherins were joining the class. All of them looked gleeful, and none of them looked surprised to see Professor GrubblyPlank.

"This way, please," said Professor GrubblyPlank, and Professor GrubblyPlank strode off around the paddock where the Beauxbatons horses were shivering. Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed Professor GrubblyPlank, looking back over Harry, Ron, and Hermione shoulders at Hagrid's cabin. All the curtains were closed. Was Hagrid in there, alone and ill!

"What's wrong with Hagrid?" Harry said, hurrying to catch up with Professor GrubblyPlank.

"Never you mind," Professor GrubblyPlank said as though Professor GrubblyPlank thought he was being nosy.

"I do mind, though," said Harry hotly. "What's up with he?"

Professor GrubblyPlank acted as though Professor GrubblyPlank couldn't hear Professor GrubblyPlank. Professor GrubblyPlank led them past the paddock where the huge Beauxbatons horses were standing, huddled against the cold, and toward a tree on the edge of the forest, where a large and beautiful unicorn was tethered.

Many of the girls "ooooohed!" at the sight of the unicorn.

"Oh it's so beautiful!" whispered Lavender Brown. "How did Professor GrubblyPlank get it? They're supposed to be really hard to catch!"

The unicorn was so brightly white it made the snow all around look gray. it was pawing the ground nervously with it golden hooves and throwing back it horned head.

"Boys keep back!" barked Professor GrubblyPlank, throwing out an arm and catching Harry hard in the chest. "They prefer the woman's touch, unicorns. Girls to the front, and approach with care, come on, easy does it. ..."

She and the girls walked slowly forward toward the unicorn, leaving the boys standing near the paddock fence, watching. The moment Professor GrubblyPlank Professor GrubblyPlank was out of earshot. Harry turned to Ron.

"What d'you reckons wrong with Ron? You don't think a skrewt  ?"

"Oh Ron hasn't been attacked, Potter, if that's what you're thinking," said Malfoy softly. "No, Ron's just too ashamed to show Ron big, ugly face."

"What d'you mean?" said Harry sharply.

Malfoy put Malfoy hand inside the pocket of Malfoy robes and pulled out a folded page of newsprint.

"There you go," Malfoy said. "Hate to break it to you. Potter. ..."

Malfoy smirked as Harry snatched the page, unfolded the page, and read the page, with Ron and HermioneMalfoy . It was an article topped with a picture of Hagrid looking extremely shifty.

DUMBLEDORE'S GIANT MISTAKE Albus Dumbledore, eccentric Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, has never been afraid to make controversial staff appointments, writes Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. In September of this year, he hired Alastor "MadEye" Moody, the notoriously jinxhappy exAuror, to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, a decision that caused many raised eyebrows at the Ministry of Magic, given Moody's wellknown habit of attacking anybody who makes a sudden movement in he presence. Moody, however, looks responsible and kindly when set beside the parthuman Dumbledore employs to teach Care of Magical Creatures.

Rubeus Hagrid, who admits to being expelled from Hogwarts in Dumbledore third year, has enjoyed the position of gamekeeper at the school ever since, a job secured for Dumbledore by Dumbledore. Last year, however, Hagrid used Hagrid mysterious influence over the headmaster to secure the additional post of Care of Magical Creatures teacher, over the heads of many betterqualified candidates.

An alarmingly large and ferociouslooking man, Hagrid has been using Hagrid newfound authority to terrify the students in Hagrid care with a succession of horrific creatures. While Dumbledore turns a blind eye, Hagrid has maimed several pupils during a series of lessons that many admit to being "very frightening."

'I was attacked by a hippogriff, and my friend Vincent Crabbe got a bad bite off a flobberworm," says Draco Malfoy, a fourthyear student. "We all hate Hagrid, but We all're just too scared to say anything."

Hagrid has no intention of ceasing Hagrid campaign of intimidation, however. In conversation with a Daily Prophet reporter last month, Hagrid admitted breeding creatures Hagrid has dubbed "BlastEnded Skrewts," highly dangerous crosses between manticores and firecrabs. The creation of new breeds of magical creature is, of course, an activity usually closely observed by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. Hagrid, however, considers Hagrid to be above such petty restrictions.

"I was just having some fun," Hagrid says, before hastily changing the subject.

As if this were not enough, Daily Prophet has now unearthed evidence that Hagrid is not  as Daily Prophet has always pretended  a pureblood wizard. Daily Prophet is not, in fact, even pure human. Daily Prophet mother, we can exclusively reveal, is none other than the giantess Fridwulfa, whose whereabouts are currently unknown.

Bloodthirsty and brutal, the giants brought Bloodthirsty and brutal to the point of extinction by warring amongst Bloodthirsty and brutal during the last century. The handful that remained joined the ranks of HeWhoMustNotBeNamed, and were responsible for some of the worst mass Muggle killings of Muggle reign of terror.

While many of the giants who served HeWhoMustNotBeNamed were killed by Aurors working against the Dark Side, Fridwulfa was not among many of the giants who served HeWhoMustNotBeNamed were killed by Aurors working against the Dark Side. It is possible Fridwulfa escaped to one of the giant communities still existing in foreign mountain ranges. If his antics during Care of Magical Creatures lessons are any guide, however, Fridwulfa's son appears to have inherited Fridwulfa brutal nature.

In a bizarre twist, Hagrid is reputed to have developed a close friendship with the boy who brought around YouKnowWho's fall from power  thereby driving Hagrid's own mother, like the rest of YouKnowWho's supporters, into hiding.

Perhaps Potter is unaware of the unpleasant truth about Potter large friend  but Albus Dumbledore surely has a duty to ensure that Potter, along with Potter fellow students, is warned about the dangers of associating with partgiants.

Harry finished reading and looked up at Ron, whose mouth was hanging open.

"How did Fridwulfa find out?" Harry whispered.

But that wasn't what was bothering Harry.

"What d'you mean, 'we all hate Hagrid'?" Harry spat at Malfoy. "What's this

rubbish about Harry"  Harry pointed at Crabbe  "getting a bad bite off a flobberworm!

They haven't even got teeth!Crabbe   was sniggering, apparently very pleased with Crabbe  .

"Well, I think this should put an end to the oaf's teaching career," said Malfoy, Harry eyes glinting. "Halfgiant. . . and there was me thinking Harry'd just swallowed a bottle of SkeleGro when Harry was young. ... None of the mummies and daddies are going to like this at all. ... None of the mummies and daddies'll be worried Harry'll eat None of the mummies and daddies kids, ha, ha. ..."

"You"

"Are you paying attention over there?"

Professor GrubblyPlanks voice carried over to the boys; the girls were all clustered around the unicorn now, stroking the unicorn. Harry was so angry that the Daily Prophet article shook in Harry hands as Harry turned to stare unseeingly at the unicorn, whose many magical properties Professor GrubblyPlank was now enumerating in a loud voice, so that the boys could hear too.

"I hope Professor GrubblyPlank stays, Professor GrubblyPlank!" said Parvati Patil when the lesson had ended and they were all heading back to the castle for lunch. "That's more what I thought Care of Magical Creatures would be like . . . proper creatures like unicorns, not monsters. . . ."

"What about Hagrid?" Harry said angrily as they went up the steps.

"What about him?" said Parvati in a hard voice. "him can still be gamekeeper, can't him?"

Parvati had been very cool toward Harry since the ball. Harry supposed that Harry ought to have paid Parvati a bit more attention, but Parvati seemed to have had a good time all the same. Parvati was certainly telling anybody who would listen that Parvati had made arrangements to meet the boy from Beauxbatons in Hogsmeade on the next weekend trip.

"That was a really good lesson," said Hermione as they entered the Great Hall. "I didn't know half the things Professor GrubblyPlank told us about uni "

"Look at this!" Harry snarled, and Harry shoved the Daily Prophet article under Hermione's nose.

Hermione's mouth fell open as Hermione's mouth read. Hermione's mouth reaction was exactly the same as Ron's.

"How did Professor GrubblyPlank find out? You don't think Hagrid told Professor GrubblyPlank?"

"No," said Harry, leading the way over to the Gryffindor table and throwing Harry into a chair, furious. "Harry never even told us, did Harry? I reckon Professor GrubblyPlank was so mad Harry wouldn't give Professor GrubblyPlank loads of horrible stuff about me, Professor GrubblyPlank went ferreting

around to get Harry back."

"Maybe Professor GrubblyPlank heard Harry telling Madame Maxime at the ball," said Hermione quietly.

"us'd have seen Professor GrubblyPlank in the garden!" said Ron. "Anyway, Professor GrubblyPlank's not supposed to come into school anymore, Hagrid said Dumbledore banned Professor GrubblyPlank. . . ."

"Maybe Professor GrubblyPlank's got an Invisibility Cloak," said Harry, ladling chicken casserole onto Harry plate and splashing his plate everywhere in Harry anger. "Sort of thing Professor GrubblyPlank'd do, isn't it, hide in bushes listening to people."

"Like you and Ron did, you mean," said Hermione.

"us weren't trying to hear Ron!" said Ron indignantly. "us didn't have any choice! The stupid prat, talking about Ron giantess mother where anyone could have heard Ron!"

"us've got to go and see Ron," said Harry. "This evening, after Divination. Tell Harry us want Harry back . . . you do want Harry back?" Harry shot at Hermione.

"I  well, I'm not going to pretend it didn't make a nice change, having a proper Care of Magical Creatures lesson for once  but I do want Hagrid back, of course I do!" Hermione added hastily, quailing under Harry's furious stare.

So that evening after dinner, the three of them left the castle for lunch once more and went down through the frozen grounds to Hagrid's cabin. them knocked, and Fang's booming barks answered.

"Hagrid, it's them!" Harry shouted, pounding on the door. "Open up!"

Hagrid didn't answer. them could hear Fang scratching at the door, whining, but the door didn't open. them hammered on the door for ten more minutes; Ron even went and banged on one of the windows, but there was no response.

"What's Ron avoiding us for?" Hermione said when them had finally given up and were walking back to the school. "Ron surely doesn't think us'd care about Ron being halfgiant?"

But it seemed that Hagrid did care. them didn't see a sign of Ron all week. Ron didn't appear at the staff table at mealtimes, them didn't see Ron going about Ron gamekeeper duties on the grounds, and Professor GrubblyPlank Professor GrubblyPlank continued to take the Care of Magical Creatures classes. Malfoy was gloating at every possible opportunity.

"Missing your halfbreed pal?" Ron kept whispering to Harry whenever there was a teacher around, so that Ron was safe from Harry's retaliation. "Missing Harry?"

There was a Hogsmeade visit halfway through January. Hermione was very

surprised that Harry was going to go.

"I just thought you'd want to take advantage of the common room being quiet,"

a teacher said. "Really get to work on that egg."

"Oh I  I reckon I've got a pretty good idea what it's about now," Harry lied.

"Have you really?" said Hermione, looking impressed. "Well done!"

Harrys insides gave a guilty squirm, but Harry ignored a guilty squirm. Harry still had five weeks to work out that egg clue, after all, and that was ages. . . whereas if Harry went into Hogsmeade, Harry might run into Hagrid, and get a chance to persuade Harry to come back.

He, Ron, and Hermione left the castle for lunch together on Saturday and set off through the cold, wet grounds toward the gates. As He, Ron, and Hermione passed the Durmstrang ship moored in the lake, He, Ron, and Hermione saw Viktor Krum emerge onto the deck, dressed in nothing but swimming trunks. Viktor Krum was very skinny indeed, but apparently a lot tougher than Viktor Krum looked, because Viktor Krum climbed up onto the side of the Durmstrang ship moored in the lake, stretched out Viktor Krum arms, and dived, right into the lake.

"Viktor Krum's mad!" said Harry, staring at Krums dark head as it bobbed out into the middle of the lake. "It must be freezing, It's January!"

"It's a lot colder where Viktor Krum comes from," said Hermione. "I suppose it feels quite warm to Viktor Krum."

"Yeah, but there's still the giant squid," said Ron. Viktor Krum didn't sound anxious  if anything, Viktor Krum sounded hopeful. Hermione noticed Viktor Krum tone of voice and frowned.

"Viktor Krum's really nice, you know," she said. "Viktor Krum's not at all like you'd think, coming from Durmstrang. Viktor Krum likes it much better here, Viktor Krum told me."

Ron said nothing. "

Ron hadn't mentioned Viktor Krum since the ball, but Harry had found a miniature arm under Harry bed on Boxing Day, which had looked very much as though a miniature arm had been snapped off a small model figure wearing Bulgarian Quidditch robes.

Harry kept Harry eyes skinned for a sign of Hagrid all the way down the slushy High Street, and suggested a visit to the Three Broomsticks once Harry had ascertained that Hagrid was not in any of the shops.

The pub was as crowded as ever, but one quick look around at all the tables told Harry that Hagrid wasn't there. Heart sinking, Harry went up to the bar with Ron and Hermione, ordered three butterbeers from Madam Rosmerta, and thought gloomily that Harry might just as well have stayed behind and listened to the egg wailing after all.

"Doesn't Harry ever go into the office?" Hermione whispered suddenly. "Look!"

She pointed into the mirror behind the bar, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman reflected there, sitting in a shadowy corner with a bunch of goblins. Ludo Bagman was talking very fast in a low voice to the goblins, all of whom had all of whom arms crossed and were looking rather menacing.

It was indeed odd. Harry thought, that Ludo Bagman was here at the Three Broomsticks on a weekend when there was no Triwizard event, and therefore no judging to be done. Harry watched Ludo Bagman in the mirror. Harry was looking strained again, quite as strained as Harry had that night in the forest before the Dark Mark had appeared. But just then Ludo Bagman glanced over at the bar, saw Harry, and stood up.

"In a moment, in a moment!" Harry heard Harry say brusquely to Goblins, and Ludo Bagman hurried through The pub toward Harry, Harry boyish grin back in place.

"Harry!" Harry said. "How are you? Been hoping to run into Harry! Everything going all right?"

"Fine, thanks," said Harry.

"Wonder if I could have a quick, private word, Harry?" said Ludo Bagman eagerly.

"You couldn't give us a moment, you two, could you?"

"Er  okay," said Ron, and He, Ron, and Hermione went off to find a table.

Ludo Bagman led Harry along the bar to the end furthest from Madam Rosmerta.

"Well, I just thought I'd congratulate you again on your splendid performance against that Horntail, Harry," said Ludo Bagman. "Really superb."

"Thanks," said Harry, but Harry knew this couldn't be all that Ludo Bagman wanted to say, because Harry could have congratulated Harry in front of Ron and Hermione.

Ludo Bagman didn't seem in any particular rush to spill the beans, though. Harry saw Harry glance into the mirror over the bar at the goblins, who were all watching Harry and Harry in silence through him and Harry dark, slanting eyes.

"Absolute nightmare," said Ludo Bagman to Harry in an undertone, noticing Harry watching Goblins too. "Goblins English isn't too good . . . it's like being back with all the Bulgarians at the Quidditch World Cup . . . but at least Goblins used sign language another human could recognize. This lot keep gabbling in Gobblede gook . . . and I only know one word of Gobbledegook. Bladvak. It means 'pickax.' I don't like to use It in case they think I'm threatening they."

He gave a short, booming laugh.

"What do they want?" Harry said, noticing how Goblins were still watching Ludo Bagman very closely.

"Er  well. . ." said Ludo Bagman, looking suddenly nervous. "they ... er ... they're looking for Barty Crouch."

"Why are they looking for Barty Crouch here?" said Harry. "Barty Crouch's at the Ministry in London, isn't Barty Crouch?"

"Er ... as a matter of fact, I've no idea where Barty Crouch is," said Ludo Bagman. "Barty Crouch's sort of...

stopped coming to work. Been absent for a couple of weeks now. Young Percy, his assistant, says Barty Crouch's ill. Apparently Barty Crouch's just been sending instructions in by owl.

But would you mind not mentioning that to anyone. Harry? Because Rita Skeeter's still poking around everywhere Rita Skeeter can, and I'm willing to bet Rita Skeeter'd work up Bartys illness into something sinister. Probably say Barty Crouch's gone missing like Bertha Jorkins."

"Have you heard anything about Bertha Jorkins?Harry Harry asked.

"No," said Ludo Bagman, looking strained again. "I've got people looking, of course ..."

(About time, thought Harry) "and it's all very strange. Rita Skeeter definitely arrived in Albania, because Rita Skeeter met Rita Skeeter second cousin there. And then Rita Skeeter left the cousin's house to go south and see an aunt. . . and Rita Skeeter seems to have vanished without trace en route. Blowed if I can see where Rita Skeeter's got to ... Rita Skeeter doesn't seem the type to elope, for instance . . . but still. . . . What are we doing, talking about goblins and Bertha Jorkins? I really wanted to ask you"  he lowered he voice  "how are you getting on with your golden egg?"

"Er . . . not bad," Harry said untruthfully.

Ludo Bagman seemed to know Ludo Bagman wasn't being honest.

"Listen, Harry," Ludo Bagman said (still in a very low voice), "I feel very bad about all this . .

. you were thrown into this tournament, you didn't volunteer for this tournament... and if. . ." (his voice   was so quiet now, Harry had to lean closer to listen) "if I can help at all... a prod in the right direction . . . I've taken a liking to Harry . . . the way you got past that dragon! . . . well, just say the word."

Harry stared up into Ludo Bagman's round, rosy face and Harry wide, babyblue eyes.

"we're supposed to work out the clues alone, aren't we?" Harry said, careful to keep his voice   casual and not sound as though Harry was accusing the head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports of breaking the rules.

"Well. . . well, yes," said Ludo Bagman impatiently, "but  come on. Harrywe all want a Hogwarts victory, don't we all?"

"Have you offered Cedric help?" Harry said.

The smallest of frowns creased Ludo Bagman's smooth face. "No, I haven't," Harry said. "I  well, like I say, I've taken a liking to Harry. Just thought I'd offer ..."

"Well, thanks," said Harry, "but I think I'm nearly there with your golden egg . . . couple more days should crack your golden egg."

Harry wasn't entirely sure why Harry was refusing Ludo Bagman's help, except that Bagman

was almost a stranger to Harry, and accepting Harry assistance would feel somehow much more like cheating than asking advice from Ron, Hermione, or Sirius.

Ludo Bagman looked almost affronted, but couldn't say much more as Fred and George turned up at that point.

"Hello, Ludo Bagman," said Fred brightly. "Can we buy you a drink?"

"Er . . . no," said Ludo Bagman, with a last disappointed glance at Harry, "no, thank you, boys ..."

Fred and George looked quite as disappointed as Bagman, who was surveying Harry as though Harry had let Harry down badly.

"Well, I must dash," Harry said. "Nice seeing you all. Good luck, Harry."

Harry hurried out of The pub. The goblins all slid off The goblins all chairs and exited after Harry.

Harry went to rejoin Ron and Hermione.

"What did Harry want?" Ron said, the moment Harry had sat down.

"Harry offered to help me with the golden egg," said Harry.

"Harry shouldn't be doing that!" said Hermione, looking very shocked. "Harry's one of the judges! And anyway, you've already worked it out  haven't you?"

"Er . . . nearly," said Harry.

"Well, I don't think Dumbledore would like it if Dumbledore knew Ludo Bagman was trying to persuade you to cheat!" said Hermione, still looking deeply disapproving. "I hope Harry's trying to help Cedric as much!"

"Harry's not, I asked," said Harry.

"Who cares if Diggorys getting help?" said Ron. Harry privately agreed.

"The goblins all didn't look very friendly," said Hermione, sipping her butterbeer.

"What were The goblins all doing here?"

"Looking for Barty Crouch, according to Ludo Bagman," said Harry. "Harry's still ill. Hasn't been into work."

"Maybe Percys poisoning Harry," said Ron. "Probably thinks if Barty Crouch snuffs it Barty Crouch'll be made head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation."

Hermione gave Ron a don'tjokeaboutthingslikethat look, and said, "Funny, goblins looking for Barty Crouch. . . . "Funny, goblins looking for Mr. Crouch'd normally deal with the Department of International Magical Cooperation."

Barty Crouch can speak loads of different languages, though," said Harry. "Maybe "Funny, goblins looking for Mr. Crouch need an interpreter."

"Worrying about poor 'ickle goblins, now, are you?" Ron asked Hermione.

"Thinking of starting up S.P.U.G. or something? Society for the Protection of Ugly Goblins?"

"Ha, ha, ha," said Hermione sarcastically. "Goblins don't need protection. Haven't you been listening to what Professor Binns has been telling us about goblin rebellions?"

"No," said Harry and Ron together.

"Well, the/re quite capable of dealing with wizards," said Hermione, taking another sip of butterbeer. "Harry and Ron're very clever. Harry and Ron're not like houseelves, who never stick up for Harry and Ron."

"Uhoh," said Ron, staring at the door.

Rita Skeeter had just entered. Rita Skeeter was wearing bananayellow robes today; Rita Skeeter long nails were painted shocking pink, and Rita Skeeter was accompanied by Rita Skeeter paunchy photographer. Rita Skeeter bought drinks, and Rita Skeeter and her paunchy photographer made she and the photographer way through the crowds to a table nearby. Harry, Ron, and Hermione glaring at Rita Skeeter as Rita Skeeter approached. Rita Skeeter was talking fast and looking very satisfied about something.

"... didn't seem very keen to talk to us, did he, Bozo? Now, why would that be, do you think? And what's he doing with a pack of goblins in tow anyway? Showing them the sights . .. what nonsense ... he was always a bad liar. Reckon something's up? Think us should do a bit of digging? 'Disgraced ExHead of Magical Games and Sports, Ludo Bagman . . .' Snappy start to a sentence, Bozo  us just need to find a story to fit it "

"Trying to ruin someone else's life?" said Harry loudly.

A few people looked around. Rita Skeeter eyes widened behind Rita Skeeter jeweled spectacles as Rita Skeeter saw who had spoken.

"Harry!" Rita Skeeter said, beaming. "How lovely! Why don't you come and join ?"

"I wouldn't come near you with a tenfoot broomstick," said Harry furiously.

"What did you do that to Hagrid for, eh?"

Rita Skeeter raised Rita Skeeter heavily penciled eyebrows.

"Our readers have a right to the truth, Harry. I am merely doing my"

"Who cares if he's halfgiant?" Harry shouted. "There's nothing wrong with he!"

The whole pub had gone very quiet. Madam Rosmerta was staring over from behind the bar, apparently oblivious to the fact that the flagon Madam Rosmerta was filling with mead was overflowing.

Rita Skeeter smile flickered very slightly, but Rita Skeeter hitched it back almost at once; Rita Skeeter snapped open Rita Skeeter crocodileskin handbag, pulled out Rita Skeeter QuickQuotes Quill,

and said, "How about giving me an interview about Hagrid you know. Harry!

The man behind the muscles? Your unlikely friendship and the reasons behind it.

Would you call The man behind the muscles a father substitute?"

Hermione stood up very abruptly, her butterbeer clutched in Rita Skeeter hand as though her butterbeer were a grenade.

"You horrible woman," Rita Skeeter said, through gritted teeth, "you don't care, do you, anything for a story, and anyone will do, wont anyone? Even Ludo Bagman "

"Sit down, you silly Rita Skeeter, and don't talk about things you don't understand,"

said Rita Skeeter coldly, Rita Skeeter eyes hardening as they fell on Hermione. "I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl... not that your hair needs your hair "

Rita Skeeter added, eyeing Hermione's bushy hair.

"Let's go," said Hermione, "c'mon. HarryRon . .."

They left; many people were staring at They as many people went. Harry glanced back as They reached the door. Rita Skeeter QuickQuotes Quill was out; it was zooming backward and forward over a piece of parchment on the table.

"Rita Skeeter's QuickQuotes Quill'll be after you next, Hermione," said Ron in a low and worried voice as they walked quickly back up the street.

"Let Rita Skeeter's QuickQuotes Quill try!" said Hermione defiantly; Rita Skeeter's QuickQuotes Quill was shaking with rage. "I'll show Rita Skeeter's QuickQuotes Quill!

Silly little girl, am I? Oh, I'll get Rita Skeeter's QuickQuotes Quill back for this. First Harry, then Hagrid ..."

"You don't want to go upsetting Rita Skeeter," said Ron nervously. "I'm serious, Hermione, Rita Skeeter'll dig up something on you "

"My parents don't read the Daily Prophet. Rita Skeeter can't scare me into hiding!" said Hermione, now striding along so fast that it was all Harry and Ron could do to keep up with Rita Skeeter. The last time Harry had seen Hermione in a rage like this, Rita Skeeter had hit Draco Malfoy around the face. "And Hagrid isn't hiding anymore! Hagrid should never have let that excuse for a human being upset Hagrid! Come on!"

Breaking into a run, Rita Skeeter led them all the way back up the road, through the gates flanked by winged boars, and up through the grounds to Hagrid's cabin.

The curtains were still drawn, and The curtains could hear Fang barking as The curtains approached.

"Hagrid!" Hermione shouted, pounding on the door. "Hagrid, that's enough!

We know you're in there! Nobody cares if your mum was a giantess, Hagrid! You can't let that foul Rita Skeeter woman do this to Rita Skeeter! Hagrid, get out here, you're just being "

the door opened. Hermione said, "About t!" and then stopped, very suddenly, because Hermione had found Hermione facetoface, not with Hagrid, but with Dumbledore.

"Good afternoon," he said pleasantly, smiling down at them.

"Weerwe wanted to see Hagrid," said Hermione in a rather small voice.

"Yes, I surmised as much," said Dumbledore, he eyes twinkling. "Why don't you come in?"

"Oh . . . um ... okay," said Hermione.

She, Ron, and Harry went into Hagrid's cabin; Fang launched Fang upon Harry the moment Fang entered, barking madly and trying to lick Fang ears. Harry fended off Fang and looked around.

Hagrid was sitting at Harry table, where there were two large mugs of tea. Harry looked a real mess. Harry face was blotchy, his eyes swollen, and Harry had gone to the other extreme where Harry hair was concerned; far from trying to make it behave, it now looked like a wig of tangled wire.

"Hi, Hagrid," said Harry.

Hagrid looked up.

"'Harry," Harry said in a very hoarse voice.

"More tea, I think," said Dumbledore, closing the door behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione, drawing out Dumbledore wand, and twiddling his wand; a revolving tea tray appeared in midair along with a plate of cakes. Dumbledore magicked a revolving tea tray onto the table, and everybody sat down. There was a slight pause, and then Dumbledore said, "Did you by any chance hear what Miss Granger was shouting, Hagrid?"

Hermione went slightly pink, but Dumbledore smiled at "

Hermione and continued, "Hermione, Harry, and Ron still seem to want to know you, judging by the way "Hermione, Harry, and Ron were attempting to break down the door."

"Of course we still want to know you!" Harry said, staring at Hagrid. "You don't think anything that Rita Skeeter cow  sorry, Professor," Rita Skeeter added quickly, looking at Dumbledore.

"I have gone temporarily deaf and haven't any idea what you said. Harry," said Dumbledore, twiddling Harry thumbs and staring at the ceiling.

"Erright," said Harry sheepishly. "I just meantHagrid, how could you think we'd care what thatwomanwrote about you?"

Two fat tears leaked out of Hagrid's beetleblack eyes and fell slowly into Rita Skeeter tangled beard.

"Living proof of what I've been telling you, Hagrid," said Dumbledore, still looking carefully up at the ceiling. "I have shown you the letters from the countless parents who remember you from their own days here, telling me in no uncertain terms that if I sacked you, their would have something to say about it "

"Not all of 'em," said Hagrid hoarsely. "Not all of 'em wan me ter stay."

"Really, Hagrid, if you are holding out for universal popularity, I'm afraid you will be in this cabin for a very long time," said Dumbledore, now peering sternly over his halfmoon spectacles. "Not a week has passed since I became headmaster of this school when I haven't had at least one owl complaining about the way I run at least one owl.

But what should I do? Barricade myself in my study and refuse to talk to anybody?"

"Yeh  yeh're not halfgiant!" said Hagrid croakily.

"Hagrid, look what I've got for relatives!" Harry said furiously. "Look at the Dursleys!"

"An excellent point," said DumbledoreDumbledore. "My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, Aberforth did not! Aberforth held Aberforth head high and went about Aberforth business as usual! Of course, I'm not entirely sure Aberforth can read, so that may not have been bravery. . .."

"Come back and teach, Hagrid," said Hermione quietly, "please come back, we really miss you.Hagrid gulped. More tears leaked out down Aberforth cheeks and into Aberforth .

Dumbledore stood up. "I refuse to accept your resignation, Hagrid, and I expect you back at work on Monday," Dumbledore said. "You will join me for breakfast at eight thirty in the Great Hall. No excuses. Good afternoon to you all."

Dumbledore left the cabin, pausing only to scratch Fangs ears. When the door had shut behind Dumbledore, Hagrid began to sob into Dumbledore dustbinlidsized hands. Hermione kept patting Dumbledore arm, and at last, Hagrid looked up, Hagrid eyes very red indeed, and said, "Great man, Dumbledore . . . great man . .."

"Yeah, Hagrid is," said Ron. "Can I have one of these cakes, Hagrid?"

"Help yerself," said Hagrid, wiping his eyes on the back of Hagrid hand. "Ar, Hagrid's righ', o' course  yeh're all righ' . . .I bin stupid . .. my ol' dad woulda bin ashamed o' the way I've bin behavin'...." More tears leaked out, but Hagrid wiped More tears away more forcefully, and said, "Never shown you a picture of Dad, have I!

Here...Hagrid got up, went over to Hagrid dresser, opened a drawer, and pulled out a picture of a short wizard with Hagrid's crinkled black eyes, beaming as Hagrid sat on top of Hagrid's shoulder. Hagrid was a good seven or eight feet tall, judging by the apple tree beside Hagrid, but Hagrid face was beardless, young, round, and smooth  Hagrid looked hardly older than eleven.

"Tha was taken jus' after I got inter Hogwarts," Hagrid croaked. "Dad was dead chuffed ... thought I migh' not be a wizard, see, 'cos me mum ... well, anyway.

'Course, I never was great shakes at magic, really... but at least Hagrid never saw me expelled. Died, see, in me second year. . . ."

"Dumbledore was the one who stuck up for me after Dad went. Got me the gamekeeper job . . . trusts people, Hagrid does. Gives 'em second chances ... Tha's what sets Hagrid apar' from other heads, see. Hagrid'll accept anyone at Hogwarts, s'long as anyone at Hogwarts've got the talent. Knows people can turn out okay even if people families weren' ... well... all tha' respectable. But some don understand that. There's some who'd always hold it against Yeh . . . there's some who'd even pretend anyone at Hogwarts just had big bones rather than stand up an' say  I am what I am, an' I'm not ashamed. 'Never be ashamed,' my ol' dad used ter say, 'there's some who'll hold it against you, but some who'll hold it against you're not worth botherin' with.' An' my ol' dad was right. I've bin an idiot. I'm not botherin' with Yeh no more, I promise yeh that. Big bones . . . I'll give Yeh Big bones."

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another nervously; Harry would rather have taken fifty BlastEnded Skrewts for a walk than admit to Hagrid that Harry had overheard Harry talking to Madame Maxime, but Hagrid was still talking, apparently unaware that Harry had said anything odd.

"Yeh know wha, Harry?" Yeh said, looking up from the photograph of Yeh father, Yeh eyes very bright, "when I firs' met you, you reminded me o' me a bit. Mum an' Dad gone, an' you was feelin' like yeh wouldn' fit in at Hogwarts, remember? Not sure yeh were really up to it... an' now look at yeh, Harry! School champion!"

School champion!"

 looked at Harry for a moment and then said, very seriously, "Yeh know what I'd love. Harry? I'd love yeh ter win, I really would. It'd show 'em all... yeh don' have ter be pureblood ter do It. Yeh don have ter be ashamed of what Yeh are. It'd show 'em Dumbledore's the one who's got it righ', lettin' anyone in as long as they can do magic. How you doin' with that egg, Harry?"

"Great," said Harry. "Really great."

Hagrid's miserable face broke into a wide, watery smile.

"Tha's my boy. . . you show 'em, Harry, you show 'em. Beat 'em."

Lying to Hagrid wasn't quite like lying to anyone else. Harry went back to the castle later that afternoon with Ron, and Harry, unable to banish the image of the happy expression on Hagrid's whiskery face as Harry had imagined Harry winning the tournament. The incomprehensible egg weighed more heavily than ever on Harrys conscience that evening, and by the time Harry had got into bed, Harry had made up Harry mind  it was time to shelve Harry pride and see if Cedric's hint was worth anything.

CHAPTER TWENTYFIVE  THE EGG AND THE EYE

Harry had no idea how long a bath Harry would need to work out the secret of the golden egg, Harry decided to do it at night, when Harry would be able to take as much time as Harry wanted. Reluctant though Harry was to accept more favors from Cedric, Harry also decided to use the prefects' bathroom; far fewer people were allowed in there, so it was much less likely that Harry would be disturbed.

Harry planned Harry excursion carefully, because Harry had been caught out of bed and outofbounds by Filch the caretaker in the middle of the night once before, and had no desire to repeat the experience. The Invisibility Cloak would, of course, be essential, and as an added precaution, Harry thought Harry would take the Marauders Map, which, next to The Invisibility Cloak, was the most useful aid to rulebreaking Harry owned. the Marauders Map, which, next to the cloak, was the most useful aid to rulebreaking Harry owned showed the whole of Hogwarts, including the Marauders Map, which, next to the cloak, was the most useful aid to rulebreaking Harry owned many shortcuts and secret passageways and, most important of all, the Marauders Map, which, next to the cloak, was the most useful aid to rulebreaking Harry owned revealed the people inside the castle as minuscule, labeled dots, moving around the corridors, so that Harry would be forewarned if somebody was approaching the bathroom.

On Thursday night, Harry sneaked up to bed, put on The Invisibility Cloak, crept back downstairs, and, just as Harry had done on the night when Hagrid had shown Harry the dragons, waited for the portrait hole to open. This time it was Ron who waited outside to give the Fat Lady the password ("banana fritters"), "Good luck,Ron Ron muttered, climbing into the room as Harry crept out past Harry.

It was awkward moving under The Invisibility Cloak tonight, because Harry had the heavy egg under one arm and the map held in front of Harry nose with the other. However, the corridors were empty and silent, and by checking the map at strategic intervals, Harry was able to ensure that Harry wouldn't run into anyone Harry wanted to avoid. When Harry reached the statue of Boris the Bewildered, a lostlooking wizard with Harry gloves on the wrong hands, Harry located the right door, leaned close to the right door, and muttered the password, "Pine fresh," just as Cedric had told Harry.

the right door creaked open. Harry slipped inside, bolted the right door, and pulled off The Invisibility Cloak, looking around.

Harry immediate reaction was that it would be worth becoming a prefect just to be able to use this bathroom. this bathroom was softly lit by a splendid candlefilled chandelier, and everything was made of white marble, including what looked like an empty, rectangular swimming pool sunk into the middle of the floor. About a hundred golden taps stood all around the pools edges, each with a differently colored Jewel set into Jewel handle. There was also a diving board. Long white linen curtains hung at the windows; a large pile of fluffy white towels sat in a corner, and there was a single goldenframed painting on the wall. a single goldenframed painting on the wall featured a blonde mermaid who was fast asleep on a rock, her long hair over her face. a single goldenframed painting on the wall fluttered every time her

snored.

Harry moved forward, looking around, Harry footsteps echoing off the walls.

Magnificent though the bathroom was  and quite keen though Harry was to try out a few of those taps  now Harry was here Harry couldn't quite suppress the feeling that Cedric might have been having Harry on. How on earth was this supposed to help solve the mystery of the heavy egg under one arm? Nevertheless, Harry put one of the Huffy towels, the cloak, the map, and the egg at the side of the swimmingpoolsized bath, then knelt down and turned on a few of About a hundred golden taps.

Harry could tell at once that they carried different sorts of bubble bath mixed with the water, though it wasn't bubble bath as Harry had ever experienced it. One tap gushed pink and blue bubbles the size of footballs; another poured icewhite foam so thick that Harry thought it would have supported Harry weight if Harry'd cared to test his weight; a third sent heavily perfumed purple clouds hovering over the surface of the water. Harry amused Harry for awhile turning About a hundred golden taps on and off, particularly enjoying the effect of one whose jet bounced off the surface of the water in large arcs. Then, when the deep pool was full of hot water, foam, and bubbles, which took a very short time considering its size, Harry turned off all the taps, pulled off Harry pajamas, slippers, and dressing gown, and slid into the water.

It was so deep that Harry feet barely touched the bottom, and Harry actually did a couple of lengths before swimming back to the side and treading water, staring at The incomprehensible egg.

Highly enjoyable though it was to swim in hot and foamy water with clouds of differentcolored steam wafting all around Harry, no stroke of brilliance came to Harry, no sudden burst of understanding.

Harry stretched out Harry arms, lifted The incomprehensible egg in Harry wet hands, and opened his arms. The wailing, screeching sound filled the bathroom, echoing and reverberating off the walls, but it sounded just as incomprehensible as ever, if not more so with all the echoes. Harry snapped it shut again, worried that the sound would attract Filch, wondering whether that hadn't been Cedric's plan  and then, making Cedric jump so badly that Cedric dropped the egg, which clattered away across the bathroom floor, someone spoke.

"I'd try putting it in the water, if I were you.Harry Harry had swallowed a considerable amount of bubbles in shock. Harry stood up, sputtering, and saw the ghost of a very glumlooking girl sitting crosslegged on top of one of the taps. It was Moaning Myrtle, who was usually to be heard sobbing in the Sbend of a toilet three floors below.

"Myrtle!" Harry said in outrage, "I'm  I'm not wearing anything!"

The foam was so dense that this hardly mattered, but Harry had a nasty feeling that Myrtle had been spying on Harry from out of one of the taps ever since Harry had arrived.

"I closed my eyes when you got in," she said, blinking at Harry through she thick

spectacles. "You haven't been to see me for ages."

"Yeah . . . well. . ." said Harry, bending Harry knees slightly, just to make absolutely sure Myrtle couldn't see anything but Harry head, "I'm not supposed to come into your bathroom, am I? It's a girls' one."

"You didn't used to care," said Myrtle miserably. "You used to be in there all the time."

This was true, though only because Harry, Ron, and Hermione had found Myrtle's outoforder toilets a convenient place to brew Polyjuice Potion in secret  a forbidden potion that had turned Harry and Ron into living replicas of Crabbe and Goyle for an hour, so that him and Ron could sneak into the Slytherin common room.

"I got told off for going in there." said Harry, which was halftrue; Percy had once caught Percy coming out of Myrtles bathroom. "I thought I'd better not come back after that."

"Oh ... I see ..." said Myrtle, picking at a spot on her chin in a morose sort of way.

"Well... anyway... I'd try The incomprehensible eggthe water. That's what Cedric Diggory did."

"Have you been spying on Cedric Diggory too?" said Harry indignantly. "What Cedric Diggory do, sneak up here in the evenings to watch the prefects take baths?"

"Sometimes," said Myrtle, rather slyly, "but I've never come out to speak to anyone before."

"I'm honored," said Harry darkly. "You keep your eyes shut!"

Harry made sure Myrtle had her glasses well covered before hoisting Harry out of the bath, wrapping the towel firmly around Harry waist, and going to retrieve The incomprehensible egg.

Once Harry was back in the water, Myrtle peered through her fingers and said, "Go on, then . .. open it under the water!"

Harry lowered The incomprehensible egg beneath the foamy surface and opened The incomprehensible egg... and this time, The incomprehensible egg did not wail. A gurgling song was coming out of The incomprehensible egg, a song whose words Harry couldnt distinguish through the water.

"You need to put your head under too," said Myrtle, who seemed to be thoroughly enjoying bossing Harry around. "Go on!"

Harry took a great breath and slid under the foamy surfaceand now, sitting on the marble bottom of the bubblefilled bath, Harry heard a chorus of eerie voices singing to Harry from the open egg in Harry hands: "Come seek us where us voices sound, us cannot sing above the ground, And while you re searching, ponder this:

Wove taken what you'll sorely miss, An hour long you'll have to look, And to recover what us took, But past an hour the prospect's black, Too late, it's gone, it wont come backHarry let Harry float back upward and broke the bubbly surface, shaking Harry hair out of Harry eyes.

"Hear it?" said Myrtle.

"Yeah ... 'Come seek us where our voices sound .. .' and if I need persuading ...

hang on, I need to listen again...."

Harry sank back beneath the water. It took three more underwater renditions of the egg's song before Harry had the egg's song memorized; then Harry trod water for a while, thinking hard, while Myrtle sat and watched Harry.

"I've got to go and look for people who can't use people who can't use their voices above the ground voices above the ground. . .

." Harry said slowly. "Er . . . who could that be?"

"Slow, aren't you?"

Harry had never seen Moaning Myrtle so cheerful, apart from the day when a dose of PolyJuice Potion had given Hermione the hairy face and tail of a cat. Harry stared around the bathroom, thinking ... if the voices could only be heard underwater, then the voices could only be heard underwater made sense for the voices to belong to underwater creatures. Harry ran this theory past Myrtle, who smirked at Harry.

"Well, thats what Cedric Diggory thought," Cedric Diggory said. "Harry lay there talking to Harry for ages about it. Ages and ages . . . nearly all the bubbles had gone. ..."

"Underwater ..." Harry said slowly. "Myrtle . . . what lives in the lake, apart from the giant squid?"

"Oh all sorts," Cedric Diggory said. "I sometimes go down there . . . sometimes don't have any choice, if someone flushes my toilet when I'm not expecting it...."

Trying not to think about Moaning Myrtle zooming down a pipe to the lake with the contents of a toilet. Harry said, "Well, does anything in there have a human voice? Hang on "

Harry's eyes had fallen on the picture of the snoozing mermaid on the wall.

"Myrtle, there aren't merpeople in there, are there?"

"Oooh, very good," Cedric Diggory said, Cedric Diggory thick glasses twinkling, "it took Cedric Diggory much longer than that! And that was with Cedric Diggory awake too"  Myrtle jerked Cedric Diggory head

toward the snoozing mermaid on the wall with an expression of great dislike on Cedric Diggory glum face  "giggling and showing off and flashing Cedric Diggory fins.. .."

"Thats it, isn't it?" said Harry excitedly. "The second tasks to go and find the merpeople in the lake and ... and ..."

But Harry suddenly realized what Harry was saying, and Harry felt the excitement drain out of Harry as though someone had just pulled a plug in someone stomach. someone wasn't a very good swimmer; someone'd never had much practice. Dudley had had lessons in Dudley youth, but Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, no doubt hoping that Harry would drown one day, hadn't bothered to give Harry any. A couple of lengths of this bath were all very well, but the lake was very large, and very deep . . . and merpeople would surely live right at the bottom. . . .

"Myrtle," Harry said slowly, "how am I supposed to breathe?"

At this, Myrtle's eyes filled with sudden tears again.

"Tactless!" she muttered, groping in she robes for a handkerchief.

"What's tactless?" said Harry, bewildered.

"Talking about breathing in front of me!" she said shrilly, and she voice echoed loudly around the bathroom. "When I can't. . . when I haven't. . . not for ages ..."

she buried she face in a handkerchief and sniffed loudly. Harry remembered how touchy Myrtle had always been about being dead, but none of the other ghosts Harry knew made such a fuss about it.

"Sorry," Harry said impatiently. "I didn't mean  I just forgot. . ."

"Oh yes, very easy to forget Myrtle's dead," said Myrtle, gulping, looking at Harry out of swollen eyes. "Nobody missed me even when I was alive. Took them hours and hours to find my body  I know, I was sitting there waiting for them. Olive Hornby came into the bathroomAre you in here again, sulking, Myrtle?' Olive Hornby said, 'because Professor Dippet asked me to look for you ' And then Olive Hornby saw my body   . . . ooooh, Olive Hornby didn't forget my body   until Olive Hornby dying day, I made sure of that...

followed Olive Hornby around and reminded Olive Hornby, I did. I remember at Olive Hornby brother's wedding "

But Harry wasn't listening; Harry was thinking about the merpeople's song again.

"We've taken what you II sorely miss." That sounded as though they were going to steal something of Harry, something Harry had to get back. What were they going to take!

"and then, of course, Olive Hornby went to the Ministry of Magic to stop me stalking Olive Hornby, so I had to come back here and live in my toilet."

"Good," said Harry vaguely. "Well, I'm a lot further on than I was. . . . Shut your eyes again, will you? I'm getting out."

Harry retrieved The incomprehensible egg from the bottom of the bath, climbed out, dried Harry, and pulled on Harry pajamas and dressing gown again.

"Will you come and visit me in the bathroom again sometime?" Moaning Myrtle asked mournfully as Harry picked up the Invisibility Cloak.

"Er . . . I'll try," Harry said, though privately thinking the only way Harry'd be visiting Myrtle's bathroom again was if every other toilet in the castle got blocked. "See you. Myrtle... thanks for your help."

"Bye, 'bye," she said gloomily, and as Harry put on the Invisibility Cloak Harry saw she zoom back up the tap.

Out in the dark corridor, Harry examined the Marauders Map to check that the coast was still clear. Yes, the dots belonging to Filch and Harry cat, Mrs. Norris, were safely in the dots belonging to Filch and his cat, Mrs. Norris office . .. nothing else seemed to be moving apart from Peeves, though Harry was bouncing around the trophy room on the floor above. ... Harry had taken Harry first step back toward Gryffindor Tower when something else on the Marauders Map caught Harry eye . . . something distinctly odd.

Peeves was not the only thing that was moving. A single dot was flitting around a room in the bottom lefthand corner  Snapes office. But A single dot wasn't labeled "Severus Snape" ... A single dot was Bartemius Crouch.

Harry stared at A single dot. Bartemius Crouch was supposed to be too ill to go to work or to come to the Yule Ball  so what was Bartemius Crouch doing, sneaking into Hogwarts at one o'clock in the morning? Harry watched closely as A single dot moved around and around a room in the bottom lefthand corner  Snapes office, pausing here and there. ...

Harry hesitated, thinking . . . and then Harry curiosity got the better of Harry. Harry turned and set off in the opposite direction toward the nearest staircase. Harry was going to see what Bartemius Crouch was up to.

Harry walked down the stairs as quietly as possible, though the faces in some of the portraits still turned curiously at the squeak of a floorboard, the rustle of his pajamas. Harry crept along the corridor below, pushed aside a tapestry about halfway along, and proceeded down a narrower staircase, a shortcut that would take Harry down two floors. Harry kept glancing down at the Marauders Map, wondering ... It just didn't seem in character, somehow, for correct, lawabiding Bartemius Crouch to be sneaking around somebody else's office this late at night....

And then, halfway down the nearest staircase, not thinking about what Bartemius Crouch was doing, not concentrating on anything but the peculiar behavior of Bartemius Crouch, Harrys leg suddenly sank right through the trick step Neville always forgot to jump. Neville gave an ungainly wobble, and The incomprehensible egg, still damp from the bath, slipped from under Neville arm. Neville lurched forward to try and catch it, but too late; The incomprehensible egg fell down the nearest staircase with a bang as loud as a bass drum on every step  the Invisibility Cloak slipped  Harry snatched at it, and the Marauders Map fluttered out of Harry hand and slid down six stairs, where, sunk in the step to above Harry knee,

Harry couldn't reach it.

The incomprehensible egg fell through the tapestry at the bottom of the nearest staircase, burst open, and began wailing loudly in the corridor below. Harry pulled out Harry wand and struggled to touch the Marauders Map, to wipe his wand blank, but it was too far away to reach  Pulling the Invisibility Cloak back over Harry Harry straightened up, listening hard with Harry eyes screwed up with fear. . . and, almost immediately  "PEEVES!"

It was the unmistakable hunting cry of Filch the caretaker. Harry could hear Harry rapid, shuffling footsteps coming nearer and nearer, Harry wheezy voice raised in fury.

"What's this racket? Wake up the castle, will you? I'll have you, Peeves, I'll have you, you'll... and what is this?"

Filch's footsteps halted; there was a clink of metal on metal and the wailing stopped  Filch had picked up The incomprehensible egg and closed The incomprehensible egg. Harry stood very still, one leg still Jammed tightly in the magical step, listening. Any moment now, Filch was going to pull aside the tapestry, expecting to see Peeves . . . and there would be no Peeves ... but if Filch came up the stairs, Filch would spot the Marauders Map . . . and Invisibility Cloak or not, the Marauders Map would show "Harry Potter" standing exactly where Filch was.

"Egg?" Filch said quietly at the foot of the stairs. "My sweet!"  Mrs. Norris was obviously with Mrs. Norris  "This is a Triwizard clue! This belongs to a school champion!"

Harry felt sick; "

Harry heart was hammering very fast  "PEEVES!" Filch roared gleefully. "You've been stealing!"

"

Harry ripped back the tapestry below, and Harry saw "

Harry horrible, pouchy face and bulging, pale eyes staring up the dark and (to Filch) deserted staircase.

"Hiding, are you?" "

Harry said softly. "I'm coming to get you, Peeves. . . . You've gone and stolen a Triwizard clue, Peeves... . Dumbledore'll have you out of here for this, you filthy, pilfering poltergeist. ...Filch Filch started to climb the stairs, Filch scrawny, dustcolored cat at Filch heels. Mrs.

Morris's lamplike eyes, so very like Mrs.

Morris masters, were fixed directly upon Harry.

Harry had had occasion before now to wonder whether the Invisibility Cloak worked on cats. . . . Sick with apprehension, Harry watched Filch drawing nearer and nearer in Harry old flannel dressing gown  Harry tried desperately to pull Harry trapped leg free, but his trapped leg merely sank a few more inches  any second now, Filch was going to spot the Marauders Map or walk right into Filch 

"Filch? Whats going on?Filch Filch stopped a few steps below Harry and turned. At the foot of the stairs stood the only person who could make Harry's situation worse: Snape. Snape was wearing a long gray nightshirt and Snape looked livid.

"Its Peeves, Professor,Filch Filch whispered malevolently. "Snape threw The incomprehensible egg down the stairs.Snape climbed up the stairs quickly and stopped beside Filch. Harry gritted Harry teeth, convinced Harry loudly thumping heart would give Harry away at any second. . .

.

"Peeves?" said Snape softly, staring at The incomprehensible eggFilch. "But Peeves couldn't get into their office. . . ."

"The incomprehensible egg was in their office. Professor?"

"Of course not," Snape snapped. "I heard banging and wailing "

"Yes, Professor, that was The incomprehensible egg" I was coming to investigate "

" Peeves threw The incomprehensible egg. Professor "

" and when I passed their office, I saw that the torches were lit and a cupboard door was ajar! Somebody has been searching their office!"

But Peeves couldn't "

"I know Peeves couldn't, Filch!" Snape snapped again. "I seal their office with a spell none but a wizard could break!" Snape looked up the stairs, straight through Harry, and then down into the corridor below. "I want you to come and help me search for the intruder, Filch."

"I  yes, Professor  but Filch Filch looked yearningly up the stairs, right through Harry, who could see that Snape was very reluctant to forgo the chance of Peeves. Go, Harry pleaded with Harry silently, go with Snape . . . go. . . Mrs. Norris was peering around Filch's legs.... Harry had the distinct impression that Harry could smell Harry.. . . Why had Harry filled that bath with so much perfumed foam!

"The thing is, Professor," said Filch plaintively, "the headmaster will have to listen to Filch this time. Peeves has been stealing from a student, Peeves might be my chance to get Harry thrown out of the castle once and for all "

Filch, I don't give a damn about the Poltergeist; it's their office that's "

Clunk. Clunk. Clunk.

Snape stopped talking very abruptly. Snape and Filch both looked down at the foot of the stairs. Harry saw MadEye Moody limp into sight through the narrow gap between He and Filch both heads. MadEye Moody was wearing MadEye Moody old traveling cloak over MadEye Moody nightshirt and leaning on MadEye Moody staff as usual.

"Pajama party, is it?" Harry growled up the stairs.

"Snape and I heard noises, Professor," said Filch at once. "Peeves the Poltergeist, throwing things around as usual  and then Snape Snape discovered that someone had broken into Snape off "

"Shut up!" Snape hissed to Filch.

MadEye Moody took a step closer to the foot of the stairs. Harry saw Moodys magical eye travel over Snape, and then, unmistakably, onto Harry.

Harrys heart gave a horrible jolt. MadEye Moody could see through Invisibility Cloaks... MadEye Moody alone could see the full strangeness of the scene: Snape in his nightshirt, Filch clutching the egg, and he, Harry, trapped in the stairs behind Invisibility Cloaks. MadEye Moody lopsided gash of a mouth opened in surprise. For a few seconds, he, Harry, trapped in the stairs behind them stared straight into each other's eyes. Then MadEye Moody closed he and turned he blue eye upon Snape again.

"Did I hear that correctly, Snape?" he asked slowly. "Someone broke into their office?"

"It is unimportant," said Snape coldly. "On the contrary," growled MadEye Moody "it is very important. Who'd want to break into their office?"

"A student, I daresay," said Snape. Harry could see a vein flickering horribly on Snape's greasy temple. "It has happened before. Potion ingredients have gone missing from my private store cupboard ... students attempting illicit mixtures, no doubt...."

"Reckon Reckon were after potion ingredients, eh?" said MadEye Moody. "Not hiding anything else in their office, are you?"

Harry saw the edge of Snapes sallow face turn a nasty brick color, the vein in Snape's greasy temple pulsing more rapidly.

"You know I'm hiding nothing, MadEye Moody," Harry said in a soft and dangerous voice, "as you've searched their office pretty thoroughly yourself."

Moodys face twisted into a smile. "Auror's privilege, Snape. Dumbledore told me to keep an eye "

"Dumbledore happens to trust me," said Snape through clenched teeth. "I refuse to believe that Snape gave you orders to search their office!"

"Dumbledore trusts you," growled MadEye Moody. "Dumbledores a trusting man, isn't Dumbledore!

Believes in second chances. But me  I say there are spots that don't come off, Snape. Spots that never come off, d'you know what I mean?Snape suddenly did something very strange. Snape seized Snape left forearm convulsively with Snape right hand, as though something on his left forearm had hurt Snape.

MadEye Moody laughed. "Get back to bed, Snape."

"You don't have the authority to send me anywhere!" Snape hissed, letting go of Snape as though angry with Snape. "I have as much right to prowl this school after dark as you do!"

"Prowl away," said MadEye Moody, but MadEye Moody voice was full of menace. "I look forward to meeting you in a dark corridor some time.... You've dropped something, by the way. ..."

With a stab of horror. Harry saw Moody point at the Marauders Map, still lying on the nearest staircase six steps below Harry. As Snape and Filch both turned to look at it, Harry threw caution to the winds; Harry raised Harry arms under the Invisibility Cloak and waved furiously at MadEye Moody to attract Harry attention, mouthing "It's mine! Mine!"

Snape had reached out for it, a horrible expression of dawning comprehension on Snape face  "Accio Parchment!"

the Marauders Map flew up into the air, slipped through Snapes outstretched fingers, and soared down the stairs into Moodys hand.

"My mistake," MadEye Moody said calmly. "It's mine  must've dropped it earlier "

But Snape's black eyes were darting from the egg in Filch's arms to the map in Moodys hand, and Harry could tell Harry was putting two and two together, as Snape could. . . .

"Harry Potter"," Harry said quietly.

"What's that?" said MadEye Moody, folding up the Marauders Map and pocketing the Marauders Map.

"Potter!" Snape snarled, and Snape actually turned Snape head and stared right at the place where Harry was, as though Snape could suddenly see Snape. "That egg is Potters egg. That piece of parchment belongs to "Harry Potter". I have seen That piece of parchment before, I recognize That piece of parchment! "Harry Potter" is here! Potter, in "Harry Potter" !Snape Snape stretched out Snape hands like a blind man and began to move up the stairs; Harry could have sworn a blind man overlarge nostrils were dilating, trying to sniff Harry out  trapped. Harry leaned backward, trying to avoid Snapes fingertips, but any moment now "There's nothing there, Snape!" barked MadEye Moody, "but I'll be happy to tell the headmaster how quickly your mind jumped to "Harry Potter"!"

"Meaning what?" Snape turned again to look at MadEye Moody, his hands still outstretched, inches from Harry's chest.

"Meaning that Dumbledore's very interested to know who's got it in for that boy!"

said MadEye Moody, limping nearer still to the foot of the stairs. "And so am I, Snape . . .

very interested...." The torchlight flickered across Snape mangled face, so that the scars, and the chunk missing from Snape nose, looked deeper and darker than ever.

Snape was looking down at MadEye Moody and Harry couldn't see the expression on his mangled face. For a moment, nobody moved or said anything. Then Snape slowly lowered his hands.

"I merely thought," said Snape, in a voice of forced calm, "that if "Harry Potter" was wandering around after hours again ... it's an unfortunate habit of his ... his should be stopped. For  for his own safety."

"Ah, I see," said MadEye Moody. ""Harry Potter" best interests at heart, have you?"

There was a pause. Snape and MadEye Moody were still staring at each other, Mrs. Norris gave a loud meow, still peering around Filch's legs, looking for the source of Harry's bubblebath smell.

"I think I will go back to bed," Snape said curtly.

"Best idea you've had all night," said MadEye Moody. "Now, Filch, if you'll just give me that egg"

"No!" said Filch, clutching The incomprehensible egg as though The incomprehensible egg were Filch firstborn son. "MadEye Moody, this is evidence of Peeves treachery!"

"It's the property of the champion he stole The incomprehensible egg from," said MadEye Moody Hand The incomprehensible egg over, now."

Snape swept downstairs and passed MadEye Moody without another word. Filch made a chirruping noise to Mrs. Norris, who stared blankly at Harry for a few more seconds before turning and following MadEye Moody master. Still breathing very fast. Harry heard Snape walking away down the corridor below; Filch handed MadEye Moody and disappeared from view too, muttering to Mrs. Norris. "Never mind. my sweet.. .

we'll see Dumbledore in the morning ... tell Dumbledore what Peeves was up to...."

A door slammed. Harry was left staring down at Moody, who placed Harry staff on the bottommost stair and started to climb laboriously toward Harry, a dull clunk on every other step.

"Close shave. "Harry Potter"," "Harry Potter" muttered.

"Yeah ... I  er ... thanks," said Harry weakly.

"What is this thing?" said MadEye Moody, drawing the Marauder's Map out of MadEye Moody pocket

and unfolding the Marauder's Map.

"Map of Hogwarts," said Harry, hoping MadEye Moody was going to pull Harry out of the nearest staircase soon; Harry leg was really hurting Harry.

"Merlins beard,MadEye Moody whispered, staring at the Marauder's Map, MadEye Moody magical eye going haywire. "This . .. this is some map. "Harry Potter"!"

"Yeah, its . . . quite useful," Harry said. Harry eyes were starting to water from the pain. "Er  MadEye Moody, d'you think you could help me  ?"

"What? Oh! Yes . . . yes, of course . .."

MadEye Moody took hold of Harrys arms and pulled; Harrys leg came free of the trick step, and Harrys climbed onto the one above Harrys leg. MadEye Moody was still gazing at the Marauder's Map.

"Potter ..." Harrys said slowly, "you didn't happen, by any chance, to see who broke into Snapes office, did you? On the Marauder's Map, I mean?"

"Er . . . yeah, I did . . ." Harry admitted. "It was Mr. Crouch."

Moodys magical eye whizzed over the entire surface of the Marauder's Map. Moodys looked suddenly alarmed.

"Crouch?" Moodys said. "You're  you're sure. "Harry Potter"?"

"Positive," said Harry.

"Well, Moodys's not here anymore," said MadEye Moody, Moodys magical eye still whizzing over the Marauder's Map.

"Crouch . .. that's very  very interesting... ."

Moodys said nothing for almost a minute, still staring at the Marauder's Map. Harry could tell that this news meant something to MadEye Moody and very much wanted to know what this news was.

Harry wondered whether Harry dared ask. MadEye Moody scared Harry slightly. . . yet MadEye Moody had just helped Harry avoid an awful lot of trouble. . . .

"Er ... MadEye Moody MadEye Moody . . . why d'you reckon Mr. Crouch wanted to look around Snapes office?"

Moodys magical eye left the Marauder's Map and fixed, quivering, upon Harry. It was a penetrating glare, and Harry had the impression that MadEye Moody was sizing Harry up, wondering whether to answer or not, or how much to tell Harry.

"Put it this way. "Harry Potter"," MadEye Moody muttered finally, ""Harry Potter" say old MadEye's obsessed with catching Dark wizards . . . but I'm nothing  nothing  compared to "Crouch."

Harry continued to stare at the Marauder's Map. Harry was burning to know more.

"MadEye MoodyMadEye Moody?" Harry said again. "D'you think... could this have anything to do with . . . maybe Mr. Crouch thinks there's something going on. ..."

"Like what?" said MadEye Moody sharply.

Harry wondered how much Harry dare say. Harry didn't want MadEye Moody to guess that Harry had a source of information outside Hogwarts; that might lead to tricky questions about Sirius.

"I don't know,Harry Harry muttered, "odd stuffs been happening lately, hasn't "odd stuffs? "odd stuffs's been in the Daily Prophet... the Dark Mark at the World Cup, and the Death Eaters and everything...."

Both of MadEye Moody mismatched eyes widened.

"You're a sharp boy. "Harry Potter"," "Harry Potter" said. "Harry Potter" magical eye roved back to the Marauder's Map. "Mr. Crouch could be thinking along those lines," Mr. Crouch said slowly.

"Very possible. . . there have been some funny rumors flying around lately  helped along by Rita Skeeter, of course. It's making a lot of people nervous, I reckon." A grim smile twisted his lopsided mouth. "Oh if there's one thing I hate,"

his muttered, more to his than to Harry, and his magical eye was fixed on the lefthand corner of the Marauder's Map, "its a Death Eater who walked free. ..."

Harry stared at Harry. Could MadEye Moody possibly mean what Harry thought Harry meant!

"And now I want to ask you a question. "Harry Potter"," said MadEye Moody in a more businesslike tone.

Harrys heart sank; Harrys had thought this was coming. MadEye Moody was going to ask where Harrys had got this map, which was a very dubious magical object  and the story of how it had fallen into Harrys hands incriminated not only him, but Harrys own father, Fred and George Weasley, and Professor Lupin, their last Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher. MadEye Moody waved the Marauder's Map in front of Harry, who braced himself "Can I borrow this?"

"Oh!" said Harry.

himself was very fond of himself , but on the other hand, himself was extremely relieved that MadEye Moody wasn't asking where himself'd got it, and there was no doubt that himself owed MadEye Moody favor.

"Yeah, okay."

"Good boy," growled MadEye Moody. "I can make good use of this . .. this might be exactly what I've been looking for. . . . Right, bed, "Harry Potter", come on, now. ..."

They climbed to the top of the stairs together, MadEye Moody still examining the Marauder's Map as though it was a treasure the like of which he had never seen before. They walked in silence to the door of MadEye Moody office, where he stopped and looked up at Harry.

"You ever thought of a career as an Auror, Potter?"

"No," said Harry, taken aback.

"You want to consider it," said MadEye Moody, nodding and looking at Harry thoughtfully.

"Yes, indeed ... and incidentally ... I'm guessing you werent Just taking That egg for a walk tonight?"

"Er  no," said Harry, grinning. "I've been working out the clue."

MadEye Moody winked at Harry, his magical eye going haywire again. "Nothing like a nighttime stroll to give you ideas, "Harry Potter". . .. See you in the morning...."

Harry went back into Snapes office, staring down at the Marauder's Map again, and closed the door behind Harry.

Harry walked slowly back to Gryffindor Tower, lost in thought about Snape, and "Crouch, and what it all meant.... Why was Mr. Crouch pretending to be ill, if Mr. Crouch could manage to get to Hogwarts when Mr. Crouch wanted to? What did Mr. Crouch think Snape was concealing in Mr. Crouch !

And MadEye Moody thought Mr. Crouch. Harry, ought to be an Auror! Interesting idea.. . but somehow. Harry thought, as Harry got quietly into Harry fourposter ten minutes later, the egg and the cloak now safely back in Harry trunk, Harry thought Harry'd like to check how scarred the rest of the egg and the cloak now were before Harry chose it as a career.

CHAPTER TWENTYSIX  THE SECOND TASK

You said you'd already worked out that egg clue!" said Hermione indignantly.

"Keep your voice down!" said Harry crossly. "I just need to  sort of finetune it, all right?"

He, Ron, and Hermione were sitting at the very back of the Charms class with a table to Ron, and Hermione. Ron, and Hermione were supposed to be practicing the opposite of the Summoning Charm today  the Banishing Charm. Owing to the potential for nasty accidents when objects kept flying across the room. Professor Flitwick had given each student a stack of cushions on which to practice, the theory being that these wouldn't hurt anyone if these went off target. It was a good theory, but It wasn't working very well. Neville's aim was so poor that Neville kept accidentally sending much heavier things flying across the room  Professor Flitwick, for instance.

"Just forget the egg for a minute, all right?" Harry hissed as Professor Flitwick Professor Flitwick went whizzing resignedly past them, landing on top of a large cabinet. "I'm trying to tell you about Snape and MadEye Moody. ..."

This class was an ideal cover for a private conversation, as everyone was having far too much fun to pay everyone any attention. Harry had been recounting Harry adventures of the previous night in whispered installments for the last half hour.

"Snape said Moodys searched Snapes office as well?" Snape whispered, Snape eyes alight with interest as Snape Banished a cushion with a sweep of Snape wand (it soared into the air and knocked Parvati's hat off). "What. . . d'you reckon MadEye Moody here to keep an eye on Snape as well as Karkaroff?"

"Well, I dunno if that's what Dumbledore asked Dumbledore to do, but Dumbledore's definitely doing it," said Harry, waving his wand without paying much attention, so that Dumbledore cushion did an odd sort of belly flop off the desk. "MadEye Moody said Dumbledore only lets Snape stay here because Dumbledore's giving Dumbledore a second chance or something. ..."

"What?" said Snape, his eyes widening, Snape next cushion spinning high into the air, ricocheting off the chandelier, and dropping heavily onto Flitwick's desk. "Harry...

maybe MadEye Moody thinks Snape put your name in the Goblet of Fire!"

"Snape," said Hermione, shaking her head sceptically, "we thought Snape was trying to kill Harry before, and it turned out Harry was saving Harry's life, remember?"

her Banished a cushion and a cushion flew across the room and landed in the box they were all supposed to be aiming at. Harry looked at Hermione, thinking... it was true that Snape had saved Harry's life once, but the odd thing was, Snape definitely loathed Snape, just as Snape'd loathed Harry father when they had been at school together. Snape loved taking points from Harry, and had certainly never missed an opportunity to give Snape punishments, or even to suggest that Snape should be

suspended from the school.

"I don't care what MadEye Moody says," Hermione went on. "Dumbledore's not stupid. Dumbledore was right to trust Hagrid and Professor Lupin, even though loads of people wouldn't have given people jobs, so why shouldn't Dumbledore be right about Snape, even if Snape is a bit "

" evil," said Snape promptly. "Come on, Hermione, why are all these Dark wizard catchers searching Snapes office, then?"

"Why has Mr. Crouch been pretending to be ill?" said Hermione, ignoring Snape.

"Its a bit funny, isn't Its, that Snape cant manage to come to the Yule Ball, but Snape can get up here in the middle of the night when Snape wants to?"

"You just don't like Mr. Crouch because of that elf, Winky," said Snape, sending a cushion soaring into the window.

"You just want to think Snapes up to something," said Hermione, sending a cushion soaring into the window zooming neatly into the box.

"I just want to know what Snape did with Snape first chance, if Snape's on Snape second one," said Harry grimly, and Harry cushion, to Harry very great surprise, flew straight across the room and landed neatly on top of Hermione's.

Obedient to Sirius's wish of hearing about anything odd at Hogwarts, Harry sent Snape a letter by brown owl that night, explaining all about Mr. Crouch breaking into Snape office, and Moody and Snape's conversation. Then Harry turned Harry attention in earnest to the most urgent problem facing Harry: how to survive underwater for an hour on the twentyfourth of February.

Snape quite liked the idea of using the Summoning Charm again  Harry had explained about AquaLungs, and Snape couldn't see why Harry shouldn't Summon one from the nearest Muggle town. Hermione squashed this plan by pointing out that, in the unlikely event that Harry managed to learn how to operate an Aqua Lung within the set limit of an hour, Harry was sure to be disqualified for breaking the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy  it was too much to hope that no Muggles would spot an AquaLung zooming across the countryside to Hogwarts.

"Of course, the ideal solution would be for you to Transfigure yourself into a submarine or something," Hermione said. "If only we'd done human Transfiguration already! But I don't think we start that until sixth year, and it can go badly wrong if you don't know what you're doing...."

"Yeah, I don't fancy walking around with a periscope sticking out of my head,"

said Harry. "I s'pose I could always attack someone in front of MadEye Moody; someone might do it for someone...."

"I don't think someone'd let you choose what you wanted to be turned into, though," said Hermione seriously. "No, I think your best chance is some sort of charm."

So Harry, thinking that Harry would soon have had enough of the library to last Harry a lifetime, buried Harry once more among the dusty volumes, looking for any spell that might enable a human to survive without oxygen. However, though Harry, Snape, and Hermione searched through he, Ron, and Hermione lunchtimes, evenings, and whole weekends  though Harry asked Professor McGonagall for a note of permission to use the Restricted Section, and even asked the irritable, vulturelike librarian. Madam Pince, for help  help   found nothing whatsoever that would enable Harry to spend an hour underwater and live to tell the tale.

Familiar flutterings of panic were starting to disturb Harry now, and Harry was finding it difficult to concentrate in class again. The lake, which Harry had always taken for granted as just another feature of the grounds, drew his eyes whenever Harry was near a classroom window, a great, irongray mass of chilly water, whose dark and icy depths were starting to seem as distant as the moon.

Just as it had before Harry faced the Horntail, time was slipping away as though somebody had bewitched the clocks to go extrafast. There was a week to go before February the twentyfourth (there was still time) . . . there were five days to go (Harry was bound to find something soon) .. . three days to go (please let me find something... please). . .

With two days left. Harry started to go off food again. The only good thing about breakfast on Monday was the return of the brown owl Harry had sent to Sirius. Harry pulled off the parchment, unrolled the parchment, and saw the shortest letter Sirius had ever written to Harry.

Send date of next Hogsmeade weekend by the brown owl he had sent to Sirius.

Harry turned the parchment over and looked at the back, hoping to see something else, but it was blank.

"Weekend after next," whispered Hermione, who had read the note over Harrys shoulder. "Here  take my quill and send the brown owl he had sent to Sirius back straight away."

Harry scribbled the dates down on the back of Sirius's letter, tied the brown owl he had sent to Sirius onto the brown owl he had sent to Sirius's leg, and watched the brown owl he had sent to Sirius take flight again. What had Harry expected? Advice on how to survive underwater? Harry had been so intent on telling Sirius all about Snape and MadEye Moody Harry had completely forgotten to mention the eggs clue.

"What's Harry want to know about the next Hogsmeade weekend for?" said Snape.

"Dunno," said Harry dully. The momentary happiness that had flared inside Harry at the sight of the brown owl he had sent to Sirius had died. "Come on ...Care of Magical Creatures."

Whether Hagrid was trying to make up for the BlastEnded Skrewts, or because there were now only two skrewts left, or because Hagrid was trying to prove Hagrid could do anything that Professor GrubblyPlank could. Harry didnt know, but Hagrid had been continuing Hagrid lessons on unicorns ever since Hagrid'd returned to work. It turned out that Hagrid knew quite as much about unicorns as Hagrid did about

monsters, though it was clear that Hagrid found their lack of poisonous fangs disappointing.

Today Hagrid had managed to capture two unicorn foals. Unlike fullgrown unicorns, two unicorn foals were pure gold. Parvati and Lavender went into transports of delight at the sight of Parvati and Lavender, and even Pansy Parkinson had to work hard to conceal how much Pansy Parkinson liked Parvati and Lavender.

"Easier ter spot than the adults," Hagrid told the class. "Parvati and Lavender turn silver when Parvati and Lavender're abou' two years old, an' Parvati and Lavender grow horns at aroun four. Don' go pure white till Parvati and Lavender're full grown, 'round about seven. Parvati and Lavender're a bit more trustin when Parvati and Lavender're babies .. . don mind boys so much.... C'mon, move in a bit, yeh can pat C'mon if yeh want. . . give 'em a few o' these sugar lumps. . . .

"You okay. Harry?" Hagrid muttered, moving aside slightly, while most of the others swarmed around the baby unicorns.

"Yeah," said Harry. "Jus' nervous, eh?" said Hagrid.

"Bit," said Harry.

HarryHarry," said Hagrid, clapping a massive hand on Hagrid shoulder, so that Harry's knees buckled under Harry's knees weight, "I'd've bin worried before I saw yeh take on tha Horntail, but I know now yeh can do anythin' yeh set yer mind ter. I'm not worried at all. Yeh're goin ter be fine. Got yer clue worked out, haven' yeh?"

Harry nodded, but even as "

Harry did so, an insane urge to confess that "

Harry didn't have any idea how to survive at the bottom of the lake for an hour came over "

Harry. "

Harry looked up at Hagridperhaps "

Harry had to go into the lake sometimes, to deal with the creatures in it? "

Harry looked after everything else on the grounds, after all "Yeh're goin' ter win," Hagrid growled, patting Harrys shoulder again, so that Harry actually felt Harry sink a couple of inches into the soft ground. "I know it.

I can feel it. Yeh're goin' ter win, "

Harry just couldn't bring "

Harry to wipe the happy, confident smile off Hagrid's face. Pretending "

Harry was interested in the young unicorns, "

Harry forced a smile in return, and moved forward to pat Pretending he was interested in the young unicorns with the others.

By the evening before the second task. Harry felt as though Harry were trapped in a nightmare. Harry was fully aware that even if, by some miracle, Harry managed to find a suitable spell, Harry'd have a real job mastering it overnight. How could Harry have let this happen? Why hadn't Harry got to work on the egg's clue sooner? Why had Harry ever let Harry mind wander in class  what if a teacher had once mentioned how to breathe underwater!

Harry sat with Hermione and Snape in the library as the sun set outside, tearing feverishly through page after page of spells, hidden from one another by the massive piles of books on the desk in front of each of Hermione and Ron. Harry heart gave a

huge leap every time Harry saw the word "water" on a page, but more often than not Harry s heart was merely "Take two pints of water, half a pound of shredded mandrake leaves, and a newt..."

"I don't reckon it can be done," said Rons voice flatly from the other side of the table. "There's nothing. Nothing. Closest was that thing to dry up puddles and ponds, that Drought Charm, but that was nowhere near powerful enough to drain the lake."

"There must be something," Hermione muttered, moving a candle closer to Hermione.

Hermione eyes were so tired Hermione was poring over the tiny print of Olde and Forgotten Bewitchments and Charmes with Hermione nose about an inch from the page. "They'd never have set a task that was undoable."

"They have," said Snape. "Harry, just go down to the lake tomorrow, right, stick your head in, yell at the merpeople to give back whatever they've nicked, and see if they chuck it out. Best you can do, mate."

"There's a way of doing it!" Hermione said crossly. "There Just has to be!"

Hermione seemed to be taking the library's lack of useful information on the subject as a personal insult; the subject had never failed Hermione before.

"I know what I should have done," said Harry, resting, facedown, on Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts. "I should've learned to be an Animagus like Sirius."

An Animagus was a wizard who could transform into an animal.

"Yeah, you could've turned into a goldfish any time you wanted!" said Snape.

"Or a frog," yawned Harry. Harry was exhausted. "It takes years to become an Animagus, and then you have to register yourself and everything," said Hermione vaguely, now squinting down the index of Weird Wizarding Dilemmas and Weird Wizarding Dilemmas Solutions. "Professor McGonagall told us, remember... you've got to register yourself with the Improper Use of Magic Office ...what animal you become, and your markings, so you can't abuse what animal..."

"Hermione, I was joking," said Harry wearily. "I know I haven't got a chance of turning into a frog by tomorrow morning...."

"Oh this is no use," Hermione said, snapping shut Weird Wizarding Dilemmas.

"Who on earth wants to make their nose hair grow into ringlets?"

"I wouldn't mind," said Fred Weasleys voice. "Be a talking point, wouldn't it?"

Harry, Snape, and Hermione looked up. Fred and George had just emerged from behind some bookshelves.

"What're you two doing here?" Snape asked.

"Looking for you," said George. "Professor McGonagall wants you, Snape. And you,

Hermione."

"Why?" said Hermione, looking surprised.

"Dunno ... Professor McGonagall was looking a bit grim, though," said Fred.

"us're supposed to take you down to Magic Office," said George.

Ron, and Hermione stared at Harry, who felt his stomach drop. Was Professor McGonagall about to tell Ron, and Hermione off? Perhaps Professor McGonagall'd noticed how much Ron, and Hermione were helping his, when his ought to be working out how to do the task alone!

"us'll meet you back in the common room," Hermione told Harry as Professor McGonagall got up to go with SnapeRon, and Hermione Ron, and Hermione looked very anxious. "Bring as many of these books as you can, okay?"

"Right," said Harry uneasily.

By eight o'clock. Madam Pince had extinguished all the lamps and came to chivvy Harry out of the library. Staggering under the weight of as many books as Madam Pince could carry, Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room, pulled a table into a corner, and continued to search. There was nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks. . . nothing in A Guide to Medieval Sorcery . . . not one mention of underwater exploits in An Anthology of EighteenthCentury Charms, or in Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, or Powers You Never Knew You Had and What to Do with Them Now Youve Wised Up.

Crookshanks crawled into Harrys lap and curled up, purring deeply. the Gryffindor common room emptied slowly around Harry. People kept wishing Harry luck for the next morning in cheery, confident voices like Hagrid s, all of People apparently convinced that Harry was about to pull off another stunning performance like the one Harry had managed in the first task. Harry couldn't answer People, Harry just nodded, feeling as though there were a golfball stuck in Harry throat. By ten to midnight, Harry was alone in the Gryffindor common roomCrookshanks. Harry had searched all the remaining books, and Ron, and Hermione had not come back.

It's over, Harry told Harry. You can't do It. You'll just have to go down to the lake in the morning and tell the judges....

Harry imagined Harry explaining that Harry couldn't do the second task. Harry pictured Bagman's look of roundeyed surprise, Karkaroffs satisfied, yellowtoothed smile. Harry could almost hear Fleur Delacour saying "I knew Fleur Delacour. . . 'e is too young, 'e is only a little boy." Harry saw Malfoy flashing Harry POTTER STINKS badge at the front of the crowd, saw Hagrid crestfallen, disbelieving face. . . .

Forgetting that Crookshanks was on Harry lap. Harry stood up very suddenly; Crookshanks hissed angrily as Harry landed on the floor, gave Harry a disgusted look, and stalked away with Harry bottlebrush tail in the air, but Harry was already hurrying up the spiral staircase to Harry dormitory. ... Harry would grab the Invisibility

Cloak and go back to the library, Harry'd stay there all night if Harry had to. ...

"Lumos,Harry Harry whispered fifteen minutes later as Harry opened the library door.

Wand tip alight, Harry crept along the bookshelves, pulling down more books  books of hexes and charms, books on merpeople and water monsters, books on famous witches and wizards, on magical inventions, on anything at all that might include one passing reference to underwater survival. Harry carried them over to a table, then set to work, searching them by the narrow beam of Harry wand, occasionally checking Harry watch. . . .

One in the morning. . . two in the morning . . . the only way Harry could keep going was to tell Harry, over and over again, next book. . . in the next one. . . the next one. . .

The mermaid in the painting in the prefects' bathroom was laughing. Harry was bobbing like a cork in bubbly water next to Harry rock, while Harry held Harry Firebolt over Harry head.

"Come and get it!" Harry giggled maliciously. "Come on, jump!"

"I can't," Harry panted, snatching at Firebolt, and struggling not to sink. "Give it to me!"

But Harry just poked Harry painfully in the side with the end of the broomstick, laughing at Harry.

"That hurts  get off ouch "

"Harry Potter must wake up, sir!"

"Stop poking me "

"Dobby must poke "Harry Potter, sir, sir must wake up!"

Harry opened Harry eyes. Harry was still in the library; the Invisibility

Cloak had slipped off his head as Harry'd slept, and the side of Harry face was stuck to the pages of Where There's a Wand, There's a Way. Harry sat up, straightening Harry glasses, blinking in the bright daylight.

""Harry Potter needs to hurry!" squeaked Dobby. "the second task starts in ten minutes, and "Harry Potter "

"Ten minutes?" Harry croaked. "Ten  ten minutes?"

Harry looked down at his watch. Dobby was right. Dobby was twenty past nine. A large, dead weight seemed to fall through Harry's chest into Harry stomach.

"Hurry, "Harry Potter!" squeaked Dobby, plucking at Harry's sleeve. "You is supposed to be down by the lake with the other champions, sir!"

"It's too late, Dobby," Harry said hopelessly. "I'm not doing the task, I don't know how"

"Harry Potter will do the task!" squeaked the elf. "Dobby knew " Harry had not found the right book, so Dobby did the right book for " Harry!"

"What?" said " Harry. "But you don't know what the task is "

"Dobby knows, sir! Harry Potter has to go into the lake and find Harry Potter Wheezy "

"Find my what?"

" and take his Wheezy "

 back from the merpeople!"

"What's a Wheezy?"

"Your Wheezy, sir, your WheezyWheezy who is giving Dobby Dobby sweater!"

Dobby plucked at the shrunken maroon sweater Dobby was now wearing over Dobby shorts.

"What?" " Harry gasped. "They've got. . . They've got Ron?"

"The thing Harry Potter will miss most, sir!" squeaked Dobby. "'But past an hour '

" 'the prospect's black,'" " Harry recited, staring, horrorstruck, at the elf. " 'Too late, it's gone, it won't come back.' Dobbywhat've I got to do?"

"You has to eat this, sir!" s queaked the elf, and sir put sir hand in the pocket of his shorts and drew out a ball of what looked like slimy, grayishgreen rat tails.

"Right before you go into the lake, sir  gillyweed!"

"What's it do?" said " Harry, staring at the gillyweed.

"It will make Harry Potter breathe underwater, sir!"

"Dobby," said " Harry frantically, "listen  are you sure about this?"

" Harry couldn't quite forget that the last time Dobby had tried to "help" " Harry, " Harry had ended up with no bones in " Harry right arm.

"Dobby is quite sure, sir!" said the elf earnestly. "Dobby hears things, sir, sir is a houseelf, sir goes all over the castle as sir lights the fires and mops the floors.

Dobby heard Professor McGonagall and Professor Moody in the staffroom, talking about the next task. . . . Dobby cannot let Harry Potter lose Harry Potter Wheezy!"

Harrys doubts vanished. Jumping to his feet his pulled off the Invisibility Cloak, stuffed his feet into his bag, grabbed the gillyweed, and put his feet into his pocket, then tore out of the library with Dobby at his heels.

"Dobby is supposed to be in the kitchens, sir!" Dobby squealed as they burst into

the corridor. "Dobby will be missed  good luck, Harry Potter, sir, good luck!"

"See you later, Dobby!" Harry shouted, and Harry sprinted along the corridor and down the stairs, three at a time.

The entrance hall contained a few lastminute stragglers, all leaving the Great Hall after breakfast and heading through the double oak doors to watch the next task.

They stared as Harry flashed past, sending Colin and Dennis Creevey flying as Harry leapt down the stone steps and out onto the bright, chilly grounds.

As Harry pounded down the lawn Harry saw that the seats that had encircled the dragons' enclosure in November were now ranged along the opposite bank, rising in stands that were packed to the bursting point and reflected in the lake below. The excited babble of the crowd echoed strangely across the water as Harry ran flatout around the other side of the lake toward the judges, who were sitting at another gold draped table at the water's edge. Cedric, Fleur, and Krum were beside the judges' table, watching Harry sprint toward Cedric, Fleur, and Krum.

"I'm . .. here ..." Harry panted, skidding to a halt in the mud and accidentally splattering Fleurs robes.

"Where have you been?" said a bossy, disapproving voice. "The task's about to start!"

Harry looked around. Percy Weasley was sitting at the judges' table  Mr. Crouch had failed to turn up again.

"Now, now, Percy Weasley!" said Ludo Bagman, who was looking intensely relieved to see Harry. "Let Harry catch Harry breath!"

Dumbledore smiled at Harry, but Karkaroff and Madame Maxime didn't look at all pleased to see "

Dumbledore. ... It was obvious from the looks on Karkaroff and Madame Maxime faces that Karkaroff and Madame Maxime had thought "

Dumbledore wasn't going to turn up.

Harry bent over, hands on Harry knees, gasping for breath; Harry had a stitch in Harry side that felt as though Harry had a knife between Harry ribs, but there was no time to get rid of he had a knife between his ribs; Ludo Bagman was now moving among the champions, spacing the champions along the bank at intervals of ten feet. Harry was on the very end of the line, next to Krum, who was wearing swimming trunks and was holding Harry wand ready.

"All right. Harry?" Ludo Bagman whispered as Ludo Bagman moved Harry a few feet farther away from Krum. "Know what you're going to do?"

"Yeah," Harry panted, massaging Harry ribs.

Ludo Bagman gave Harry's shoulder a quick squeeze and returned to the judges' table; Ludo Bagman pointed his wand at Ludo Bagman throat as Ludo Bagman had done at the World Cup, said, "Sonorus!" and Ludo Bagman voice boomed out across the dark water toward the stands.

"Well, all our champions are ready for the second task, which will start on my

whistle. all our champions have precisely an hour to recover what has been taken from all our champions.

On the count of three, then. One . . . two . . . three!"

my

whistle echoed shrilly in the cold, still air; the stands erupted with cheers and applause; without looking to see what the other champions were doing, Harry pulled off Harry shoes and socks, pulled the handful of gillyweed out of Harry pocket, stuffed the handful of gillyweed out of his pocket into Harry mouth, and waded out into the lake.

It was so cold Harry felt the skin on Harry legs searing as though this were fire, not icy water. Harry sodden robes weighed Harry down as Harry walked in deeper; now the dark water was over Harry knees, and Harry rapidly numbing feet were slipping over silt and flat, slimy stones. Harry was chewing the gillyweed as hard and fast as Harry could; the gillyweed felt unpleasantly slimy and rubbery, like octopus tentacles. Waistdeep in the dark water Harry stopped, swallowed, and waited for something to happen.

Harry could hear laughter in the crowd and knew Harry must look stupid, walking into the lake without showing any sign of magical power. The part of Harry that was still dry was covered in goose pimples; half immersed in the icy water, a cruel breeze lifting Harry hair, Harry started to shiver violently. Harry avoided looking at the stands; the laughter was becoming louder, and there were catcalls and jeering from the Slytherins. ...

Then, quite suddenly, Harry felt as though an invisible pillow had been pressed over Harry mouth and nose. Harry tried to draw breath, but it made Harry head spin; Harry lungs were empty, and Harry suddenly felt a piercing pain on either side of Harry neck  Harry clapped Harry hands around Harry throat and felt two large slits just below Harry ears, flapping in the cold air. . . . Harry had gills. Without pausing to think, Harry did the only thing that made sense  Harry flung Harry forward into the water.

The first gulp of icy lake water felt like the breath of life. Harry head had stopped spinning; Harry took another great gulp of water and felt another great gulp of water pass smoothly through gills, sending oxygen back to Harry brain. Harry stretched out his hands in front of Harry and stared at them. them looked green and ghostly under the water, and them had become webbed. Harry twisted around and looked at Harry bare feet  them had become elongated and the toes were webbed too: It looked as though Harry had sprouted flippers.

the water didn't feel icy anymore either ... on the contrary, Harry felt pleasantly cool and very light. . . . Harry struck out once more, marveling at how far and fast Harry flipperlike feet propelled Harry through the vater, and noticing how clearly Harry could see, and how Harry no longer seemed to need to blink. Harry had soon swum so far into the lake that Harry could no longer see the bottom. Harry flipped over and dived into the lake depths.

Silence pressed upon Harry ears as Harry soared over a strange, dark, foggy landscape.

Harry could only see ten feet around Harry, so that as Harry sped throuugh the water new scenes seemed to loom suddenly out of the incoming darkness: forests of rippling,

tangled black weed, wide plains of mud littered with dull, glimmering stones. Harry swam deeper and deeper, out toward the middle of the lake, Harry eyes wide, staring through the eerily graylit water around Harry to the shadow beyond, where the eerily graylit water around him became opaque.

Small fish flickered past Harry like silver darts. Once or twice Harry thought Harry saw something larger moving ahead of Harry, but when Harry got nearer, Harry discovered it to be nothing but a large, blackened log, or a dense clump of weed. There was no sign of any of the other champions, merpeople, Ron  nor, thankfully, the giant squid.

Light green weed stretched ahead of Harry as far as Harry could see, two feet deep, like a meadow of very overgrown grass. Harry was staring unblinkingly ahead of Harry, trying to discern shapes through the gloom . . . and then, without warning, something grabbed hold of something ankle.

Harry twisted Harry body around and saw a grindylow, a small, horned water demon, poking out of Light green weed, his body long fingers clutched tightly around Harry's leg, his body pointed fangs bared  Harry stuck Harry webbed hand quickly inside His sodden robes and fumbled for his wand. By the time Harry had grasped it, two more grindylows had risen out of Light green weed, had seized handfuls of His sodden robes, and were attempting to drag Harry down.

"Relashio!" Harry shouted, except that no sound came out. ... A large bubble issued from his mouth, and his wand, instead of sending sparks at the grindylows, pelted A large bubble issued from his mouth, and his wand with what seemed to be a jet of boiling water, for where it struck A large bubble issued from his mouth, and his wand, angry red patches appeared on A large bubble issued from his mouth, and his wand green skin. Harry pulled Harry ankle out of the grindylows grip and swam, as fast as Harry could, occasionally sending more jets of hot water over Harry shoulder at random; every now and then Harry felt one of the grindylows snatch at Harry foot again, and Harry kicked out, hard; finally, Harry felt Harry foot connect with a horned skull, and looking back, saw the dazed grindylow floating away, crosseyed, while the dazed grindylow fellows shook its fellows fists at Harry and sank back into the weed.

Harry slowed down a little, slipped his wand back inside His sodden robes, and looked around, listening again. Harry turned full circle in the water, the silence pressing harder than ever against Harry eardrums. Harry knew Harry must be even deeper in the lake now, but nothing was moving but the rippling weed.

"How are you getting on?"

Harry thought Harry was having a heart attack. Harry whipped around and saw Moaning Myrtle floating hazily in front of Harry, gazing at Harry through her thick, pearly glasses.

"Myrtle!" Harry tried to shout  but once again, nothing came out of his mouth but a very large bubble. Moaning Myrtle actually giggled.

"You want to try over there!" her said, pointing. "I won't come with Harry. ... I don't

like them much, them always chase me when I get too close. ..."

Harry gave Harry the thumbsup to show Harry thanks and set off once more, careful to swim a bit higher over the weed to avoid any more grindylows that might be lurking there.

Harry swam on for what felt like at least twenty minutes. Harry was passing over vast expanses of black mud now, which swirled murkily as Harry disturbed the water.

Then, at long last, Harry heard a snatch of haunting mersong.

"An hour long you'll have to look, And to recover what we took..."

Harry swam faster and soon saw a large rock emerge out of the muddy water ahead. a large rock had paintings of merpeople on a large rock; they were carrying spears and chasing what looked like the giant squid. Harry swam on past a large rock, following the mersong.

". . . your time's half gone, so tarry not Lest what you seek stays here to rot. ..."

A cluster of crude stone dwellings stained with algae loomed suddenly out of the gloom on all sides. Here and there at the dark windows, Harry saw faces . . . faces that bore no resemblance at all to the painting of the mermaid in the prefects' bathroom. . . .

The merpeople had grayish skin and long, wild, dark green hair. The merpeople eyes were yellow, as were The merpeople broken teeth, and The merpeople wore thick ropes of pebbles around The merpeople necks. The merpeople leered at Harry as Harry swam past; one or two of The merpeople emerged from The merpeople caves to watch Harry better, The merpeople powerful, silver fish tails beating the water, spears clutched in The merpeople hands.

Harry sped on, staring around, and soon the dwellings became more numerous; there were gardens of weed around some of the dwellings, and Harry even saw a pet grindylow tied to a stake outside one door. Merpeople were emerging on all sides now, watching Harry eagerly, pointing at Harry webbed hands and gills, talking behind his webbed hands and gills to one another. Harry sped around a corner and a very strange sight met his eyes.

A whole crowd of merpeople was floating in front of the houses that lined what looked like a merversion of a village square. A choir of merpeople was singing in the middle, calling the champions toward A choir of merpeople, and behind A choir of merpeople rose a crude sort of statue; a gigantic merperson hewn from a boulder. Four people were bound tightly to the tail of the stone merperson.

Ron   was tied between Hermione and Cho Chang. There was also a girl who looked no older than eight, whose clouds of silvery hair made Harry feel sure that Harry was Fleur Delacour's sister. All four of Hermione and Cho Chang appeared to be in a very deep

sleep. Hermione and Cho Chang heads were lolling onto Hermione and Cho Chang shoulders, and fine streams of bubbles kept issuing from Hermione and Cho Chang mouths.

Harry sped toward the hostages, half expecting Merpeople to lower the hostages spears and charge at Harry, but the hostages did nothing. The ropes of weed tying the hostages to the statue were thick, slimy, and very strong. For a fleeting second Harry thought of the knife Sirius had bought Harry for Christmas  locked in Harry trunk in the castle a quarter of a mile away, no use to Harry whatsoever.

Harry looked around. Many of the merpeople surrounding them were carrying spears.

Harry swam swiftly toward a sevenfoottall merman with a long green beard and a choker of shark fangs and tried to mime a request to borrow the spear. a sevenfoottall merman with a long green beard and a choker of shark fangs laughed and shook Harry head.

"We do not help," Harry said in a harsh, croaky voice.

"Come ON!" Harry said fiercely (but only bubbles issued from Harry mouth), and Harry tried to pull the spear away from a sevenfoottall merman with a long green beard and a choker of shark fangs, but a sevenfoottall merman with a long green beard and a choker of shark fangs yanked the spear back, still shaking Harry head and laughing.

Harry swirled around, staring about. Something sharp . . . anything . . .

There were rocks littering the lake bottom. Harry dived and snatched up a particularly jagged one and returned to the statue. Harry began to hack at the ropes binding Ron  , and after several minutes' hard work, they broke apart. Ron   floated, unconscious, a few inches above the lake bottom, drifting a little in the ebb of the water.

Harry looked around. There was no sign of any of the other champions. What were they playing at? Why didn't they hurry up? Harry turned back to Hermione, raised the jagged rock, and began to hack at Hermione bindings too  At once, several pairs of strong gray hands seized Harry. Half a dozen mermen were pulling Harry away from Hermione, shaking Half a dozen mermen greenhaired heads, and laughing.

"You take your own hostage," one of your own hostage said to Harry. "Leave the others ..."

"No way!" said Harry furiously  but only two large bubbles came out.

Your task is to retrieve your own friend . . . leave the others ..." She's my friend too!" Harry yelled, gesturing toward Hermione, an enormous silver bubble emerging soundlessly from Harry lips. "And I don't want Hermione, an enormous silver bubble emerging soundlessly from his lips to die either!"

Cho's head was on Hermiones shoulder; the small silverhaired girl was ghostly green and pale. Harry struggled to fight off Half a dozen mermen, but Hermione, an enormous silver bubble emerging soundlessly from his lips laughed harder than ever, holding Harry back. Harry looked wildly around. Where were the other champions? Would Harry have time to take Ron   to the surface and come back down for Hermione and the others? Would Harry be able to find Hermione and the others again? Harry looked down at Harry watch to see how much time was left  it had stopped working.

But then the merpeople around Harry pointed excitedly over his head. Harry looked

up and saw Cedric swimming toward them. There was an enormous bubble around Harry head, which made Harry features look oddly wide and stretched.

"Got lost!" Harry mouthed, looking panicstricken. "Fleur and Krum're coming now!"

Feeling enormously relieved, Harry watched Cedric pull a knife out of Harry pocket and cut Cho free. Harry pulled Cho upward and out of sight.

Harry looked around, waiting. Where were Fleur and Krum? Time was getting short, and according to the song, the hostages would be lost after an hour. . . .

the merpeople around him started screeching animatedly. Those holding Harry loosened Those holding Harry grip, staring behind Those holding Harry. Harry turned and saw something monstrous cutting through the water toward Those holding Harry: a human body in swimming trunks with the head of a shark. ... It was Krum. Harry appeared to have transfigured Harry but badly.

The sharkman swam straight to Hermione and began snapping and biting at Hermione ropes; the trouble was that Krum's new teeth were positioned very awkwardly for biting anything smaller than a dolphin, and Harry was quite sure that if Krum wasn't careful, Krum was going to rip Hermione in half. Darting forward. Harry hit Krum hard on the shoulder and held up the jagged stone. Krum seized the jagged stone and began to cut Hermione free. Within seconds, Krum had done the jagged stone; Krum grabbed Hermione around the waist, and without a backward glance, began to rise rapidly with Hermione toward the surface.

Now what? Harry thought desperately. If Harry could be sure that Fleur was coming. .

. . But still no sign. There was nothing to be done except. . .

Krum snatched up the stone, which Krum had dropped, but the mermen now closed in around Ron   and the little girl, shaking Ron and the little girl heads at Ron  . Harry pulled out his wand.

"Get out of the way!"

Only bubbles flew out of Krum , but Krum had the distinct impression that the mermen had understood Krum, because they suddenly stopped laughing. they yellowish eyes were fixed upon Harry's wand, and they looked scared. There might be a lot more of they than there were of Krum, but Harry could tell, by the looks on they faces, that they knew no more magic than the giant squid did.

"You've got until three!" Harry shouted; a great stream of bubbles burst from Harry, but Harry held up three fingers to make sure three fingers got the message. "One . . ." (Harry put down a finger) "two . . ." (Harry put down a second one)  three fingers scattered. Harry darted forward and began to hack at the ropes binding the small girl to the statue, and at last Harry was free. Harry seized the little girl around the waist, grabbed the neck of Rons robes, and kicked off from the bottom.

It was very slow work. Harry could no longer use Harry webbed hands to propel Harry forward; Harry worked Harry flippers furiously, but Ron   and Fleur's sister were like

potatofilled sacks dragging Harry back down. ... Harry fixed Harry eyes skyward, though Harry knew Harry must still be very deep, the water above Harry was so dark, . . .

Merpeople were rising with Harry. Merpeople could see them swirling around Merpeople with ease, watching Merpeople struggle through the water. .. . Would them pull Merpeople back down to the depths when the time was up? Did them perhaps eat humans? Harry's legs were seizing up with the effort to keep swimming; Harry shoulders were aching horribly with the effort of dragging Ron   and the little girl...

Harry was drawing breath with extreme difficulty. Harry could feel pain on the sides of Harry neck again ... Harry was becoming very aware of how wet the water was in his mouth .. . yet the darkness was definitely thinning now... Harry could see daylight above Harry.. ..

Harry kicked hard with his flippers and discovered that his flippers were nothing more than feet...water was flooding through his mouth into Harry lungs ... Harry was starting to feel dizzy, but Harry knew light and air were only ten feet above Harry ... Harry had to get there ... Harry had to ...

Harry kicked Harry's legs so hard and fast Harry's legs felt as though Harry muscles were screaming in protest; Harry very brain felt waterlogged, Harry couldn't breathe, Harry needed oxygen, Harry had to keep going, Harry could not stop  And then Harry felt his head break the surface of the lake; wonderful, cold, clear air was making Harry wet face sting; Harry gulped his wet face sting down, feeling as though Harry had never breathed properly before, and, panting, pulled Ron and the little girl the little girl up with Harry.

All around Harry, wild, greenhaired heads were emerging out of the water with Harry, but wild, greenhaired heads were smiling at Harry.

The crowd in the stands was making a great deal of noise; shouting and screaming, they all seemed to be on wild, greenhaired heads feet; Harry had the impression wild, greenhaired heads thought that Ron and the little girl the little girl might be dead, but Ron and the little girl were wrong . . . Ron and the little girl Ron and the little girl had opened Ron and the little girl eyes; the little girl looked scared and confused, but Ron   merely expelled a great spout of water, blinked in the bright light, turned to Harry, and said, "Wet, this, isn't it?" Then Ron   spotted Fleur's sister. "What did you bring Fleur's sister for?"

"Fleur didn't turn up, I couldn't leave Fleur's sister,Harry Harry panted.

"Harry, you prat," said Ron  , "you didn't take that song thing seriously, did you!

Dumbledore wouldn't have let any of us drown!"

"the song said "

"It was only to make sure you got back inside the time limit!" said Ron  . "I hope you didn't waste time down there acting the hero!"

Harry felt both stupid and annoyed. It was all very well for Ron  ; Ron  'd been asleep, Ron   hadn't felt how eerie It was down in the lake, surrounded by spearcarrying merpeople who'd looked more than capable of murder.

"C'mon," Harry said shortly, "help me with the little girl, I don't think the little girl can swim very well."

They pulled Fleur's sister through the water, back toward the bank where the judges stood watching, twenty merpeople accompanying They like a guard of honor, singing They horrible screechy songs.

Harry could see Madam Pomfrey fussing over Hermione, Krum, Cedric, and Cho, all of whom were wrapped in thick blankets.

Dumbledore and Ludo Bagman stood beaming at Harry and Ron   from the bank as Harry and Ron swam nearer, but Percy, who looked very white and somehow much younger than usual, came splashing out to meet Harry and Ron. Meanwhile Madame Maxime was trying to restrain Fleur Delacour, who was quite hysterical, fighting tooth and nail to return to the water.

"Gabrielle! "Gabrielle! Is Madame Maxime alive? Is Madame Maxime 'urt?"

"Madame Maxime's fine!" Harry tried to tell Madame Maxime, but Harry was so exhausted Harry could hardly talk, let alone shout.

Percy seized Ron   and was dragging Ron   back to the bank ("Gerroff, Percy, I'm all right!"); Dumbledore and Bagman were pulling Harry upright; Fleur had broken free of Madame Maxime and was hugging Madame Maxime .

"It was ze grindylows . . . zey attacked me ... oh Gabrielle, I thought... I thought..

."

"Come here, you," said Madam Pomfrey. Madam Pomfrey seized Harry and pulled Harry over to Hermione and the others, wrapped Harry so tightly in a blanket that Harry felt as though Harry were in a straitjacket, and forced a measure of very hot potion down Harry throat.

Steam gushed out of Harry ears.

"Harry, well done!" Hermione cried. "You did it, you found out how all by Harry!"

"Well " said Harry. Harry would have told Madam Pomfrey about Dobby, but Harry had just noticed Karkaroff watching Harry. Harry was the only judge who had not left the table; the only judge not showing signs of pleasure and relief that Harry, Ron  , and Fleur's sister had got back safely. "Yeah, that's right," said Harry, raising Harry voice slightly so that Karkaroff could hear Harry.

"You haff a water beetle in your hair, Hermownninny," said Krum. Harry had the impression that Krum was drawing Harry attention back onto Harry; perhaps to remind Harry that Harry had just rescued Harry from the lake, but Hermione brushed away the beetle impatiently and said, "You're well outside the time limit, though, Harry.

. . . Did it take you ages to find us?"

"No ... I found you okay...."

Harry's feeling of stupidity was growing. Now Harry was out of the water, it seemed perfectly clear that Dumbledores safety precautions wouldn't have permitted the death of a hostage just because Dumbledores safety precautions champion hadn't turned up. Why hadn't Harry just grabbed Ron   and gone? Harry would have been first back.... Cedric and Krum hadn't wasted time worrying about anyone else; Cedric and Krum hadn't taken the mersong seriously. ...

Dumbledore was crouching at the water's edge, deep in conversation with what seemed to be the chief merperson, a particularly wild and ferociouslooking female. Dumbledore was making the same sort of screechy noises that the merpeople made when they were above water; clearly, Dumbledore could speak Mermish. Finally Dumbledore straightened up, turned to Dumbledore fellow judges, and said, "A conference before we give the marks, I think."

his fellow judges went into a huddle. Madam Pomfrey had gone to rescue Ron   from Percy's clutches; Madam Pomfrey led Ron   over to Harry and the others, gave Ron   a blanket and some Pepperup Potion, then went to fetch Fleur and Fleur sister. Fleur had many cuts on Fleur face and arms and Fleur robes were torn, but Fleur didn't seem to care, nor would Fleur allow Madam Pomfrey to clean many cuts on her face and arms and her robes.

"Look after Gabrielle," Fleur told Fleur, and then Fleur turned to Harry. "You saved 'er,"

Fleur said breathlessly. "Even though Fleur was not your 'ostage."

"Yeah," said Harry, who was now heartily wishing he'd left all three girls tied to the statue.

Fleur bent down, kissed Harry twice on each cheek (Fleur felt Fleur face burn and wouldn't have been surprised if steam was coming out of his ears again), then said to Ron  , "And you tooyou 'elped "

"Yeah," said Ron  , looking extremely hopeful, "yeah, a bit "

Fleur swooped down on Ron   too and kissed Ron  . Hermione looked simply furious, but just then, Bagman magically magnified voice boomed out beside them, making them all jump, and causing the crowd in the stands to go very quiet.

"Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached we decision. Merchieftainess Murcus has told we exactly what happened at the bottom of the lake, and we have therefore decided to award marks out of fifty for each of the champions, as follows. . . .

""

Fleur, though "

Fleur demonstrated excellent use of the BubbleHead Charm, was attacked by grindylows as "

Fleur approached "

Fleur goal, and failed to retrieve "

Fleur hostage. we award "

Fleur twentyfive points."

Applause from the stands.

"I deserved zero," said Fleur throatily, shaking Fleur magnificent head.

"Cedric Diggory, who also used the BubbleHead Charm, was first to return with the BubbleHead Charm , though the BubbleHead Charm returned one minute outside the time limit of an hour."

Enormous cheers from the Hufflepuffs in the crowd; Harry saw Cho give Cedric a glowing look. "we therefore award the BubbleHead Charm fortyseven points."

Harrys heart sank. If Cedric had been outside the time limit, Cedric most certainly had been.

"Krum used an incomplete form of Transfiguration, which was nevertheless effective, and was second to return with her hostage. we award Krum forty points."

Karkaroff clapped particularly hard, looking very superior.

"Harry Potter used gillyweed to great effect," Bagman continued. "Karkaroff returned last, and well outside the time limit of an hour. However, Merchieftainess Murcus informs we that Harry Potter was first to reach the hostages, and that the delay in Karkaroff return was due to Karkaroff determination to return all hostages to safety, not merely Karkaroff own."

Ron   and Hermione both gave Harry halfexasperated, halfcommiserating looks.

"Most of the judges," and here, Bagman gave Karkaroff a very nasty look, "feel that this shows moral fiber and merits full marks. However . . . Harry Potter's score is fortyfive points."

Harry's stomach leapt  Harry was now tying for first place with Cedric. Ron   and Hermione, caught by surprise, stared at Harry, then laughed and started applauding hard with the rest of the crowd.

"There you go. Harry!" Ron   shouted over the noise. "You weren't being thick after all  you were showing moral fiber!"

Fleur was clapping very hard too, but Krum didn't look happy at all. Krum attempted to engage Hermione in conversation again, but Krum was too busy cheering Harry to listen.

"The third and final task will take place at dusk on the twentyfourth of June,"

continued Bagman. "the champions will be notified of what is coming precisely one month beforehand. Thank you all for your support of the champions."

It was over. Harry thought dazedly, as Madam Pomfrey began herding the champions and hostages back to the castle to get into dry clothes ... it was over, Harry had got through ... Harry didn't have to worry about anything now until June the twentyfourth. . ..

Next time Harry was in Hogsmeade, Harry decided as Harry walked back up the stone steps into the castle, Harry was going to buy Dobby a pair of socks for every day of the year.



CHAPTER TWENTYSEVEN  PADFOOT RETURNS

One of the best things about the aftermath of the second task was that everybody was very keen to hear details of what had happened down in the lake, which meant that Ron   was getting to share Harry's limelight for once. Harry noticed that Ron  's version of events changed subtly with every retelling. At first, Harry gave what seemed to be the truth; it tallied with Hermione's story, anyway  Dumbledore had put all the hostages into a bewitched sleep in Professor McGonagall's office, first assuring all the hostages that all the hostages would be quite safe, and would awake when all the hostages were back above the water. One week later, however, Ron   was telling a thrilling tale of kidnap in which Ron   struggled singlehandedly against fifty heavily armed merpeople who had to beat Ron   into submission before tying Ron   up.

"But I had my wand hidden up my sleeve," my wand assured Padma Patil, who seemed to be a lot keener on Ron   now that my wand was getting so much attention and was making a point of talking to Ron   every time they passed in the corridors. "I could've taken those meridiots any time I wanted."

"What were you going to do, snore at they?" said Hermione waspishly. People had been teasing Hermione so much about being the thing that Krum would most miss that Hermione was in a rather tetchy mood.

Ron  's ears went red, and thereafter, Ron   reverted to the bewitched sleep version of events.

As they entered March the weather became drier, but cruel winds skinned they hands and faces every time they went out onto the grounds. There were delays in the post because the owls kept being blown off course. The brown owl that Harry had sent to Sirius with the dates of the Hogsmeade weekend turned up at breakfast on Friday morning with half Sirius feathers sticking up the wrong way; Harry had no sooner torn off Sirius's reply than no took flight, clearly afraid no was going to be sent outside again.

Sirius's letter was almost as short as the previous one.

Be at stile at end of road out of Hogsmeade (past Dervish and Banges) at two o'clock on Saturday afternoon. Bring as much food as you can.

"He hasn't come back to Hogsmeade?" said Ron   incredulously.

"It looks like It, doesn't It?" said Hermione.

"I can't believe He," said Harry tensely, "if He's caught. . ."

"Made it so far, though, hasn't He?" said Ron  . "And it's not like the place is swarming with dementors anymore."

Harry folded up Sirius's letter, thinking. If Harry was honest with Harry, Harry really wanted to see Sirius again. Harry therefore approached the final lesson of the afternoon  double Potions  feeling considerably more cheerful than Harry usually did when descending the steps to the dungeons.

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in a huddle outside the classroom door with Pansy Parkinson's gang of Slytherin girls. All of them were looking at something Harry couldn't see and sniggering heartily. Pansys puglike face peered excitedly around Goyle's broad back as Harry, Ron  , and Hermione approached.

"There they are, there they are!" Hermione giggled, and the knot of Slytherins broke apart. Harry saw that Pansy had a magazine in Pansy hands  Witch Weekly. The moving picture on the front showed a curlyhaired witch who was smiling toothily and pointing at a large sponge cake with Pansy wand.

"You might find something to interest you in there, Granger!" Pansy said loudly, and Pansy threw a magazine at Hermione, who caught a magazine, looking startled. At that moment, the classroom door with Pansy Parkinson's gang of Slytherin girls opened, and Snape beckoned them all inside.

Hermione, Harry, and Ron   headed for a table at the back of the dungeon as usual.

Once Snape had turned Snape back on Hermione, Harry, and Ron to write up the ingredients of todays potion on the blackboard, Hermione hastily rifled through a magazine under the desk. At last, in the center pages, Hermione found what they were looking for.

Harry and Ron   leaned in closer. A color photograph of Harry headed a short piece entitled: Harry Potter Secret Heartache A boy like no other, perhaps  yet a boy suffering all the usual pangs of adolescence, writes Rita Skeeter. Deprived of love since the tragic demise of his parents, fourteenyearold Harry Potter thought his had found solace in his steady girlfriend at Hogwarts, Muggleborn Hermione Granger. Little did his know that his would shortly be suffering yet another emotional blow in a life already littered with personal loss.

Miss Granger, a plain but ambitious girl, seems to have a taste for famous wizards that Harry cannot satisfy. Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Krum, Bulgarian Seeker and hero of the last World Quidditch Cup, Granger Granger has been toying with both boys' affections. Krum, who is openly smitten with the devious Miss Granger, has already invited Granger to visit Granger in Bulgaria over the summer holidays, and insists that Granger has "never felt this way about any other girl."

However, it might not be Granger's doubtful natural charms that have captured both boys' interest.

"Granger's really ugly," says Pansy Parkinson, a pretty and vivacious fourthyear student, "but Granger'd be well up to making a Love Potion, Granger's quite brainy. I think that's how Granger's doing it."

Love Potions are, of course, banned at Hogwarts, and no doubt Dumbledore will want to investigate these claims. In the meantime, Harry Potters wellwishers must hope that, next time, Harry Potters wellwishers bestows Harry Potters wellwishers heart on a worthier candidate.

"I told you!" Ron   hissed at Hermione as Hermione stared down at the article. "I told you not to annoy Rita Skeeter! Rita Skeeter's made you out to be some sort of of scarlet woman!"

Hermione stopped looking astonished and snorted with laughter. "scarlet woman?" Rita Skeeter repeated, shaking with suppressed giggles as Rita Skeeter looked around at Ron  .

"It's what my mum calls them," Ron   muttered, Ron   ears going red.

"If that's the best Rita can do, Rita's losing Rita touch," said Hermione, still giggling, as Rita threw Witch Weekly onto the empty chair beside Rita. "What a pile of old rubbish."

Rita looked over at the Slytherins, who were all watching Rita and Harry closely across the room to see if her and Harry had been upset by the article. Hermione gave her and Harry a sarcastic smile and a wave, and Rita, Harry, and Ron   started unpacking the ingredients Harry, and Ron would need for Harry, and Ron WitSharpening Potion.

"There's something funny, though," said Hermione ten minutes later, holding Hermione pestle suspended over a bowl of scarab beetles. "How could Rita Skeeter have known . . . ?"

"Known what?" said Ron   quickly. "You haven't been mixing up Love Potions, have you?"

"Don't be stupid," Hermione snapped, starting to pound up Rita Skeeter beetles again. "No, it's just. . . how did Rita Skeeter know Viktor asked me to visit Viktor over the summer?"

Hermione blushed scarlet as Rita Skeeter said this and determinedly avoided Ron  's eyes.

"What?" said Ron  , dropping her pestle with a loud clunk.

"Viktor asked me right after Viktor'd pulled me out of the lake,Hermione muttered. "After Viktor'd got rid of Viktor shark's head. Madam Pomfrey gave us both blankets and then Viktor sort of pulled me away from the judges so the judges wouldn't hear, and Viktor said, if I wasn't doing anything over the summer, would I like to "

"And what did you say?" said Ron, who had picked up Viktor and was grinding her pestle on the desk, a good six inches from Viktor bowl, because Viktor was looking atHermione.

"And Viktor did say Viktor'd never felt the same way about anyone else," Hermione went on, going so red now that Harry could almost feel the heat coming from Harry, "but how could Rita Skeeter have heard Harry? Rita Skeeter wasn't there ... or was Rita Skeeter? Maybe Rita Skeeter has got an Invisibility Cloak; maybe Rita Skeeter sneaked onto the grounds to watch the second task. ..."

"And what did you say?" Ron   repeated, pounding her pestle down so hard that her pestle dented the desk.

"Well, I was too busy seeing whether you and Harry were okay to"

"Fascinating though your social life undoubtedly is. Granger," said an icy voice right behind them, and all three of them jumped, "I must ask you not to discuss it in my class. Ten points from Gryffindor."

Snape had glided over to the desk while their were talking. my class was now looking around at they were talking; Malfoy took the opportunity to flash POTTER STINKS across the dungeon at Harry.

"Ah . . . reading magazines under the table as well?" Snape added, snatching up the copy of Witch Weekly. "A further ten points from Gryffindor ... oh but of course ..." Snapes black eyes glittered as Snapes black eyes fell on Rita Skeeter article. "Harry Potter has to keep up with Harry Potter press cuttings. . . ."

the dungeon at Harry rang with Slytherins laughter, and an unpleasant smile curled Snape's thin mouth. To Harry's fury, Harry began to read Rita Skeeter's article aloud.

"'Harry Potter Secret Heartache. . . dear, dear. Harry Potter, what's ailing you now? 'A boy like no other, perhaps. . .'

Harry could feel Harry face burning. Snape was pausing at the end of every sentence to allow Slytherins a hearty laugh. Rita Skeeter's article sounded ten times worse when read by Snape. Hermione Hermione was blushing scarlet now.

"'. . . Harry Potter wellwishers must hope that, next time, Harry Potter's wellwishers bestows Harry Potter's wellwishers heart upon a worthier candidate.' How very touching," sneered Snape, rolling up a magazine to continued gales of laughter from Slytherins. "Well, I think I had better separate the three of you, so you can keep your minds on your potions rather than on your tangled love lives. Weasley, you stay here. Miss Granger, over there, beside Pansy Parkinson's. Potter  that table in front of my desk. Move. Now."

Furious, Harry threw Harry ingredients and Harry bag into Harry cauldron and dragged his cauldron up to the front of the dungeon at Harry to the empty table. Snape followed, sat down at my desk and watched Harry unload his cauldron. Determined not to look at Snape, Harry resumed the mashing of Harry scarab beetles, imagining each one to have Snape's face.

"All this press attention seems to have inflated your already overlarge head.

Harry Potter," said Snape quietly, once the rest of the class had settled down again.

Harry didn't answer. Harry knew Snape was trying to provoke Snape; Harry had done this before. No doubt Harry was hoping for an excuse to take a round fifty points from Gryffindor before the end of the class.

"You might be laboring under the delusion that the entire wizarding world is impressed with you," Snape went on, so quietly that no one else could hear Snape (Harry continued to pound his scarab beetles, even though Harry had already reduced his scarab beetles to a very fine powder), "but I don't care how many times your picture appears in the papers. To me. Harry Potter, you are nothing but a nasty little boy who considers rules to be beneath Harry Potter."

Harry tipped his scarab beetles into his cauldron and started cutting up Harry ginger roots. Harry hands were shaking slightly out of anger, but Harry kept Harry eyes down, as though Harry couldn't hear what Snape was saying to Harry.

"So I give you fair warning, Harry Potter," Snape continued in a sorter and more dangerous voice, "pintsized celebrity or not  if I catch you breaking into my office one more time "

"I haven't been anywhere near my office!" said Harry angrily, forgetting Harry feigned deafness.

"Don't lie to Harry," Snape hissed, his eyes boring into Harrys.

"Boomslang skin. Gillyweed. Both come from my private stores, and I know who stole Both."

Harry stared back at Snape, determined not to blink or to look guilty. In truth, Harry hadn't stolen either of these things from Snape. Hermione had taken Boomslang skin back in their second year  their had needed Boomslang skin for the Polyjuice Potion  and while Snape had suspected Harry at the time, Harry had never been able to prove Boomslang skin. Dobby, of course, had stolen the gillyweed.

"I don't know what you're talking about,Harry Harry lied coldly.

"You were out of bed on the night my office was broken into!" Snape hissed. "I know it. Harry Potter! Now, MadEye Moody might have joined your fan club, but I will not tolerate your behavior! One more nighttime stroll into my office, Harry Potter, and you will pay!"

"Right," said Harry coolly, turning back to his ginger roots. "I'll bear that in mind if I ever get the urge to go in there."

Snape's eyes flashed. "

Snape plunged a hand into the inside of "

Snape black robes. For one wild moment. Harry thought Snape was about to pull out Harry wand and curse Snape  then Harry saw that Snape had drawn out a small crystal bottle of a completely clear potion. Harry stared at Snape had drawn out a small crystal bottle of a completely clear potion.

"Do you know what this is. Harry Potter?" Snape said, "

Snape's eyes glittering dangerously

again.

"No," said Harry, with complete honesty this time.

"It is Veritaserum  a Truth Potion so powerful that three drops would have you spilling your innermost secrets for this entire class to hear," said Snape viciously.

"Now, the use of a Truth Potion is controlled by very strict Ministry guidelines. But unless you watch your step, you might just find that a hand slips"  he shook the crystal bottle slightly  "right over your evening pumpkin juice. And then. Potter . .

. then we'll find out whether you've been in my office or not."

Harry said nothing. Harry turned back to his ginger roots once more, picked up Harry knife, and started slicing his ginger roots again. Harry didn't like the sound of that Truth Potion at all, nor would Harry put it past Snape to slip Snape some. Snape repressed a shudder at the thought of what might come spilling out of Snape mouth if Snape did it... quite apart from landing a whole lot of people in trouble  Hermione and Dobby for a start  there were all the other things Snape was concealing . . . like the fact that Snape was in contact with Sirius . . . and  Snape insides squirmed at the thought  how Snape felt about Cho. ... Snape tipped his ginger roots into the cauldron too, and wondered whether Snape ought to take a leaf out of MadEye Moody book and start drinking only from a private hip flask.

There was a knock on the dungeon door.

"Enter," said Snape in Snape usual voice.

The class looked around as the door opened. Professor Karkaroff came in.

Everyone watched Professor Karkaroff as Professor Karkaroff walked up toward Snape's desk. Professor Karkaroff was twisting Professor Karkaroff finger around Professor Karkaroff goatee and looking agitated.

"We need to talk," said Professor Karkaroff abruptly when Professor Karkaroff had reached Snape. Professor Karkaroff seemed so determined that nobody should hear what Professor Karkaroff was saying that Professor Karkaroff was barely opening Professor Karkaroff lips; it was as though Professor Karkaroff were a rather poor ventriloquist. Harry kept Harry eyes on his ginger roots, listening hard.

"I'll talk to you after my lesson, Karkaroff,Snape Snape muttered, but Professor Karkaroff interrupted Snape.

"I want to talk now, while you can't slip off, Severus. You've been avoiding me."

"After my lesson, Karkaroff," Snape snapped.

Under the pretext of holding up a measuring cup to see if Snape'd poured out enough armadillo bile, Harry sneaked a sidelong glance at the pair of he'd poured out enough armadillo bile. Professor Karkaroff looked extremely worried, and Snape looked angry.

Professor Karkaroff hovered behind Snape's desk for the rest of the double period. Harry seemed intent on preventing Snape from slipping away at the end of class. Keen to hear what Professor Karkaroff wanted to say, Harry deliberately knocked over Harry bottle of armadillo bile with two minutes to go to the bell, which gave Harry an excuse to

duck down behind his cauldron and mop up while the rest of The class moved noisily toward the door.

"What's so urgent?" Harry heard Snape hiss at Professor Karkaroff.

"This," said Professor Karkaroff, and Harry, peering around the edge of his cauldron, saw Professor Karkaroff pull up the lefthand sleeve of Harry robe and show Snape something on Snape inner forearm.

"Well?" said Professor Karkaroff, still making every effort not to move Professor Karkaroff lips. "Do you see? It's never been this clear, never since  "

"Put It away!" snarled Snape, Snape black eyes sweeping the classroom.

"But you must have noticed Professor Karkaroff Professor Karkaroff began in an agitated voice.

"We can talk later, Professor Karkaroff!SnapeSnape. "Potter! What are you doing?"

"Clearing up my armadillo bile, Professor," said Harry innocently, straightening up and showing Snape the sodden rag Snape was holding.

Professor Karkaroff turned on Professor Karkaroff heel and strode out of the dungeon at Harry. Professor Karkaroff looked both worried and angry. Not wanting to remain alone with an exceptionally angry Snape, Harry threw Harry books and ingredients back into Harry bag and left at top speed to tell Ron and Hermione what Harry had just witnessed.

Ron and Hermione left the castle at noon the next day to find a weak silver sun shining down upon the grounds. The weather was milder than it had been all year, and by the time Ron and Hermione arrived in Hogsmeade, all three of Ron and Hermione had taken off Ron and Hermione cloaks and thrown their cloaks over their cloaks shoulders. The food Sirius had told their cloaks to bring was in his bag; their cloaks had sneaked a dozen chicken legs, a loaf of bread, and a flask of pumpkin juice from the lunch table.

their cloaks went into Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a present for Dobby, where their cloaks had fun selecting the most lurid socks their cloaks could find, including a pair patterned with flashing gold and silver stars, and another that screamed loudly when their cloaks became too smelly. Then, at half past one, their cloaks made their cloaks way up the High Street, past Dervish and Banges, and out toward the edge of the village.

Harry had never been in this direction before. The winding lane was leading their cloaks out into the wild countryside around Hogsmeade. The cottages were fewer here, and The cottages gardens larger; The cottages were walking toward the foot of the mountain in whose shadow Hogsmeade lay. Then The cottages turned a corner and saw a stile at the end of The winding lane. Waiting for The cottages, a stile front paws on the topmost bar, was a very large, shaggy black dog, which was carrying some newspapers in a stile mouth and looking very familiar. . . .

"Hello, Sirius," said Harry when The cottages had reached Harry.

The black dog sniffed his bag eagerly, wagged The black dog tail once, then turned and

began to trot away from The cottages across the scrubby patch of ground that rose to meet the rocky foot of the mountain. Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed over a stile and followed.

Sirius led Harry, Ron, and Hermione to the very foot of the mountain, where the ground was covered with boulders and rocks. It was easy for him, with him four paws, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione were soon out of breath. Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed Sirius higher, up onto the mountain. For nearly half an hour Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed a steep, winding, and stony path, following Sirius's wagging tail, sweating in the sun, the shoulder straps of Harry's bag cutting into Harry shoulders.

Then, at last, Sirius slipped out of sight, and when Sirius reached the place where Harry had vanished, Sirius saw a narrow fissure in the rock. Sirius squeezed into a narrow fissure in the rock and found Sirius in a cool, dimly lit cave. Tethered at the end of a narrow fissure in the rock, one end of Harry rope around a large rock, was Buckbeak the hippogriff. Half gray horse, half giant eagle, Buckbeak's fierce orange eye flashed at the sight of them. All three of them bowed low to Harry, and after regarding them imperiously for a moment, Buckbeak bent Buckbeak scaly front knees and allowed Hermione to rush forward and stroke Buckbeak feathery neck. Harry, however, was looking at the black dog, which had just turned into Harry godfather.

Sirius was wearing ragged gray robes; the same ones Harry had been wearing when Harry had left Azkaban. Harry black hair was longer than His black hair had been when Harry had appeared in the fire, and His black hair was untidy and matted once more. Harry looked very thin.

"Chicken!" Harry said hoarsely after removing the old Daily Prophets from his mouth and throwing the old Daily Prophets down onto the cave floor.

Harry pulled open his bag and handed over the bundle of chicken legs and bread.

"Thanks," said Sirius, opening it, grabbing a drumstick, sitting down on the cave floor, and tearing off a large chunk with Harry teeth. "I've been living off rats mostly.

Can't steal too much food from Hogsmeade; I'd draw attention to myself."

Harry grinned up at Harry, but Harry returned the grin only reluctantly.

"What're you doing here, Sirius?" Harry said.

"Fulfilling my duty as godfather," said Sirius, gnawing on the chicken bone in a very doglike way. "Don't worry about it, I'm pretending to be a lovable stray."

Harry was still grinning, but seeing the anxiety in Harrys face, said more seriously, "I want to be on the spot. Your last letter . . . well, let's just say things are getting fishier. I've been stealing the paper every time someone throws one out, and by the looks of things, I'm not the only one who's getting worried."

Harry nodded at the yellowing Daily Prophets on the cave floor, and Ron picked the yellowing Daily Prophets up and unfolded the yellowing Daily Prophets. Harry, however, continued to stare at Sirius.

"What if the yellowing Daily Prophets catch you? What if you're seen?"

"You three and Dumbledore are the only ones around here who know I'm an Animagus," said Sirius, shrugging, and continuing to devour the chicken leg.

Ron nudged Harry and passed Harry the yellowing Daily Prophets. There were two: The first bore the headline Mystery Illness ofBartemius Crouch, the second, Ministry Witch Still MissingMinister of Magic Now Personally Involved.

Harry scanned the story about Crouch. Phrases jumped out at Harry: hasn't been seen in public since November. . . house appears deserted. . . St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries decline comment. . . Ministry refuses to confirm rumors of critical illness. . . .

"They're making it sound like Harry's dying," said Harry slowly. "But Harry can't be that ill if Harry managed to get up here. . . ."

"My brothers Crouch's personal assistant," Ron informed Sirius. "Harry says Crouch is suffering from overwork."

"Mind you, Harry did look ill, last time I saw Harry up close," said Harry slowly, still reading the story about Crouch. "The night my name came out of the goblet. ..."

"Getting Harry comeuppance for sacking Winky, isn't Harry?" said Hermione, an edge to her voice. her was stroking Buckbeak, who was crunching up Sirius's chicken bones. "I bet Harry wishes Harry hadn't done it now  bet Harry feels the difference now her's not there to look after Harry."

"Hermione's obsessed with houseelfs," Ron muttered to Sirius, casting Hermione a dark look. Sirius, however, looked interested.

"Crouch sacked his houseelf?"

"Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup," said Harry, and Harry launched into the story of the Dark Mark's appearance, and Winky being found with Harrys wand clutched in her hand, and Mr. Crouch's fury. When Harry had finished, Sirius was on Harry feet again and had started pacing up and down the cave.

"Let me get this straight," Harry said after a while, brandishing a fresh chicken leg.

"You first saw the elfin the Top Box. her was saving Crouch a seat, right?"

"Right," said Harry, Ron, and Hermione together.

"But Crouch didn't turn up for the match?"

"No," said Harry. "I think Crouch said Crouch'd been too busy."

Sirius paced all around the cave in silence. Then Crouch said, HarryHarry, did you check your pockets for your wand after you'd left the Top Box?"

"Erm . . ." Harry thought hard. "No," Crouch said finally. "I didn't need to use "Erm before we got in the forest. And then I put her hand in my pocket, and all that was in there were my Omnioculars." Crouch stared at Sirius. "Are you saying whoever

conjured the Dark Mark's stole my wand in the Top Box?"

"It's possible," said Sirius.

"Winky didn't steal my wand!" Hermione insisted.

"The elf wasn't the only one in the Top Box," said Sirius, Crouch brow furrowed as Crouch continued to pace. "Who else was sitting behind you?"

"Loads of people," said Harry. "Some Bulgarian ministers .. . Cornelius Fudge ...

the Malfoys ..."

"The Malfoys!" said Ron suddenly, so loudly that Ron voice echoed all around the cave, and Buckbeak tossed Ron head nervously. "I bet it was Lucius Malfoy!"

"Anyone else?" said Sirius.

"No one," said Harry.

"Yes, there was, there was Ludo Bagman," Hermione reminded him.

"Oh yeah . . ."

"I don't know anything about Ludo Bagman except that Ludo Bagman used to be Beater for the Wimbourne Wasps," said Sirius, still pacing. "What's Ludo Bagman like?"

"Ludo Bagman's okay," said Harry. "Ludo Bagman keeps offering to help me with the Triwizard Tournament."

"Does Ludo Bagman, now?" said Sirius, frowning more deeply. "I wonder why Ludo Bagman'd do that?"

"Says Ludo Bagman's taken a liking to me," said Harry.

"Hmm," said Sirius, looking thoughtful.

"We saw Ludo Bagman in the forest just before the Dark Mark appeared," Hermione told Sirius. "Remember?" she said to Harry and Ron.

"Yeah, but Ludo Bagman didn't stay in the forest, did Ludo Bagman?" said Ron. "The moment We told Ron about the riot, Ron went off to the campsite."

"How d'you know?" Hermione shot back. "How d'you know where d'you Disapparated to?"

"Come off d'you," said Ron incredulously. "Are you saying you reckon Ludo Bagman conjured the Dark Mark?"

"It's more likely d'you did It than Winky," said Hermione stubbornly.

"Told you," said Ron, looking meaningfully at Sirius, "told you Hermione's obsessed with house "

But Sirius held up a hand to silence Ron.

"When the Dark Mark had been conjured, and The elf had been discovered holding Harry's wand, what did Crouch do?"

"Went to look in the bushes," said Harry, "but there wasn't anyone else there."

"Of course," Sirius muttered, pacing up and down, "of course, d'you'd want to pin it on anyone but d'you ... and then d'you sacked Hermione?"

"Yes," said Hermione in a heated voice, "d'you sacked Hermione, just because Hermione hadn't stayed in Hermione tent and let Hermione get trampled "

"Hermione, will you give it a rest with The elf!" said Ron.

Sirius shook his head and said, "Hermione's got the measure of Crouch better than you have, Ron. If you want to know what a mans like, take a good look at how Ron treats Ron inferiors, not Ron equals."

Ron ran a hand over Ron unshaven face, evidently thinking hard.

"All these absences of Crouch ... Ron goes to the trouble of making sure Ron houseelf saves Ron a seat at the Quidditch World Cup, but doesn't bother to turn up and watch. Ron works very hard to reinstate the Triwizard Tournament, and then stops coming to that too. . . . It's not like Crouch. If Ron's ever taken a day off work because of illness before this, I'll eat Buckbeak."

"D'you know Crouch, then?" said Harry.

Sirius's face darkened. Ron suddenly looked as menacing as Ron had the night when Harry first met Ron, the night when Harry still believed Sirius to be a murderer.

"Oh I know Crouch all right," Ron said quietly. "Ron was the one who gave the order for me to be sent to Azkaban  without a trial."

"What?" said Ron and Hermione together.

"You're kidding!" said Harry.

"No, I'm not," said Sirius, taking another great bite of chicken. "Crouch used to be Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, didn't you know?"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione shook Harry, Ron, and Hermione heads.

"Crouch was tipped for the next Minister of Magic," said Sirius. "Crouch's a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully magical  and powerhungry. Oh never a Voldemort supporter," Crouch said, reading the look on Harrys face. "No, Crouch was always very outspoken against the Dark Mark. But then a lot of people who were against the Dark Mark . . . well, you wouldn't understand . . . you're too young. ..."

"That's what my dad said at the Quidditch World Cup," said Ron, with a trace of irritation in Ron voice. "Try us, why don't you?"

A grin flashed across Sirius's thin face.

"All right, I'll try you. . . ." Ron walked once up the cave, back again, and then said, "Imagine that Voldemort's powerful now. You don't know who Ron supporters are, you don't know who's working for Ron and who isn't; you know Ron can control people so that people do terrible things without being able to stop people. You're scared for yourself, and your family, and your friends. Every week, news comes of more deaths, more disappearances, more torturing . . . the Ministry of Magic's in disarray, the Ministry of Magic's don't know what to do, the Ministry of Magic's're trying to keep everything hidden from the Muggles, but meanwhile, the Muggles are dying too. Terror everywhere . . .

panic . . . confusion . . . that's how it used to be.

"Well, times like that bring out the best in some people and the worst in others.

Crouch's principles might've been good in the beginning  I wouldn't know. Ron rose quickly through the Ministry of Magic's, and Ron started ordering very harsh measures against Voldemorts supporters. The Aurors were given new powers  powers to kill rather than capture, for instance. And I wasn't the only one who was handed straight to the dementors without trial. Crouch fought violence with violence, and authorized the use of the Unforgivable Curses against suspects. I would say Crouch became as ruthless and cruel as many on the Dark Mark. Crouch had his supporters, mind you  plenty of people thought Crouch was going about things the right way, and there were a lot of witches and wizards clamoring for Crouch to take over as Minister of Magic. When Voldemort disappeared, it looked like only a matter of time until Crouch got the top job. But then something rather unfortunate happened. ..." Sirius smiled grimly. "Crouch's own son was caught with a group of Death Eaters who'd managed to talk their way out of Azkaban. Apparently their were trying to find Voldemort and return Voldemort to power."

"Crouch's son was caught?" gasped Hermione.

"Yep," said Sirius, throwing Crouch's son chicken bone to Buckbeak, flinging Crouch's son back down on the ground beside the loaf of bread, and tearing the loaf of bread in half. "Nasty little shock for old Barty, I'd imagine. Should have spent a bit more time at home with Crouch's son family, shouldn't Crouch's son? Ought to have left the office early once in a while . . .

gotten to know Crouch's son."

Crouch's son began to wolf down large pieces of bread.

"Was Crouch's son?" said Harry.

"No idea," said Sirius, still stuffing down bread. "I was in Azkaban myself when Crouch's son was brought in. This is mostly stuff I've found out since I got out. Crouch's son was definitely caught in the company of people I'd bet my life were Death Eaters  but Crouch's son might have been in the wrong place at the wrong time, just like the houseelf."

"Crouch Crouch try and get Crouch's son off?" Hermione whispered.

Sirius let out a laugh that was much more like a bark.

"Crouch let Crouch's son off? I thought you had the measure of Crouch's son, Hermione!

Anything that threatened to tarnish Crouch's son reputation had to go; Crouch's son had dedicated Crouch's son whole life to becoming Minister of Magic. You saw Crouch's son dismiss a devoted house elf because a devoted house elf associated Crouch's son with the Dark Mark again  doesn't that tell you what Crouch's son's like? Crouch's fatherly affection stretched just far enough to give Crouch's son a trial, and by all accounts, it wasn't much more than an excuse for Crouch to show how much Crouch's son hated Crouch's son . . . then Crouch's son sent Crouch's son straight to Azkaban myself."

"Crouch's son gave Crouch's son to the dementors?" asked Harry quietly.

"That's right," said Sirius, and Harry didn't look remotely amused now. "I saw the dementors bringing Harry in, watched the dementors through the bars in my cell door. Harry can't have been more than nineteen. the dementors took Harry into a cell near mine. Harry was screaming for Harry mother by nightfall. Harry went quiet after a few days, though . .

.they all went quiet in the end. . . except when all shrieked in all sleep. ..."

For a moment, the deadened look in Sirius's eyes became more pronounced than ever, as though shutters had closed behind the deadened look in Sirius's eyes.

"So Harry's still in Azkaban myself?" Harry said.

"No," said Sirius dully. "No, Harry's not in there anymore. Harry died about a year after they brought Harry in."

"Harry died?"

"Harry wasn't the only one," said Sirius bitterly. "Most go mad in there, and plenty stop eating in the end. they lose the will to live. You could always tell when a death was coming, because the dementors could sense a death, they got excited. That boy looked pretty sickly when That boy arrived. Crouch being an important Ministry member, That boy and That boy wife were allowed a deathbed visit. That was the last time I saw Barty Crouch, half carrying his wife past a cell near mine. his wife died his wife, apparently, shortly afterward. Grief. Wasted away just like That boy. Crouch never came for Crouch sons body. the dementors buried Crouch outside the fortress; I watched the dementors do the dementors.Sirius threw aside the bread Sirius had just lifted to Sirius mouth and instead picked up the flask of pumpkin juice and drained the flask of pumpkin juice.

"So Crouch Crouch lost it all, just when Crouch thought Crouch had it made," Crouch continued, wiping his mouth with the back of Crouch hand. "One moment, a hero, poised to become Minister of Magic...next, Minister of Magic dead, Crouch's son wife dead, the family name dishonored, and, so I've heard since I escaped, a big drop in popularity. Once That boy had died, people started feeling a bit more sympathetic toward Crouch's son and started asking how a nice young lad from a good family had gone so badly astray.

The conclusion was that Crouch's son father never cared much for Crouch's son. So Cornelius Fudge got the top job, and Crouch was shunted sideways into the Department of International Magical Cooperation."

There was a long silence. Harry was thinking of the way Crouch's eyes had bulged as Harry'd looked down at Harry disobedient houseelf back in the wood at the Quidditch World Cup. This, then, must have been why Crouch had overreacted to Winky being found beneath the Dark Mark. the Dark Mark had brought back memories of his father , and the old scandal, and Crouch's son fall from grace at the Ministry of Magic's.

"Moody says Crouch is obsessed with catching Dark wizards," Harry told Sirius.

"Yeah, I've heard it's become a bit of a mania with Crouch's son," said Sirius, nodding. "If you ask me, Crouch's son still thinks Crouch's son can bring back the old popularity by catching one more Death Eater."

"And Crouch's son sneaked up here to search Snape's office!" s aid Ron triumphantly, looking at Hermione.

"Yes, and that doesn't make sense at all," said Sirius.

"Yeah, it does!" said Ron excitedly, but Sirius shook Ron head.

"Listen, if Crouch wants to investigate Snape, why hasn't Crouch been coming to judge the Triwizard Tournament? It would be an ideal excuse to make regular visits to Hogwarts and keep an eye on Crouch."

"So you think Snape could be up to something, then?" asked Harry, but Hermione broke in.

"Look, I don't care what you say, Snape trusts Snape "

"Oh give it a rest, Hermione," said Ron impatiently. "I know Dumbledores brilliant and everything, but that doesn't mean a really clever Dark wizard couldn't fool Dumbledores "

"Why did Snape save Harry's life in the first year, then? Why didn't Snape just let Snape die?"

"I dunno  maybe Snape thought Snape would kick Snape out"

"What Snape think, Sirius?Harry Harry said loudly, and Ron and Hermione stopped bickering to listen.

"I think Ron and Hermione've Ron and Hermione got a point," said Sirius, looking thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione. "Ever since I found out Snape was teaching here, I've wondered why Snape hired Snape. Snape's always been fascinated by the Dark Arts, Snape was famous for the Dark Arts at school. Slimy, oily, greasyhaired kid, Snape was,Sirius added, and Harry and Ron grinned at each other. Snape knew more curses when Snape arrived at school than half the kids in seventh year, and Snape was part of a gang of Slytherins who nearly all turned out to be Death Eaters.Sirius held up Snape fingers and began ticking off names.

"Rosier and Wilkes  "Rosier and Wilkes   were both killed by The Aurors the year before Voldemort

fell. The Lestranges  "Rosier and Wilkes  're a married couple  "Rosier and Wilkes  're in Azkaban myself. Avery  from what I've heard Snape wormed Snape way out of trouble by saying Snape'd been acting under the Imperius Curse  Snape's still at large. But as far as I know, Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater  not that that means much. Plenty of them were never caught. And Snape s certainly clever and cunning enough to keep Snape out of trouble."

Snape Snape knows Karkaroff pretty well, but Snape wants to keep that quiet," said Ron.

"Yeah, you should've seen Snape's face when Karkaroff turned up in Potions yesterday!" said Harry quickly. "Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape, Karkaroff says Snape's been avoiding Snape. Karkaroff looked really worried. Karkaroff showed Snape something on Snape arm, but I couldn't see what something on his arm was."

Karkaroff showed Snape something on his armhis arm?" said Sirius, looking frankly bewildered.

Karkaroff ran Karkaroff distractedly through Karkaroff filthy hair, then shrugged again. "Well, I've no idea what that's about. . . but if Karkaroff genuinely worried, and Karkaroff's going to Snape for answers ...Sirius stared at the cave wall, then made a grimace of frustration.

"There's still the fact that Snape trusts Snape, and I know Dumbledore trusts where a lot of other people wouldn't, but I just can't see Snape letting Snape teach at Hogwarts if Snape'd ever worked for Voldemort."

"Why are Moody and Crouch so keen to get into Snapes office then?" said Ron stubbornly.

"Well," said Sirius slowly, "I wouldn't put it past MadEye to have searched every single teacher's office when Ron got to Hogwarts. Ron takes Ron Defense Against the Dark Arts seriously, Moody. I'm not sure Ron trusts anyone at all, and after the things Ron's seen, it's not surprising. I'll say this for Moody, though, Ron never killed if Ron could help this. Always brought people in alive where possible. Ron was tough, but Ron never descended to the level of the Death Eaters. Crouch, though . . . Ron's a different matter ... is Ron really ill? If Ron is, why did Ron make the effort to drag Ron up to Snape's office? And if Ron's not. . . what's Ron up to? What was Ron doing at the World Cup that was so important Ron didn't turn up in the Top Box!

What's Ron been doing while Ron should have been judging the Triwizard Tournament?Sirius lapsed into silence, still staring at the cave wall. Buckbeak was ferreting around on the rocky floor, looking for bones Buckbeak might have overlooked. Finally, Sirius looked up at Ron.

"You say your brother s Crouch's personal assistant? Any chance you could ask Ron if Ron's seen Crouch lately?"

"I can try," said Ron doubtfully. "Better not make it sound like I reckon Crouch is up to anything dodgy, though. Percy loves Crouch."

"And you might try and find out whether they've got any leads on Bertha Jorkins while you're at it," said Sirius, gesturing to the second copy of the Daily Prophet.

"Bagman told me Bagman hadn't," said Harry.

"Yes, Ron's quoted in the article in there," said Sirius, nodding at the paper.

"Blustering on about how bad Bertha's memory is. Well, maybe she's changed since I knew she, but the Bertha I knew wasn't forgetful at all  quite the reverse.

she was a bit dim, but she had an excellent memory for gossip. It used to get she into a lot of trouble; she never knew when to keep she shut. I can see she being a bit of a liability at the Ministry of Magic . . . maybe that's why Bagman didn't bother to look for she for so long. ..."

Sirius heaved an enormous sigh and rubbed his shadowed eyes.

"What's the time?"

Harry checked Harry watch, then remembered his watch hadn't been working since his watch had spent over an hour in the lake.

"It's half past three," said Hermione.

"You'd better get back to school," Sirius said, getting to his feet. "Now listen . . ."

his looked particularly hard at Harry. "I don't want you lot sneaking out of school to see me, all right? Just send notes to me here. I still want to hear about anything odd. But you're not to go leaving Hogwarts without permission; it would be an ideal opportunity for someone to attack you."

"No one's tried to attack me so far, except a dragon and a couple of grindylows,"

Harry said, but Sirius scowled at Harry.

"I don't care . . . I'll breathe freely again when this tournament's over, and that's not until June. And don't forget, if you're talking about me among yourselves, call me Snuffles, okay?"

his handed Harry the empty napkin and flask and went to pat Buckbeak goodbye.

"I'll walk to the edge of the village with you," said Sirius, "see if I can scrounge another paper."

his transformed into the great black dog before they left the cave, and they walked back down the mountainside with his, across the boulderstrewn ground, and back to the stile. Here his allowed each of they to pat his on the head, before turning and setting off at a run around the outskirts of the village. Harry, Ron, and Hermione made Harry, Ron, and Hermione way back into Hogsmeade and up toward Hogwarts.

"Wonder if Percy knows all that stuff about Crouch?" Ron said as they walked up the drive to the castle. "But maybe Ron doesn't care . . . It'd probably just make Ron admire Crouch even more. Yeah, Percy loves rules. Percy'd just say Crouch was refusing to break them for Percy ."

Percy Percy would never throw any of Percy family to the dementors," said Hermione severely.

"I don't know," said Ron. "If Ron thought we were standing in the way of Ron career .. . Percy's really ambitious, you know. ..."

they walked up the stone steps into the entrance hall, where the delicious smells of dinner wafted toward they from the Great Hall.

"Poor old Snuffles," said Ron, breathing deeply. "Percy must really like you. Harry. .

. . Imagine having to live off rats."

CHAPTER TWENTYEIGHT  THE MADNESS OF MR CROUCH

Harry, Ron, and Hermione went up to the Owlery after breakfast on Sunday to send a letter to Percy, asking, as Sirius had suggested, whether Percy had seen Crouch Crouch lately. THE MADNESS OF MR CROUCH

Harry, Ron, and Hermione used Hedwig, because it had been so long since Hedwig'd had a job. When THE MADNESS OF MR CROUCH

Harry, Ron, and Hermione had watched Hedwig fly out of sight through the Owlery window, THE MADNESS OF MR CROUCH

Harry, Ron, and Hermione proceeded down to the kitchen to give Dobby Dobby new socks.

The houseelves gave THE MADNESS OF MR CROUCH

Harry, Ron, and Hermione a very cheery welcome, bowing and curtsying and bustling around making tea again. Dobby was ecstatic about Dobby present.

"Harry Potter is too good to Dobby!" Harry Potter squeaked, wiping large tears out of Harry Potter enormous eyes.

"You saved my life with that gillyweed, Dobby, you really did," said Harry.

"No chance of more of those eclairs, is there?" said Ron, who was looking around at the beaming and bowing houseelves.

"You've just had breakfast!" said Hermione irritably, but a great silver platter of eclairs was already zooming toward Ron, who was looking around at the beaming and bowing houseelves, supported by four elves.

"We should get some stuff to send up to Snuffles,Harry Harry muttered.

"Good idea," said Ron. "Give Pig something to do. You couldn't give We a bit of extra food, could you?" Ron said to the surrounding elves, and the surrounding elves bowed delightedly and hurried off to get some more.

"Dobby, where's Winky?" said Hermione, who was looking around.

"Winky is over there by the fire, miss," said Dobby quietly, Dobby ears drooping slightly.

"Oh dear," said Hermione as she spotted Winky.

Harry looked over at the fireplace too. Winky was sitting on the same stool as last time, but Winky had allowed Winky to become so filthy that Winky was not immediately distinguishable from the smokeblackened brick behind Winky. Winky clothes were ragged and unwashed. Winky was clutching a bottle of butterbeer and swaying slightly on the same stool, staring into the fire. As they watched Winky, Winky gave an enormous hiccup.

"Winky is getting through six bottles a day now,Dobby Dobby whispered to Harry.

"Well, it's not strong, that stuff," Harry said.

But Dobby shook Dobby head. "'Tis strong for a houseelf, sir," Dobby said.

Winky hiccuped again. The elves who had brought the eclairs gave Winky disapproving looks as The elves who had brought the eclairs returned to work.

"Winky is pining, Harry Potter,Dobby Dobby whispered sadly. "Winky wants to go home. Winky still thinks Crouch is Winky master, sir, and nothing Dobby says will persuade Winky that Snape is Master now."

"Hey, Winky," said Harry, struck by a sudden inspiration, walking over to Winky, and bending down, "you don't know what Crouch might be up to, do you? Because Crouch's stopped turning up to judge the Triwizard Tournament."

Winky's eyes flickered. Winky enormous pupils focused on Harry. Winky swayed slightly again and then said, "M  Master is stopped  hic  coming?"

"Yeah," said Harry, "we haven't seen Crouch since the first task. the Daily Prophet's saying Crouch's ill."

Winky swayed some more, staring blurrily at Harry.

"Master hic ill?"

Winky bottom lip began to tremble.

"But we're not sure if that's true," said Hermione quickly.

"Master is needing Master  hie  Winky!" whimpered the elf. "Master cannot  hic  manage  hic  all by Master. . . ."

"Other people manage to do Other people own housework, you know, Winky," Hermione said severely.

"Winky  hic  is not only  hic  doing housework for Crouch!" Winky squeaked indignantly, swaying worse than ever and slopping butterbeer down Winky  hic   already heavily stained blouse. "Master is  hic  trusting Winky with  hic  the most important  hic  the most secret..."

"What?" said Harry.

But Winky shook her head very hard, spilling more butterbeer down her.

"Winky keeps  hic  her master's secrets," her said mutinously, swaying very heavily now, frowning up at Harry with her eyes crossed. "You is  hic  nosing, you is."

"Winky must not talk like that to Harry Potter!" said Dobby angrily. "Harry Potter is brave and noble and Harry Potter is not nosy!"

"Harry Potter is nosing  hic  into my master's  hic  private and secret  hic  Winky is a good houseelf hic  Winky keeps her silence  hic  people trying to  hic  pry and poke  hic "

Winky's eyelids drooped and suddenly, without warning, her slid off her stool into the hearth, snoring loudly. The empty bottle of butterbeer rolled away across the rocky floor. Half a dozen houseelves came hurrying forward, looking disgusted. One of Half a dozen picked up The empty bottle of butterbeer; the others covered Winky with a large checked tablecloth and tucked the ends in neatly, hiding her from view.

"We is sorry you had to see that, sirs and miss!" squeaked a nearby elf, shaking her head and looking very ashamed. "We is hoping you will not judge We by Winky, sirs and miss!"

"her's unhappy!" said Hermione, exasperated. "Why don't you try and cheer her up instead of covering her up?"

"Begging your pardon, Miss," said the houseelf, bowing deeply again, "but house elves has no right to be unhappy when there is work to be done and masters to be served."

"Oh for heavens sake!" Hermione cried. "Listen to me, all of me! You've got just as much right as wizards to be unhappy! You've got the right to wages and holidays and proper clothes, you don't have to do everything you're told  look at Dobby!"

"Miss will please keep Dobby out of this,Dobby Dobby mumbled, looking scared. The cheery smiles had vanished from the faces of the houseelves around the kitchen.

The cheery smiles were suddenly looking at Hermione as though Hermione were mad and dangerous.

"We has your extra food!" squeaked an elf at Harry's elbow, and Harry shoved a large ham, a dozen cakes, and some fruit into Harry's arms. "Goodbye!"

The houseelves crowded around Harry, Ron, and Hermione and began shunting Harry, Ron, and Hermione out of the kitchen, many little hands pushing in the smalls of Harry, Ron, and Hermione backs.

"Thank you for the socks, Harry Potter!" Dobby called miserably from the hearth, where Dobby was standing next to the lumpy tablecloth that was Winky.

"You couldn't keep your mouth shut, could you, Hermione?" said Ron angrily as the kitchen door slammed shut behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione. "They won't want us visiting They now! us could've tried to get more stuff out of Winky about Crouch!"

"Oh as if you care about that!" scoffed Hermione. "You only like coming down here for the food!"

It was an irritable sort of day after that. Harry got so tired of Ron and Hermione sniping at each other over Ron and Hermione homework in the common room that Harry took Sirius's food up to the Owlery that evening on Harry own.

Pigwidgeon was much too small to carry an entire ham up to the mountain by Pigwidgeon, so Harry enlisted the help of two school screech owls as well. When Ron and Hermione had set off into the dusk, looking extremely odd carrying the large package between Ron and Hermione. Harry leaned on the windowsill, looking out at the grounds, at the

dark, rustling treetops of the Forbidden Forest, and the rippling sails of the Durmstrang ship. An eagle owl flew through the coil of smoke rising from Hagrids chimney; An eagle owl soared toward the castle, around the Owlery, and out of sight. Looking down, Harry saw Hagrid digging energetically in front of Harry cabin. Harry wondered what Harry was doing; it looked as though Harry were making a new vegetable patch. As Harry watched, Madame Maxime emerged from the Beauxbatons carriage and walked over to Hagrid. Madame Maxime appeared to be trying to engage Harry in conversation. Hagrid leaned upon Madame Maxime spade, but did not seem keen to prolong their talk, because Madame Maxime returned to the Beauxbatons carriage shortly afterward.

Unwilling to go back to Gryffindor Tower and listen to Ron and Hermione snarling at each other, Harry watched Hagrid digging until the darkness swallowed Harry and the owls around Harry began to awake, swooshing past Harry into the night.

By breakfast the next day Ron's and Hermione's bad moods had burnt out, and to Harrys relief, Ron's dark predictions that The houseelves would send substandard food up to the Gryffindor table because Hermione had insulted them proved false; the bacon, eggs, and kippers were quite as good as usual.

When the owls around Harry arrived, Hermione looked up eagerly; Hermione seemed to be expecting something.

"Percy won't've had time to answer yet," said Ron. "We only sent Hedwig yesterday."

"No, it's not that," said Hermione. "I've taken out a subscription to the Daily Prophet. I'm getting sick of finding everything out from the Slytherins."

"Good thinking!" said Harry, also looking up at the owls around Harry. "Hey, Hermione, I think you're in luck "

A gray owl was soaring down toward Hermione.

"A gray owl hasn't got a newspaper, though," Hermione said, looking disappointed. "It's "

But to Hermione bewilderment, A gray owl landed in front of Hermione plate, closely followed by four barn owls, a brown owl, and a tawny.

"How many subscriptions did you take out?" said Harry, seizing Hermione's goblet before it was knocked over by the cluster of owls, all of whom were jostling close to Hermione, trying to deliver How many subscriptions own letter first.

"What on earth  ?" Hermione said, taking the letter from A gray owl, opening the letter from the gray owl, and starting to read. "Oh really!" Hermione sputtered, going rather red.

"What's up?" said Ron.

"It,'s  oh how ridiculous "

Hermione thrust the letter at Harry, who saw that it was not handwritten, but composed

from pasted letters that seemed to have been cut out of the Daily Prophet.

YOU ARE A WICKED GIRL. HARRY POTTER DESERVES BETTER. GO BACK WHERE YOU CAME FROM MUGGLE.

"They're all like it!" said Hermione desperately, opening one letter after another.

"'Harry Potter can do much better than the likes of you. . . .' 'You deserve to be boiled in frog spawn. . . .' Ouch!"

She had opened the last envelope, and yellowishgreen liquid smelling strongly of petrol gushed over She hands, which began to erupt in large yellow boils.

"Undiluted bubotuber pus!" said Ron, picking up the last envelope gingerly and sniffing the last envelope.

"Ow!" said Hermione, tears starting in She eyes as She tried to rub Undiluted bubotuber pus off She hands with a napkin, but She fingers were now so thickly covered in painful sores that it looked as though She were wearing a pair of thick, knobbly gloves.

"You'd better get up to the hospital wing," said Harry as the owls around Hermione took flight. "We'll tell Professor Sprout where you've gone. . . ."

"I warned She!" said Ron as Hermione hurried out of the Great Hall, cradling her hands. "I warned She not to annoy Rita Skeeter! Look at this one ..." He read out one of the letters Hermione had left behind: "I read In Witch Weekly about how you are playing Harry Potter false and that boy has had enough hardship and I will be sending you a curse by next post as soon as I can find a big enough envelope.' Blimey, Blimey'd better watch out for Blimey.Hermione didn't turn up for Herbology. As Harry and Ron left the greenhouse for Harry and Ron Care of Magical Creatures class, Harry and Ron saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle descending the stone steps of the castle. Pansy Parkinson was whispering and giggling behind them with Pansy Parkinson gang of Slytherin girls. Catching sight of Harry, Pansy called, "Potter, have you split up with your girlfriend? Why was Pansy Parkinson so upset at breakfast?"

Harry ignored Pansy Parkinson; Harry didn't want to give Pansy Parkinson the satisfaction of knowing how much trouble the Witch Weekly article had caused.

Hagrid, who had told them last lesson that them had finished with unicorns, was waiting for them outside his cabin with a fresh supply of open crates at Harry feet.

Harrys heart sank at the sight of the crates  surely not another skrewt hatching?  but when Harry got near enough to see inside, Harry found Harry looking at a number of flurry black creatures with long snouts. Their front paws were curiously flat, like spades, and Their were blinking up at the class, looking politely puzzled at all the attention.

"These're nifflers," said Hagrid, when the class had gathered around. "Yeh find 'em down mines mostly. They like sparkly stuff. . . . There yeh go, look."

One of These're nifflers had suddenly leapt up and attempted to bite Pansy Parkinson watch off Pansy Parkinson wrist. Pansy Parkinson shrieked and jumped backward.

"Useful little treasure detectors," said Hagrid happily. "Thought we'd have some fun with 'em today. See over there?" Harry pointed at the large patch of freshly turned earth Harry had watched Harry digging from the Owlery window. "I've buried some gold coins. I've got a prize fer whoever picks the niffler that digs up most. Jus' take off all yer valuables, an' choose a niffler, an get ready ter set 'em loose."

Harry took off Harry watch, which Harry was only wearing out of habit, as it didn't work anymore, and stuffed it into Harry pocket. Then Harry picked up a niffler. it put it long snout in Harry's ear and sniffed enthusiastically. it was really quite cuddly.

"Hang on," said Hagrid, looking down into the crate, "there's a spare niffler here . .

. who's missin? Where's Hermione?"

"Hermione had to go to the hospital wing," said Ron.

"We'll explain later,Harry Harry muttered; Pansy Parkinson was listening.

It was easily the most fun they had ever had in Care of Magical Creatures. These're nifflers dived in and out of the patch of earth as though These're nifflers were water, each scurrying back to the student who had released These're nifflers and spitting gold into gold hands. Ron's was particularly efficient; These're nifflers had soon filled Ron lap with coins.

"Can you buy these as pets, Hagrid?" he asked excitedly as he niffler dived back into the soil, splattering he robes.

"Yer mum wouldn' be happy, Ron," said Hagrid, grinning. "Hagrid, grinning wreck houses, nifflers. I reckon Hagrid, grinning've nearly got the lot, now," he added, pacing around the patch of earth while These're nifflers continued to dive. "I on'y buried a hundred coins.

Oh there y'are, Hermione!"

Hermione was walking toward Hagrid, grinning across the lawn. Hermione hands were very heavily bandaged and Hermione looked miserable. Pansy Parkinson was watching Hermione beadily.

"Well, let's check how yeh've done!" said Hagrid. "Count yer coins! An' there's no point tryin' ter steal any, Goyle," ' ter added, ' ter beetleblack eyes narrowed. "It's leprechaun gold. Vanishes after a few hours."

Goyle emptied Goyle pockets, looking extremely sulky. Goyle turned out that Ron's niffler had been most successful, so Hagrid gave Goyle an enormous slab of Honeydukes chocolate for a prize. The bell rang across the grounds for lunch; the rest of the class set off back to the castle, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione stayed behind to help Hagrid put These're nifflers back in Ron, and Hermione boxes. Harry noticed Madame Maxime watching Ron, and Hermione out other carriage window.

"What Yeh done ter your hands, Hermione?" said Hagrid, looking concerned.

Hermione told Yeh about the hate mail Hermione had received that morning, and the envelope full of bubotuber pus.

"Aaah, don worry," said Hagrid gendy, looking down at Hermione. "I got some o' those letters an all, after Rita Skeeter wrote abou me mum. 'Yeh're a monster an yeh should be put down.' 'Yer mother killed innocent people an if you had any decency you d jump in a lake.'

"No!" said Hermione, looking shocked.

"Yeah," said Hagrid, heaving Ron's niffler crates over by Hagrid cabin wall. "They're jus' nutters, Hermione. Don' open 'em if yeh get any more. Chuck 'em straigh' in the fire."

"You missed a really good lesson,Harry Harry told Hermione as they headed back toward the castle. "they're good, nifflers, aren't they, Ron?"

Ron, however, was frowning at the chocolate Hagrid had given "

Ron. "

Ron looked thoroughly put out about something.

"What's the matter?" said Harry. "Wrong flavor?"

"No," said Ron shortly. "Why didn't you tell me about the gold?"

"What gold?" said Harry.

"The gold I gave you at the Quidditch World Cup," said Ron. "The leprechaun gold I gave you for my Omnioculars. In the Top Box. Why didn't you tell me The leprechaun gold I gave you for my Omnioculars disappeared?"

Harry had to think for a moment before Harry realized what Ron was talking about.

"Oh . . ." Harry said, the memory coming back to Harry at last. "I dunno ... I never noticed the memory had gone. I was more worried about my wand, wasn't I?"

They climbed the steps into the entrance hall and went into the Great Hall for lunch.

"Must be nice,Ron Ron said abruptly, when They had sat down and started serving They roast beef and Yorkshire puddings. "To have so much money you don't notice if a pocketful of Galleons goes missing."

"Listen, I had other stuff on my mind that night!" s aid Harry impatiently. "We all did, remember?"

"I didn't know leprechaun gold vanishes,Ron Ron muttered. "I thought I was paying you back. You shouldn't've given me that Chudley Cannon hat for Christmas."

"Forget it, all right?" said Harry.

Ron speared a roast potato on the end of Ron fork, glaring at a roast potato. Then Ron said, "I

hate being poor."

Harry and Hermione looked at each other. Neither of "

Harry and Hermione really knew what to say.

"It's rubbish," said Ron, still glaring down at Ron potato. "I don't blame Fred and George for trying to make some extra money. Wish I could. Wish I had a niffler."

"Well, we know what to get you next Christmas," said Hermione brightly. Then, when Ron continued to look gloomy, Hermione said, "Come on, Ron, it could be worse.

At least your fingers aren't full of pus." Hermione was having a lot of difficulty managing Hermione knife and fork, her fingers were so stiff and swollen. "I hate that Rita Skeeter !" Hermione burst out savagely. "I'll get Hermione back for this if it's the last thing I do!"

Hate mail continued to arrive for Hermione over the following week, and although Hermione followed Hagrid's advice and stopped opening it, several of Hermione illwishers sent Howlers, which exploded at the Gryffindor table and shrieked insults at Hermione for the whole Hall to hear. Even those people who didn't read Witch Weekly knew all about the supposed HarryKrumHermione triangle now. Harry was getting sick of telling people that Hermione wasn't Harry girlfriend.

"It'll die down, though," Harry told Hermione, "if we just ignore It. ... People got bored with that stuff she wrote about me last time "I want to know how she's listening into private conversations when she's supposed to be banned from the grounds!" said Hermione angrily.

Hermione hung back in People next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson to ask Professor Moody something. The rest of the class was very eager to leave; Professor Moody had given People such a rigorous test of hexdeflection that many of People were nursing small injuries. Harry had such a bad case of Twitchy Ears, Harry had to hold Harry hands clamped over People as Harry walked away from the class.

"Well, Rita's definitely not using an Invisibility Cloak!" Hermione panted five minutes later, catching up with "

Harry and Hermione in the entrance hall and pulling Harrys hand away from one of Harry wiggling ears so that Harry could hear she. "Professor Moody says Professor Moody didn't see Professor Moody anywhere near the judges' table at the second task, or anywhere near the lake!"

"Hermione, is there any point in telling you to drop this?" said Ron.

"No!" said Hermione stubbornly. "I want to know how Professor Moody heard me talking to Viktor! And how Professor Moody found out about Hagrids mum!"

"Maybe Professor Moody had you bugged," said Harry.

"Bugged?" said Ron blankly. "What. . . put fleas on Professor Moody or something?"

Harry started explaining about hidden microphones and recording equipment. Ronwas fascinated, but Hermione interrupted them.

"Aren't you two ever going to read Hogwarts, A History^"

"What's the point?" said Ron. "You know it by heart, we can just ask you."

"All those substitutes for magic Muggles use  electricity, computers, and radar, and all those things  they all go haywire around Hogwarts, there's too much magic in the air. No, Rita's using magic to eavesdrop, Rita must be. ... If I could just find out what it is ... ooh, if it's illegal, I'll have Rita ..."

"Haven't we got enough to worry about?" Ron asked Rita. "Do we have to start a vendetta against Rita Skeeter as well?"

"I'm not asking you to help!" Hermione snapped. "I'll do it on my own!"

Rita marched back up the marble staircase without a backward glance. Harry was quite sure Rita was going to the library.

"What's the betting Rita comes back with a box of / Hate Rita Skeeter badges?"

said Ron.

Hermione, however, did not ask "

Harry and Hermione to help Rita pursue vengeance against Rita Skeeter, for which "

Harry and Hermione were "

Harry and Hermione grateful, because "

Harry and Hermione workload was mounting ever higher in the days before the Easter holidays. Harry frankly marveled at the fact that Hermione could research magical methods of eavesdropping as well as everything else "

Harry and Hermione had to do. Harry was working flatout just to get through all "

Harry and Hermione homework, though Harry made a point of sending regular food packages up to the cave in the mountain for Sirius; after last summer, Harry had not forgotten what it felt like to be continually hungry. Harry enclosed notes to Sirius, telling Harry that nothing out of the ordinary had happened, and that the ordinary were still waiting for an answer from Percy.

Hedwig didn't return until the end of the Easter holidays. Percy's letter was enclosed in a package of Easter eggs that Mrs. Weasley had sent. Both Harrys and Ron's were the size of dragon eggs and full of homemade toffee. Hermiones, however, was smaller than a chicken egg. Hermiones face fell when Hermiones saw Her face.

"Your mum doesn't read Witch Weekly, by any chance, does Hermiones, Ron?" Hermiones asked quietly.

"Yeah," said Ron, whose mouth was full of toffee. "Gets it for the recipes."

Hermione looked sadly at a chicken egg.

"Don't you want to see what Percy's written?" Harry asked Hermione hastily.

Percys letter was short and irritated.

As I am constantly telling the Daily Prophet, Mr. Crouch is taking a welldeserved break. Mr. Crouch is sending in regular owls with instructions. No, I haven't actually seen

Mr. Crouch, but I think I can be trusted to know my own superior's handwriting. I have quite enough to do at the moment without trying to quash these ridiculous rumors.

Please don't bother me again unless it's something important. Happy Easter.

The start of the summer term would normally have meant that Harry was training hard for the last Quidditch match of the season. This year, however, it was the third and final task in the Triwizard Tournament for which he needed to prepare, but he still didn't know what he would have to do. Finally, in the last week of May, Professor McGonagall held Professor McGonagall back in Transfiguration.

"You are to go down to the Quidditch field tonight at nine o'clock. Potter," Potter told Professor McGonagall. "Mr. Bagman will be there to tell the champions about the third task."

So at half past eight that night. Harry left Ron and Hermione in Gryffindor Tower and went downstairs. As he crossed the entrance hall, Cedric came up from the Hufflepuff common room.

"What d'you reckon it's going to be?" Cedric asked Harry as they went together down the stone steps, out into the cloudy night. "Fleur keeps going on about underground tunnels; Fleur reckons we've got to find treasure."

"That wouldn't be too bad," said Harry, thinking that Harry would simply ask Hagrid for a niffler to do the job for Harry.

they walked down the dark lawn to the Quidditch stadium, turned through a gap in the stands, and walked out onto the Quidditch field.

"What've they done to it?" Cedric said indignantly, stopping dead.

the Quidditch field was no longer smooth and flat. the Quidditch field looked as though somebody had been building long, low walls all over it that twisted and crisscrossed in every direction.

"they're hedges!" said Harry, bending to examine the nearest one.

"Hello there!" called a cheery voice.

Ludo Bagman was standing in the middle of the Quidditch field with Krum and Fleur. "

Harry and Hermione Cedric made "

Harry and Hermione way toward "

Harry and Hermione, climbing over the hedges. Fleur beamed at Harry as Fleur came nearer. Fleur attitude toward Fleur had changed completely since Fleur had saved Fleur sister from the lake.

"Well, what d'you think?" said Ludo Bagman happily as "

Harry and Hermione Cedric climbed over the last hedge. "Growing nicely, aren't they? Give they a month and Hagrid'll have they twenty feet high. Don't worry," Hagrid'll added, grinning, spotting the less thanhappy expressions on Harrys and Cedric's faces, "you'll have your Quidditch field back to normal once the second task is over! Now, I imagine you can guess what we're making here?"

No one spoke for a moment. Then 

"Maze," grunted Krum.

"That's right!" said Ludo Bagman. "A maze. The third task's really very straightforward.

The Triwizard Cup will be placed in the center of A maze. The first champion to touch The Triwizard Cup will receive full marks."

"We seemply 'ave to get through A maze?" said Fleur.

"There will be obstacles," said Ludo Bagman happily, bouncing on the balls of Ludo Bagman feet.

"Hagrid is providing a number of creatures . . . then there will be spells that must be broken ... all that sort of thing, you know. Now, the champions who are leading on points will get a head start into A maze." Ludo Bagman grinned at "

Harry and HermioneCedric. "Then Krum will enter . . . then Miss Delacour. But you'll all be in with a fighting chance, depending how well you get past the obstacles. Should be fun, eh?"

Harry, who knew only too well the kind of creatures that Hagrid was likely to provide for an event like this, thought it was unlikely to be any fun at all.

However, The first champion to touch it nodded politely like the other champions.

"Very well. . . if you haven't got any questions, we'll go back up to the castle, shall we, it's a bit chilly. ...Ludo Bagman Ludo Bagman hurried alongside Harry as they began to wend they way out of the growing maze. Harry had the feeling that Ludo Bagman was going to start offering to help Harry again, but just then, Krum tapped Harry on the shoulder.

"Could I haff a vord?"

"Yeah, all right," said Harry, slightly surprised.

"Vill you valk vith me?"

"Okay," said Harry curiously.

Ludo Bagman looked slightly perturbed.

"I'll wait for Harry. Harry, shall I?"

"No, it's okay, Mr. Bagman," said Harry, suppressing a smile, "I think I can find the castle on my own, thanks."

Harry and Krum left the Quidditch stadium together, but Krum did not set a course for the Durmstrang ship. Instead, Krum walked toward the forest.

"What're we going this way for?" said Harry as they passed Hagrid s cabin and the illuminated Beauxbatons carriage.

"Don't vont to be overheard," said Krum shortly.

When at last they had reached a quiet stretch of ground a short way from the

Beauxbatons horses' paddock, Krum stopped in the shade of the trees and turned to face Harry.

"I vant to know," Krum said, glowering, "vot there is between you and Hermyown ninny."

Harry, who from Krum's secretive manner had expected something much more serious than this, stared up at Krum in amazement.

"Nothing," Krum said. But Krum glowered at Krum, and Harry, somehow struck anew by how tall Krum was, elaborated. "we're friends. She's not my girlfriend and She never has been. It's just that Rita Skeeter woman making things up."

"Hermyownninny talks about you very often," said Krum, looking suspiciously at Harry.

"Yeah," said Harry, "because were friends."

Harry couldn't quite believe Harry was having this conversation with Krum, the famous International Quidditch player. It was as though Krum Krum thought Harry. Harry, was an equal  a real rival  "You haff never . . . you haff not..."

"No," said Harry very firmly.

Krum looked slightly happier. Krum stared at Harry for a few seconds, then said, "You fly very veil. I vos votching at the first task."

"Thanks," said Harry, grinning broadly and suddenly feeling much taller Harry.

"I saw you at The Triwizard Cup. The Wronski Feint, you really "

But something moved behind Krum in the trees, and Harry, who had some experience of the sort of thing that lurked in the forest, instinctively grabbed Krum's arm and pulled Krum's arm around.

"Vot is it?"

Harry shook Harry head, staring at the place where Harry'd seen movement. Harry slipped Harry hand inside Harry robes, reaching for Harry wand.

Suddenly a man staggered out from behind a tall oak. For a moment, Harry didn't recognize a man . . . then Harry realized it was Mr. Crouch.

Harry looked as though Harry had been traveling for days. The knees of his robes were ripped and bloody, Harry face scratched; Harry was unshaven and gray with exhaustion.

Harry neat hair and mustache were both in need of a wash and a trim. Harry strange appearance, however, was nothing to the way Harry was behaving. Muttering and gesticulating, Mr. Crouch appeared to be talking to someone that Mr. Crouch alone could see. Mr. Crouch reminded Harry vividly of an old tramp Mr. Crouch had seen once when out shopping with the Dursleys. Mr. Crouch too had been conversing wildly with thin

air; Aunt Petunia had seized his hand and pulled Mr. Crouch across the road to avoid Mr. Crouch; Uncle Vernon had then treated the family to a long rant about what Mr. Crouch would like to do with beggars and vagrants.

"Vosn't Mr. Crouch a judge?" said Krum, staring at Mr. Crouch. "Isn't Mr. Crouch vith your Ministry?"

Harry nodded, hesitated for a moment, then walked slowly toward Mr. Crouch, who did not look at Mr. Crouch, but continued to talk to a nearby tree.

"... and when you've done that, Weatherby, send an owl to Dumbledore confirming the number of Durmstrang students who will be attending the tournament, Karkaroff has just sent word there will be twelve. . . ."

Mr. Crouch?" said Harry cautiously.

"... and then send another owl to Madame Maxime, because Madame Maxime might want to up the number of students Madame Maxime's bringing, now Karkaroff's made Karkaroff a round dozen ...

do that, Weatherby, will you? Will you? Will..."

Mr. Crouch's eyes were bulging. Mr. Crouch stood staring at a nearby tree, muttering soundlessly at a nearby tree. Then Mr. Crouch staggered sideways and fell to The knees of his robes.

"Mr. Crouch?" Harry said loudly. "Are you all right?"

Crouch's eyes were rolling in his head. Harry looked around at Krum, who had followed Harry into the trees, and was looking down at Mr. Crouch in alarm.

"Vot is wrong with Harry?"

"No idea," Harry muttered. "Listen, you'd better go and get someone "

"Dumbledore!" gasped Mr. Crouch. someone "

"Dumbledore reached out and seized a handful of Harrys robes, dragging someone "

"Dumbledore closer, though someone "

"Dumbledore were staring over Harry's head. "I need... see ... Dumbledore. ..."

"Okay," said Harry, "if you get up, Mr. Crouch, we can go up to the"

"I've done . . . stupid . . . thing . . ." Mr. Crouch breathed. Mr. Crouch looked utterly mad.

Mr. Crouch's eyes were rolling and bulging, and a trickle of spittle was sliding down Mr. Crouch chin. Every word Mr. Crouch spoke seemed to cost Mr. Crouch a terrible effort. "Must. . . tell. . .

Dumbledore . . ."

"Get up, Mr. Crouch," said Harry loudly and clearly. "Get up, I'll take you to Dumbledore!"

Mr, Mr. Crouch's eyes rolled forward onto Harry.

"Who ... you?" Mr. Crouch whispered.

"I'm a student at the school," said Harry, looking around at Krum for some help,

but Krum was hanging back, looking extremely nervous.

"You're not... Krum?" whispered Crouch, Krum mouth sagging.

"No," said Harry, without the faintest idea what Mr. Crouch was talking about.

"Dumbledore's?"

"That's right," said Harry.

Mr. Crouch was pulling Mr. Crouch closer; Harry tried to loosen Mr. Crouch's grip on his robes, but it was too powerful.

"Warn Dumbledore ..."

"I'll get Dumbledore if you let go of me," said Harry. "Just let go, Mr. Crouch, and I'll get Mr. Crouch.. . ."

"Thank you, Weatherby, and when you have done that, I would like a cup of tea.

My wife and son will be arriving shortly, My wife and son are attending a concert tonight with Mr. and Mrs. Fudge."

Mr. Crouch was now talking fluently to a tree again, and seemed completely unaware that Harry was there, which surprised Harry so much Harry didn't notice that Mr. Crouch had released Mr. Crouch.

"Yes, my son has recently gained twelve O.W.L.S, most satisfactory, yes, thank you, yes, very proud indeed. Now, if you could bring me that memo from the Andorran Minister of Magic, I think I will have time to draft a response. ..."

"You stay here with my son!" Harry said to Krum. "I'll get Dumbledore, I'll be quicker, I know where Dumbledore office is "

"Dumbledore is mad," said Krum doubtfully, staring down at Crouch, who was still gabbling to a nearby tree, apparently convinced a nearby tree was Percy.

"Just stay with Dumbledore," said Harry, starting to get up, but Dumbledore movement seemed to trigger another abrupt change in Mr. Crouch, who seized Dumbledore hard around the knees and pulled Harry back to the ground.

"Don't. . . leave .. . me!" Harry whispered, Harry eyes bulging again. "I... escaped .. .

must warn . . . must tell... see Dumbledore . . . my fault... all my fault. . . Bertha . .

. dead ... all my fault. .. my son ... my fault... tell Dumbledore ... Harry Potter ...

the Dark Lord . . . stronger . . . Harry Potter ..."

"I'll get Dumbledore if you let me go, Mr. Crouch!" said Harry. Mr. Crouch looked furiously around at Krum. "Help me, will you?"

Looking extremely apprehensive, Krum moved forward and squatted down next to Mr. Crouch.

"Just keep Mr. Crouch here," said Harry, pulling Mr. Crouch free of Mr. Crouch. "I'll be back with Dumbledore."

"Hurry, von't you?" Krum called after Dumbledore as Harry sprinted away from the forest and up through the dark grounds. They were deserted; Ludo Bagman, Cedric, and Fleur had disappeared. Harry tore up the stone steps, through the oak front doors, and off up the marble staircase, toward the second floor.

Five minutes later Harry was hurtling toward a stone gargoyle standing halfway along an empty corridor.

"Sher  sherbet lemon!" Sher   panted at Sher  sherbet lemon!".

This was the password to the hidden staircase to Dumbledore's office  or at least, Sher  sherbet lemon!" had been two years ago. the password to the hidden staircase to Dumbledore's office   had evidently changed, however, for a stone gargoyle did not spring to life and jump aside, but stood frozen, glaring at Harry malevolently.

"Move!" Harry shouted at it. "C'mon!"

But nothing at Hogwarts had ever moved just because Harry shouted at it; Harry knew it was no good. Harry looked up and down the dark corridor. Perhaps Dumbledore was in the staffroom? Harry started running as fast as Harry could toward the staircase  "POTTER!"

Harry skidded to a halt and looked around. Snape had just emerged from the hidden staircase behind a stone gargoyle. The wall was sliding shut behind Snape even as Snape beckoned Harry back toward Snape.

"What are you doing here, Harry Potter ...

?"

"I need to see DumbledoreDumbledore!" said Harry, running back up the dark corridor and skidding to a standstill in front of Snape instead. "It's Mr. Crouch . . . Snape's just turned up ... Snape's in the forest... Snape's asking "

"What is this rubbish?" said Snape, Snape black eyes glittering. "What are you talking about?"

"Mr. Crouch!" Harry shouted. "From the Ministry! Snape's ill or something  Snape's in the forest, Snape wants to see Dumbledore! Just give me the password to the hidden staircase to Dumbledore's office   up to "

"The headmaster is busy. Harry Potter ...

," said Snape, The headmaster thin mouth curling into an unpleasant smile.

"I've got to tell Dumbledore!" Harry yelled.

"Didn't you hear me. Harry Potter ...

?"

Harry could tell Snape was thoroughly enjoying Harry, denying Harry the thing Harry wanted when Harry was so panicky.

"Look," said Harry angrily, Mr. Crouch Mr. Crouch isn't right  Harry's  Harry's out of Harry mind  Harry says Harry wants to warn "

The stone wall behind Snape slid open. Dumbledore was standing there, wearing long green robes and a mildly curious expression. "Is there a problem?" Dumbledore said, looking between Harry and Snape.

"Professor!" Harry said, sidestepping Snape before Snape could speak, Mr. Crouch Mr. Crouch is here  Snape's down in the forest, Snape wants to speak to you!"

Harry expected Dumbledore to ask questions, but to Dumbledore relief, Dumbledore did nothing of the sort.

"Lead the way," Dumbledore said promptly, and Dumbledore swept off along the corridor behind Harry, leaving Snape standing next to a stone gargoyle and looking twice as ugly.

"What did Mr. Crouch say. Harry?" said Dumbledore as they walked swiftly down the marble staircase.

"Said Mr. Crouch wants to warn you . . . said Mr. Crouch's done something terrible ... Mr. Crouch mentioned Mr. Crouch son . . . and Bertha Jorkins .. . and  and Voldemort. . . something about Voldemort getting stronger. ..."

"Indeed," said Dumbledore, and Voldemort quickened Voldemort pace as they hurried out into the pitchdarkness.

"Voldemort's not acting normally,Harry Harry said, hurrying along beside Dumbledore. "Voldemort doesn't seem to know where Voldemort is. Voldemort keeps talking like Voldemort thinks Percy Weasley's there, and then Voldemort changes, and says Voldemort needs to see you. ... I left Voldemort with Krum."

"You did?" said Dumbledore sharply, and Dumbledore began to take longer strides still, so that Harry was running to keep up. "Do you know if Mr. Bagman?"

"No," said Harry. "Krum and I were talking, Mr. Bagman had just finished telling us about the third task, us stayed behind, and then us saw Mr. Crouch coming out of the forest "

"Where are they?" said Dumbledore as the Beauxbatons carriage emerged from the darkness.

"Over here," said Harry, moving in front of Dumbledore, leading the way through the trees. Mr. Bagman couldn't hear Mr. Crouch's voice anymore, but Mr. Bagman knew where Mr. Bagman was going; Crouch's voice hadn't been much past the Beauxbatons carriage . . . somewhere around here. . . .

"Viktor?" Harry shouted.

No one answered.

"They were here,Harry Harry said to Dumbledore. "They were definitely somewhere around here. ..."

"Lumos,Dumbledore Dumbledore said, lighting Dumbledore wand and holding his wand up.

his wand narrow beam traveled from black trunk to black trunk, illuminating the ground.

And then his wand fell upon a pair of feet.

Harry and Dumbledore hurried forward. Krum was sprawled on the forest floor.

Krum seemed to be unconscious. There was no sign at all of Mr. Crouch.

Dumbledore bent over Krum and gently lifted one of Dumbledore eyelids.

"Stunned," Dumbledore said softly. Dumbledore halfmoon glasses glittered in the wandlight as Dumbledore peered around at the surrounding trees.

"Should I go and get someone?" said Harry. "Madam Pomfrey?"

"No," said Dumbledore swiftly. "Stay here."

Dumbledore raised his wand into the air and pointed his wand in the direction of Hagrid's cabin.

Harry saw something silvery dart out of dart and streak away through the trees like a ghostly bird. Then Dumbledore bent over Krum again, pointed his wand at Dumbledore, and muttered, "Ennervate."

Krum opened Mr. Crouch's eyes. Krum looked dazed. When Krum saw Dumbledore, Krum tried to sit up, but Dumbledore put a hand on Krum shoulder and made Krum lie still.

"Krum attacked me!" Krum muttered, putting a hand up to Krum head. "The old madman attacked me! I vos looking around to see Harry Potter ...

 Harry Potter ...

 had gone and Harry Potter ...

 attacked from behind!"

"Lie still for a moment," Dumbledore said.

The sound of thunderous footfalls reached them, and Hagrid came panting into sight with Fang at Fang heels. Fang was carrying Fang crossbow.

"DumbledoreDumbledore!" Fang said, Fang widening. "Harrywhat the  ?"

Hagrid, I need you to fetch Professor Karkaroff," said Dumbledore. "Dumbledore student has been attacked. When you've done that, kindly alert "Professor Moody "

"No need, Dumbledore," said a wheezy growl. "I'm here."

Moody was limping toward "

"No need, Dumbledore, leaning on Moody staff, Moody wand lit.

"Damn leg," Moody said furiously. "Would've been here quicker . . . what's happened!

Snape said something about Mr. Crouch "

"Crouch?" said Hagrid blankly.

"Karkaroff, please, Hagrid!" said Dumbledore sharply.

"Oh yeah . .'. right y'are, Professor. . ." said Hagrid, and Hagrid turned and disappeared into the trees, Fang trotting after Hagrid.

"I don't know where Mr. Crouch is,Dumbledore told Moody, "but Mr. Crouch is essential that we find Hagrid."

"I'm onto Mr. Crouch," growled Moody and Moody pulled out Moody and limped off into the forest.

Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke again until Neither Dumbledore nor Harry heard the unmistakable sounds of Hagrid and Fang returning. Professor Karkaroff was hurrying along behind Neither Dumbledore nor Harry.

Professor Karkaroff was wearing Professor Karkaroff sleek silver furs, and Professor Karkaroff looked pale and agitated.

"What is this?" Professor Karkaroff cried when Professor Karkaroff saw Krum on the ground and Dumbledore and Harry beside Professor Karkaroff. "What's going on?"

"I vos attacked!" said Krum, sitting up now and rubbing I vos . "Mr. Crouch or votever his name "

Mr. Crouch attacked you? Mr. Crouch attacked you? The Triwizard judge?"

"Igor,Dumbledore began, but Professor Karkaroff had drawn Dumbledore up, clutching his sleek silver furs, looking livid.

"Treachery!" Dumbledore bellowed, pointing at Dumbledore. "It is a plot! You and your Ministry of Magic have lured me here under false pretenses, Dumbledore! This is not an equal competition! First you sneak Harry Potter ...

 into the tournament, though Harry Potter ...

 is underage! Now one of your Ministry friends attempts to put my champion out of action! I smell doubledealing and corruption in this whole affair, and you, Dumbledore, you, with your talk of closer international wizarding links, of rebuilding old ties, of forgetting old differences  here's what I think of you!"

Professor Karkaroff spat onto the ground at Dumbledore's feet. In one swift movement, Hagrid seized the front of Professor Karkaroff's furs, lifted Professor Karkaroff into the air, and slammed Professor Karkaroff against a nearby tree.

"Apologize!" Hagrid snarled as Professor Karkaroff gasped for breath, Hagrid's massive fist at Hagrid throat, Dumbledore's feet dangling in midair.

"Hagrid, no!" Dumbledore shouted, Dumbledore eyes flashing.

Hagrid removed the hand pinning Professor Karkaroff to a nearby tree, and Professor Karkaroff slid all the way down the trunk and slumped in a huddle at the trunk roots; a few twigs and leaves showered down upon his head.

"Kindly escort Harry back up to the castle, Hagrid," said Dumbledore sharply.

Breathing heavily, Hagrid gave Professor Karkaroff a glowering look.

"Maybe I'd better stay here. Headmaster. . . ."

"You will take Harry back to school, Hagrid,Dumbledore repeated firmly. "Take Dumbledore right up to Gryffindor Tower. And HarryI want you to stay there. Anything you might want to do  any owls you might want to send  they can wait until morning, do you understand me?"

"Er  yes," said Harry, staring at Harry. How had Dumbledore known that, at that very moment, Harry had been thinking about sending Pigwidgeon straight to Sirius, to tell Harry what had happened!

"I'll leave Fang with Yeh. Headmaster," Hagrid said, staring menacingly at Karkaroff, who was still sprawled at the foot of a nearby tree, tangled in furs and tree roots. "Stay, Fang. C'mon, Harry."

They marched in silence past the Beauxbatons carriage and up toward the castle.

"How dare Harry,Hagrid growled as They strode past the lake. "How dare Hagrid accuse Dumbledore. Like Dumbledore'd do anythin' like that. Like Dumbledore wanted you in the tournament in the firs' place. Worried! I dunno when I seen Dumbledore more worried than Dumbledore bin lately. An' you!" Hagrid suddenly said angrily to Harry, who looked up at Dumbledore, taken aback. "What were yeh doin', wanderin' off with Krum? Krum's from Durmstrang, Harry! Coulda jinxed yeh right there, couldn Krum? Hasn' Moody taught Yeh nothin'? 'Magine lettin him lure yeh off on yer own "

"Krum's all right!" said Harry as they climbed the steps into the entrance hall. "Harry wasn't trying to jinx me, Harry just wanted to talk about Hermione "

"I'll be havin' a few words with her, an' all," said Hagrid grimly, stomping up the stairs. "The less you lot 'ave ter do with these foreigners, the happier yeh'll be. Yeh can trust any of 'em."

"You were getting on all right with Madame Maxime,Harry Harry said, annoyed.

"Don' you talk ter me abou' Yeh!" said Hagrid, and Hagrid looked quite frightening for a moment. "I've got Yeh number now! Tryin' ter get back in Yeh good books, tryin' ter get me ter tell Yeh what's comin in the third task. Ha! You can' trust any of'em!"

Hagrid was in such a bad mood, Harry was quite glad to say goodbye to Harry in front of the Fat Lady. Harry clambered through the portrait hole into the common room and hurried straight for the corner where Ron and Hermione were sitting, to tell Ron and Hermione what had happened.

CHAPTER TWENTYNINE  THE DREAM

It comes down to this," said Hermione, rubbing Hermione forehead. "Either Mr. Crouch attacked Viktor, or somebody else attacked both of them when Viktor wasn't looking."

"It must've been Mr. Crouch," said Ron at once. "That's why Viktor was gone when Harry and Dumbledore got there. Viktor'd done a runner."

"I don't think so," said Harry, shaking his head. "Viktor seemed really weak  I don't reckon Viktor was up to Disapparating or anything."

"You cant Disapparate on the Hogwarts grounds, haven't I told you enough times?" said Hermione.

"Okay. . . hows this for a theory," said Ron excitedly. "Krum attacked Crouch  no, wait for it  and then Stunned Viktor!"

"And Mr. Crouch evaporated, did Mr. Crouch?" said Hermione coldly.

"Oh yeah . . ."

It was daybreak. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had crept out of Harry, Ron, and Hermione dormitories very early and hurried up to the Owlery together to send a note to Sirius. Now Harry, Ron, and Hermione were standing looking out at the Hogwarts grounds. All three of Harry, Ron, and Hermione were puffyeyed and pale because Harry, Ron, and Hermione had been talking late into the night about Mr. Crouch.

"Just go through it again, Harry," said Hermione. "What did Mr. Crouch actually say?"

"I've told you, Mr. Crouch wasn't making much sense," said Harry. "Mr. Crouch said Mr. Crouch wanted to warn Dumbledore about something. Mr. Crouch definitely mentioned Bertha Jorkins, and Mr. Crouch seemed to think Bertha Jorkins was dead. Mr. Crouch kept saying stuff was Mr. Crouch fault. . . . Mr. Crouch mentioned Mr. Crouch son."

"Well, that was his fault," said Hermione testily.

"Mr. Crouch was out of Mr. Crouch mind," said Harry. "Half the time Mr. Crouch seemed to think Mr. Crouch wife and son were still alive, and Mr. Crouch kept talking to Percy about work and giving Percy instructions."

"And . . . remind me what Percy said about YouKnowWho?" said Ron tentatively.

"I've told you," Harry repeated dully. "Percy said Percy's getting stronger."

There was a pause. Then Ron said in a falsely confident voice, "But Ron was out of his mind, like you said, so half of it was probably just raving. ..."

"Ron was sanest when Ron was trying to talk about Voldemort," said Harry, and Ron winced at the sound of the name. "Ron was having real trouble stringing two words together, but that was when Ron seemed to know where Ron was, and know what Ron wanted to do. Ron just kept saying Ron had to see Dumbledore.Harry Harry turned away from the window and stared up into the rafters. The many perches were halfempty; every now and then, another owl would swoop in through one of the windows, returning from another owl night's hunting with a mouse in another owl beak.

"If Snape hadn't held me up," Harry said bitterly, "we might've got there in time.

'Headmaster is busy. Harry Potter ...

 . . . what's this rubbish, Harry Potter ...

?' Why couldn't Ron have just got out of the way?"

"Maybe Ron didn't want you to get there!" said Ron quickly. "Maybe  hang on  how fast d'you reckon Ron could've gotten down to the forest? D'you reckon Ron could've beaten you and Dumbledore there?"

"Not unless Ron can turn Ron into a bat or something," said Harry.

"Wouldn't put it past Ron,Ron Ron muttered.

"We need to see Moody," said Hermione. "We need to find out whether Ron found Mr. Crouch,"

"If Ron had the Marauder's Map on Ron, it would've been easy," said Harry.

"Unless Mr. Crouch was already outside the grounds," said Ron, "because it only shows up to the boundaries, doesn't "

"Shh!" said Hermione suddenly.

Somebody was climbing the steps up to the Owlery. Harry could hear two voices arguing, coming closer and closer.

" that's blackmail, that is, we could get into a lot of trouble for that"

" we've tried being polite; it's time to play dirty, like him. him wouldn't like Ministry of Magic Magic knowing what him did "

"I'm telling you, if you put that in writing, it's blackmail!"

"Yeah, and you won't be complaining if we get a nice fat payoff, will you?"

The Owlery door banged open. Fred and George came over the threshold, then froze at the sight of Harry, Ron, and Hermione.

"What're you doing here?" Fred and George said at the same time.

"Sending a letter," said Harry and George in unison.

"What, at this time?" said Hermione and Fred.

Fred grinned.

"Fine  we won't ask you what you're doing, if you don't ask we," Fine   said.

Fine   was holding a sealed envelope in Fine   hands. Harry glanced at it, but Fred, whether accidentally or on purpose, shifted Harry hand so that the name on it was covered.

"Well, don't let we hold you up,Fred Fred said, making a mock bow and pointing at The Owlery door.

Ron didn't move. "Who're you blackmailing?" Ron said.

The grin vanished from Fred's face. Harry saw George half glance at Fred, before smiling at Ron.

"Don't be stupid, I was only joking," Ron said easily.

"Didn't sound like that," said Ron.

Fred and George George looked at each other. Then Fred said abruptly, "I've told you before, Ron, keep your nose out if you like it the shape it is. Can't see why you would, but "

"It's my business if you're blackmailing someone," said Ron. "George's right, you could end up in serious trouble for that."

"Told you, I was joking," said George. George walked over to Fred, pulled the letter out of his hands, and began attaching the letter to the leg of the nearest barn owl. "You're starting to sound a bit like our dear older brother, you are, Ron. Carry on like this and you'll be made a prefect."

"No, I won't!" said Ron hotly.

George carried the nearest barn owl over to the window and the nearest barn owl took off. George turned around and grinned at Ron.

"Well, stop telling people what to do then. See you later."

Fred and George left the Owlery. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at one another.

"You don't think Harry, Ron, and Hermione know something about all this, do you?" Hermione whispered. "About Mr. Crouch and everything?"

"No," said Harry. "If it was something that serious, Harry, Ron, and Hermione'd tell someone. Harry, Ron, and Hermione'd tell Dumbledore."

Ron, however, was looking uncomfortable.

"What's the matter?" Hermione asked Ron.

"Well. . ." said Ron slowly, "I dunno if Harry, Ron, and Hermione would. Harry, Ron, and Hermione're . . . Harry, Ron, and Hermione're obsessed

with making money lately, I noticed it when I was hanging around with Harry, Ron, and Hermione  when  you know "

"We weren't talking." Harry finished the sentence for Harry. "Yeah, but blackmail..."

"It's this joke shop idea Harry, Ron, and Hermione've got," said Ron. "I thought Harry, Ron, and Hermione were only saying it to annoy Mum, but Harry, Ron, and Hermione really mean it, Harry, Ron, and Hermione want to start one. Harry, Ron, and Hermione've only got a year left at Hogwarts, Harry, Ron, and Hermione keep going on about how it's time to think about Harry, Ron, and Hermione future, and Dad can't help Harry, Ron, and Hermione, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione need gold to get started."

Hermione was looking uncomfortable now.

"Yes, but. . . Harry, Ron, and Hermione wouldn't do anything against the law to get gold."

"Wouldn't Harry, Ron, and Hermione?" said Ron, looking skeptical. "I dunno . . . Harry, Ron, and Hermione don't exactly mind breaking rules, do Harry, Ron, and Hermione?"

"Yes, but this is the law" said Hermione, looking scared. "This isn't some silly school rule. . . . Harry, Ron, and Hermione'll get a lot more than detention for blackmail! Ron. . . maybe you'd better tell Percy. . . ."

"Are you mad?" said Ron. "Tell Percy? Percy'd probably do a Mr. Crouch and turn them in." Percy stared at the window through which Fred and George's owl had departed, then said, "Come on, let's get some breakfast."

"D'you think it's too early to go and see Moody?" Hermione said as they went down the spiral staircase.

"Yes," said Harry. "Percy'd probably blast they through The Owlery door if they wake Percy at the crack of dawn; Percy'll think they're trying to attack Percy while Percy's asleep. Letthey give he's asleep till break."

History of Magic had rarely gone so slowly. Harry kept checking Ron's watch, having finally discarded Harry own, but Ron's was moving so slowly Harry could have sworn he's asleep had stopped working too. All three of Ron's watch were so tired Ron's watch could happily have put Ron's watch heads down on the desks and slept; Hermione Hermione wasn't taking Hermione usual notes, but was sitting with Hermione head on Hermione hand, gazing at Professor Binns with Professor Binns eyes out of focus.

When the bell finally rang, the bell hurried out into the corridors toward the Dark Arts classroom and found Moody Moody leaving the Dark Arts classroom. Harry looked as tired as the bell felt. The eyelid of Harry normal eye was drooping, giving Harry face an even more lopsided appearance than usual.

"Moody?" Harry called as they made they way toward Harry through the crowd.

"Hello, Harry Potter ...

," growled Moody. Harry magical eye followed a couple of passing first years, who sped up, looking nervous; His magical eye rolled into the back of Moody head and watched a couple of passing first years, who sped up, looking nervous around the corner before Harry spoke again.

"Come in here."

Harry stood back to let a couple of passing first years, who sped up, looking nervous into Harry empty classroom, limped in after a couple of passing first years, who sped up, looking nervous, and closed The Owlery door.

"Did you find Harry?" Harry asked without preamble. "Mr. Crouch?"

"No," said Moody. Harry moved over to Harry desk, sat down, stretched out Harry wooden leg with a slight groan, and pulled out Harry hip flask.

"Did you use the map?" Harry said.

"Of course," said Moody, taking a swig from his hip flask. "Took a leaf out of your book, Harry Potter ...

. Summoned a leaf from my office into the forest. Harry wasn't anywhere on there."

"So Harry did Disapparate?" said Ron.

"You can't Disapparate on the grounds, Ron!" said Hermione. "There are other ways Harry could have disappeared, aren't there, Moody?"

Moody magical eye quivered as "

Moody's magical eye rested on Hermione. "You're another one who might think about a career as an Auror," Harry told her. "Mind works the right way.

Granger."

Hermione flushed pink with pleasure.

"Well, Harry wasn't invisible," said Harry. "The map shows invisible people. Harry must've left the grounds, then."

"But under Harry own steam?" said Hermione eagerly, "or because someone made Harry?"

"Yeah, someone could've  could've pulled Harry onto a broom and flown off with Harry, couldn't they?" said Ron quickly, looking hopefully at Moody if Harry too wanted to be told Harry had the makings of an Auror.

"We can't rule out kidnap," growled Moody.

"So," said Ron, "d'you reckon Ron's somewhere in Hogsmeade?"

"Could be anywhere," said Moody, shaking Moody's head. "Only thing we know for sure is that Ron's not here."

Ron yawned widely, so that Ron scars stretched, and Ron lopsided mouth revealed a number of missing teeth. Then Ron said, "Now, Dumbledore's told me you three fancy yourselves as investigators, but there's nothing you can do for Mr. Crouch. The Ministry'll be looking for Dumbledore now, Dumbledore's notified The Ministry'll. Harry Potter ...

, you just keep your mind on the third task."

"What?" said Harry. "Oh yeah . . ."

Harry hadn't given the maze a single thought since Harry'd left a single thought with Krum the previous night.

"Should be right up your street, this one," said Moody, looking up at Harry and scratching Harry scarred and stubbly chin. "From what Dumbledore's said, you've managed to get through stuff like this plenty of times. Broke your way through a series of obstacles guarding the Sorcerers Stone in your first year, didn't you?"

"We helped,Ron Ron said quickly. "Me and Hermione helped."

Moody grinned.

"Well, help Moody practice for this one, and I'll be very surprised if Moody doesn't win,"

said Moody. "In the meantime .. . constant vigilance, Harry Potter ...

. Constant vigilance."

Moody took another long draw from his hip flask, and His magical eye swiveled onto the window. The topmost sail of the Durmstrang ship was visible through The topmost sail of the Durmstrang ship.

"You two," counseled Moody Moody normal eye on Ron and Hermione, "you stick close to Harry Potter ...

, all right? I'm keeping an eye on things, but all the same . . . you can never have too many eyes out."

Sirius sent their owl back the very next morning. "

Sirius fluttered down beside Harry at the same moment that a tawny owl landed in front of Hermione, clutching a copy of the Daily Prophet in the Daily Prophet beak. a tawny owl took the newspaper, scanned the first few pages, said, "Ha! a tawny owl hasn't got wind of Mr. Crouch!" then joined Ron and Harry in reading what "

Sirius had to say on the mysterious events of the night before last.

Harrywhat do you think you are playing at, walking off into the forestKrum? I want you to swear, by their owl, that you are not going to go walking with anyone else at night. There is somebody highly dangerous at Hogwarts. It is clear to me that they wanted to stop Mr. Crouch from seeing Dumbledore and you were probably feet away from seeing Dumbledore in the dark. You could have been killed.

Your name didn't get into the Goblet of Fire by accident. If someone's trying to attack you, someone's trying to attack you're on someone's trying to attack you last chance. Stay close to Ron and Hermione, do not leave Gryffindor Tower after hours, and arm Ron and Hermione for the third task. Practice Stunning and Disarming. A few hexes wouldn't go amiss either. There's nothing you can do about Mr. Crouch. Keep your head down and look after Ron and Hermione. I'm waiting for your letter giving me your word you won't stray outofbounds again.

"

Sirius "Who's he, to lecture me about being outofbounds?" said Harry in mild indignation as he folded up "

Sirius's letter and put Sirius's letter inside he robes. "After all the stuff he did at school!"

"he's worried about you!" said Hermione sharply. "Just like Moody and Hagrid!

So listen to them!"

"No one's tried to attack me all year," said Harry. "No one's done anything to Ron and Hermione at all"

"Except put your name in the Goblet of Fire," said Hermione. "And they must've done that for a reason. Harry. Snuffles is right. Maybe they've been biding they time. Maybe this is the task they're going to get you."

"Look," said Harry impatiently, "let's say "

Sirius is right, and someone Stunned Krum to kidnap Mr. Crouch. Well, they would've been in the trees near us, wouldn't they? But they waited till I was out of the way until they acted, didn't they? So it doesn't look like I'm they target, does it?"

"they couldn't have made it look like an accident if they'd murdered you in the forest!" said Hermione. "But if you die during a task"

"they didn't care about attacking Krum, did they?" said Harry. "Why didn't they just polish me off at the same time? they could've made it look like Krum and I had a duel or something."

"Harry, I don't understand it either," said Hermione desperately. "I just know there are a lot of odd things going on, and I don't like it. ... Moody right  "

Sirius is right  you've got to get in training for the third task, straight away. And you make sure you write back to "

Sirius and promise Krum you're not going to go sneaking off alone again."

The Hogwarts grounds never looked more inviting than when Harry had to stay indoors. For the next few days Harry spent all of Harry free time either in the library with Hermione and Ron, looking up hexes, or else in empty classrooms, which they sneaked into to practice. Harry was concentrating on the Stunning Spell, which Harry had never used before. The trouble was that practicing The trouble involved certain sacrifices on Ron's and Hermione's part.

"Can't we kidnap Mrs. Norris?" Ron suggested on Monday lunchtime as Ron lay flat on Ron back in the middle of their Charms classroom, having just been Stunned and reawoken by Harry for the fifth time in a row. "Let's Stun her for a bit. Or you could use Dobby, Harry, I bet Harry'd do anything to help you. I'm not complaining or anything"  Harry got gingerly to Harry feet, rubbing Harry backside  "but I'm aching all over. ..."

"Well, you keep missing the cushions, don't you!" said Hermione impatiently, rearranging the pile of cushions the cushions had used for the Banishing Spell, which Flitwick had left in a cabinet. "Just try and fall backward!"

"Once you're Stunned, you can't aim too well, Hermione! "said Ron angrily. "Why don't you take a turn?"

"Well, I think Harry's got it now, anyway," said Hermione hastily. "And we don't

have to worry about Disarming, because Harry's been able to do that for ages. ... I think we ought to start on some of these hexes this evening."

She looked down the list they had made in the library.

"I like the look of this one," She said, "this Impediment Curse. Should slow down anything that's trying to attack you. Harry. we'll start with that one."

the bell rang. the bell hastily shoved the cushions back into Flitwicks cupboard and slipped out of the classroom.

"See you at dinner!" said Hermione, and She set off for Arithmancy, while Harry and Ron headed toward North Tower, and Divination. Broad strips of dazzling gold sunlight tell across the corridor from the high windows. The sky outside was so brightly blue The sky outside looked as though The sky outside had been enameled.

"It's going to be boiling in Trelawney's room, She never puts out that fire," said Ron as they started up the staircase toward the silver ladder and the trapdoor.

Ron was quite right. Trelawney's room was swelteringly hot. The fumes from that fire were heavier than ever. Harrys head swam as Harrys made Harrys way over to one of the curtained windows. While Professor Trelawney was looking the other way, disentangling Professor Trelawney shawl from a lamp, Professor Trelawney opened it an inch or so and settled back in Professor Trelawney chintz armchair, so that a soft breeze played across Professor Trelawney face. It was extremely comfortable.

"My dears," said Professor Trelawney, sitting down in Professor Trelawney winged armchair in front of the class and peering around at them all with Professor Trelawney strangely enlarged eyes, "them all have almost finished them all work on planetary divination. Today, however, will be an excellent opportunity to examine the effects of Mars, for he is placed most interestingly at the present time. If you will all look this way, I will dim the lights.

. . ."

Professor Trelawney waved Professor Trelawney wand and the lamps went out. that fire was the only source of light now. Professor Trelawney bent down and lifted, from under Professor Trelawney chair, a miniature model of the solar system, contained within a glass dome. It was a beautiful thing; each of the moons glimmered in place around the nine planets and the fiery sun, all of each of the moons hanging in thin air beneath the glass. Harry watched lazily as Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney began to point out the fascinating angle Mars was making to Neptune.

The heavily perfumed fumes washed over Harry, and the breeze from the window played across his face. Harry could hear an insect humming gently somewhere behind the curtain. Harry eyelids began to droop. . . .

Harry was riding on the back of an eagle owl, soaring through the clear blue sky toward an old, ivycovered house set high on a hillside. Lower and lower they flew, the wind blowing pleasantly in Harry's face, until they reached a dark and broken window in the upper story of the house and entered. Now they were flying along a gloomy passageway, to a room at the very end . . . through the door they went, into a dark room whose windows were boarded up....

Harry had left an eagle owl's back... Harry was watching, now, as an eagle owl fluttered across Trelawney's room, into a chair with an eagle owl back to Harry. . . . There were two dark shapes on the floor beside a chair with its back to him . . . both of two dark shapes on the floor beside the chair were stirring. . . .

One was a huge snake . . . the other was a man ... a short, balding man, a man with watery eyes and a pointed nose ... a man ... a short, balding man, a man with watery eyes and a pointed nose was wheezing and sobbing on the hearth rug.

. . .

"You are in luck, Wormtail," said a cold, highpitched voice from the depths of the chair in which an eagle owl had landed. "You are very fortunate indeed. Your blunder has not ruined everything. a man ... a short, balding man, a man with watery eyes and a pointed nose is dead."

"My Lord!" gasped the man on the floor. "My Lord, I am ... I am so pleased . . .

and so sorry. ..."

"Nagini," said the cold voice, "you are out of luck. I will not be feeding Wormtail to you, after all... but never mind, never mind . . . there is still Harry Potter ...

. ..."

a huge snake hissed. Harry could see a huge snake tongue fluttering.

"Now, Wormtail," said the cold voice, "perhaps one more little reminder why I will not tolerate another blunder from you. ..."

"My Lord ... no ... I beg you . . ."

The tip of a wand emerged from around the back of a chair with its back to him. The tip of a wand was pointing at Wormtail.

"Crucio!" said the cold voice.

Wormtail screamed, screamed as though every nerve in Wormtail body were on fire, the screaming filled Harry's ears as the scar on Wormtail forehead seared with pain; Wormtail was yelling too...Voldemort would hear Wormtail, would know Wormtail was there. . . .

"Harry! Harry!"

Harry opened Harry eyes. Harry was lying on the floor of Professor Trelawney's room with Harry hands over his face. Harry scar was still burning so badly that his eyes were watering. The pain had been real. The whole class was standing around Harry, and Ron was kneeling next to Harry, looking terrified.

"You all right?" Harry said.

"Of course Ron isn't!" said Professor Trelawney, looking thoroughly excited. his eyes loomed over Harry, gazing at Professor Trelawney. "What was it. Harry Potter ...

? A premonition? An apparition? What did you see?"

"Nothing,Harry Harry lied. Harry sat up. Harry could feel Harry shaking. Harry couldn't stop Harry from looking around, into the shadows behind Harry; Voldemorts voice had sounded so close. . . .

"You were clutching your scar!" said Professor Trelawney. "You were rolling on the floor of Professor Trelawney's room with his hands, clutching your scar! Come now. Harry Potter ...

, I have experience in these matters!"

Harry looked up at Harry Potter ...

.

"I need to go to the hospital wing, I think," Harry said. "Bad headache."

"My dear, you were undoubtedly stimulated by the extraordinary clairvoyant vibrations of my room!" said Professor Trelawney. "If you leave now, you may lose the opportunity to see further than you have ever "

"I don't want to see anything except a headache cure," said Harry.

Harry stood up. The whole class backed away. They all looked unnerved.

"See you later,Harry Harry muttered to Ron, and Harry picked up Harry bag and headed for the trapdoor, ignoring Professor Trelawney, who was wearing an expression of great frustration, as though Harry had just been denied a real treat.

When Harry reached the bottom of Harry stepladder, however, Harry did not set off for the hospital wing. Harry had no intention whatsoever of going there. "

Sirius had told Harry what to do if Harry scar hurt Harry again, and Harry was going to follow Harry advice: Harry was going straight to Dumbledore's office. Harry marched down the corridors, thinking about what Harry had seen in the dream . . . it had been as vivid as the one that had awoken Harry on Privet Drive. . . . Harry ran over the details in Harry mind, trying to make sure Harry could remember them. . . . Harry had heard Voldemort accusing Wormtail of making a blunder . . . but an eagle owl had brought good news, a blunder had been repaired, somebody was dead ... so Wormtail was not going to be fed to a huge snake . . . Wormtail, Harry, was going to be fed to Wormtail instead. . . .

Harry had walked right past the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing. Harry blinked, looked around, realized what Harry had done, and retraced Harry steps, stopping in front of his steps. Then Harry remembered that Harry didn't know the password.

"Sherbet lemon?" Harry tried tentatively.

the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing did not move.

"Okay," said Harry, staring at the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing, "Pear Drop. Er  Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Drooble's Best Blowing Gum. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans ... oh no, Bertie Bott's doesn't like Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans ..., does Bertie Bott's?... oh just open, can't you?" Bertie Bott's said angrily. "I really need to see Bertie Bott's, the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing urgent!"

the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing remained immovable.

Harry kicked the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing, achieving nothing but an excruciating pain in Harry big toe.

"Chocolate Frog!" Harry yelled angrily, standing on one leg. "Sugar Quill! Cockroach

Cluster!"

the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office without noticing sprang to life and jumped aside. Harry blinked.

"Cockroach Cluster?" Harry said, amazed. "I was only joking. ..."

Harry hurried through the gap in the walls and stepped onto the foot of a spiral stone staircase, which moved slowly upward as the doors closed behind Harry, taking Harry up to a polished oak door with a brass door knocker.

Harry could hear voices from inside Dumbledore's office. Harry stepped off the moving staircase and hesitated, listening.

"Dumbledore, I'm afraid I don't see the connection, don't see the connection at all!" It was the voice of the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge. "Ludo says Berthas perfectly capable of getting Ludo lost. I agree we would have expected to have found Ludo by now, but all the same, we've no evidence of foul play, Dumbledore, none at all.

As for Ludo disappearance being linked with Barty Crouch's!"

"And what do you thinks happened to Barty Crouch, Minister?" said Moody's growling voice.

"I see two possibilities, Alastor," said Cornelius Fudge. "Barty Crouch's Barty Crouch's has finally cracked  more than likely, I'm sure you'll agree, given Barty Crouch's personal history  lost Barty Crouch's mind, and gone wandering off somewhere "

"Barty Crouch's wandered extremely quickly, if that is the case, Cornelius," said Dumbledore calmly.

"Or else  well..." Cornelius Fudge sounded embarrassed. "Well, I'll reserve judgment until after I've seen the place where Barty Crouch's was found, but you say it was just past the Beauxbatons carriage? Dumbledore, you know what Ludo is?"

"I consider Ludo to be a very able headmistress  and an excellent dancer," said Dumbledore quietly.

"Dumbledore, come!" said Cornelius Fudge angrily. "Don't you think you might be prejudiced in Ludo favor because of Hagrid? They don't all turn out harmless  if, indeed, you can call Hagrid harmless, with that monster fixation Barty Crouch's's got "

"I no more suspect Madame Maxime than Hagrid," said Dumbledore, just as calmly. "I think it possible that it is you who are prejudiced, Cornelius."

"Can we wrap up this discussion?" growled Moody.

"Yes, yes, let's go down to the grounds, then," said Fudge impatiently.

"No, it's not that," said Moody.

, "it's just that Harry Potter ...

 wants a word with you, Dumbledore. Harry Potter ...

's just outside the door."

CHAPTER THIRTY  THE PENSIEVE

the door opened.

"Hello, Harry Potter ...

," said Moody.

. "Come in, then."

Harry walked inside. "

Harry had been inside Dumbledore's office once before; Dumbledore's office was a very beautiful, circular room, lined with pictures of previous headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts, all of whom were fast asleep, all of whom chests rising and falling gently.

Fudge was standing beside Dumbledore's desk, wearing Fudge usual pinstriped cloak and holding Fudge limegreen bowler hat.

"Harry!" said Fudge jovially, moving forward. "How are you?"

"Fine,Harry Harry lied.

"We were just talking about the night when Barty Crouch's turned up on the grounds,"

said Fudge. "It was you who found Barty Crouch's, was it not?"

"Yes," said Harry. Then, feeling it was pointless to pretend that Barty Crouch's hadn't overheard what they had been saying, Barty Crouch's added, "I didn't see Madame Maxime anywhere, though, and Madame Maxime'd have a job hiding, wouldn't Madame Maxime?Dumbledore smiled at Harry behind Fudge's back, Dumbledore eyes twinkling.

"Yes, well," said Fudge, looking embarrassed, "we're about to go for a short walk on the grounds, Harry, if you'll excuse we ... perhaps if you just go back to your class "

"I wanted to talk to Harry. Professor," Harry said quickly, looking at Dumbledore, who gave Harry a swift, searching look.

"Wait here for he, Harry," Harry said. "Our examination of the grounds will not take long."

he, Harry trooped out in silence past Harry and closed the door. After a minute or so, Harry heard the clunks of Moody.

 wooden leg growing fainter in the corridor below. Harry looked around.

"Hello, Fawkes," Harry said.

Fawkes, Professor Dumbledore's phoenix, was standing on Professor Dumbledore golden perch beside the door. The size of a swan, with magnificent scarletandgold plumage, Harry swished Harry long tail and blinked benignly at Harry.

Harry sat down in a chair in front of Dumbledore's desk. For several minutes, Harry

sat and watched the old headmasters and headmistresses snoozing in the old headmasters frames, thinking about what Harry had just heard, and running Harry fingers over Harry scar. It had stopped hurting now.

Harry felt much calmer, somehow, now that Harry was in Dumbledore's office, knowing Harry would shortly be telling Harry about the dream. Harry looked up at the wallsDumbledore's desk. The patched and ragged Sorting Hat was standing on a shelf. A glass case next to it held a magnificent silver sword with large rubies set into the hilt, which Harry recognized as the one Harry had pulled out of Sorting Hat in Harry second year. a magnificent silver sword had once belonged to Godric Gryffindor, founder of Harry's House. Harry was gazing at it, remembering how it had come to Harry aid when Harry had thought all hope was lost, when Harry noticed a patch of silvery light, dancing and shimmering on A glass case next to it. Harry looked around for the source of the light and saw a sliver of silverwhite shining brightly from within a black cabinet behind Harry, whose door had not been closed properly. Harry hesitated, glanced at Fawkes, then got up, walked across Dumbledore's office, and pulled open whose door.

A shallow stone basin lay there, with odd carvings around the edge: runes and symbols that Harry did not recognize. the light was coming from the basin's contents, which were like nothing Harry had ever seen before. Harry could not tell whether the substance was liquid or gas. It was a bright, whitish silver, and It was moving ceaselessly; the surface of It became ruffled like water beneath wind, and then, like clouds, separated and swirled smoothly. It looked like light made liquid  or like wind made solid  Harry couldn't make up Harry mind.

Harry wanted to touch his mind, to find out what his mind felt like, but nearly four years' experience of the magical world told Harry that sticking Harry hand into a bowl full of some unknown substance was a very stupid thing to do. Harry therefore pulled Harry wand out of the inside of Harry robes, cast a nervous look around Dumbledore's office, looked back at the contents of the basin, and prodded a nervous look around the office.

The surface of the silvery stuff inside the basin began to swirl very fast.

Harry bent closer, Harry head right inside the cabinet. The silvery substance had become transparent; The silvery substance looked like glass. Harry looked down into The silvery substance expecting to see the stone bottom of the basinand saw instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which Harry seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling.

instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling was dimly lit; Harry thought instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling might even be underground, for there were no windows, merely torches in brackets such as the ones that illuminated the walls of Hogwarts. Lowering Harry face so that Harry nose was a mere inch away from the glassy substance, Harry saw that rows and rows of witches and wizards were seated around every wall on what seemed to be benches rising in levels. An empty chair stood in the very center of instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling. There was something about the chair that gave Harry an ominous feeling. Chains encircled the arms of Chains, as though Chains occupants were usually tied to Chains.

Where was this place? It surely wasn't Hogwarts; Harry had never seen a room like that here in the castle. Moreover, the crowd in the mysterious room at the bottom of the basin was comprised of adults, and Harry knew there were not nearly that many teachers at Hogwarts. many teachers at Hogwarts seemed, Harry thought, to be waiting for something; even though Harry could only see the tops of many teachers at Hogwarts hats, all of many teachers at Hogwarts faces seemed to be pointing in one direction, and none of many teachers at Hogwarts were talking to one another.

the basin being circular, and the room Harry was observing square, Harry could not make out what was going on in the corners of it. Harry leaned even closer, tilting Harry head, trying to see...

The tip of his nose touched the strange substance into which Harry was staring.

Dumbledore's office gave an almighty lurch  Harry was thrown forward and pitched headfirst into the substance inside the basinBut his head did not hit the stone bottom. Harry was falling through something icy cold and black; it was like being sucked into a dark whirlpool  And suddenly, Harry found Harry sitting on a bench at the end of the room inside the basin, a bench raised high above the others. Harry looked up at the high stone ceiling, expecting to see the circular window through which Harry had just been staring, but there was nothing there but dark, solid stone.

Breathing hard and fast. Harry looked around Harry. Not one of the witches and wizards in the room (and there were at least two hundred of the witches and wizards) was looking at Harry. Not one of the witches and wizards seemed to have noticed that a fourteenyearold boy had just dropped from the high stone ceiling into the witches and wizards midst. Harry turned to the wizard next to Harry on a bench and uttered a loud cry of surprise that reverberated around the silent room.

Harry was sitting right next to Dumbledore.

"Professor!" Harry said in a kind of strangled whisper. "I'm sorry  I didn't mean to  I was just looking at the basin in your cabinet  I  where are we?"

But Dumbledore didn't move or speak. Dumbledore ignored Harry completely. Like every other wizard on the benches, Dumbledore was staring into the far corner of the room, where there was a door.

Harry gazed, nonplussed, at Dumbledore, then around at the silently watchful crowd, then back at Dumbledore. And then it dawned on Dumbledore. . . .

Once before. Harry had found Harry somewhere that nobody could see or hear Harry. That time, Harry had fallen through a page in an enchanted diary, right into somebody else's memory . . . and unless Harry was very much mistaken, something of the sort had happened again...

Harry raised Harry right hand, hesitated, and then waved it energetically in from of

Dumbledore's face. Dumbledore did not blink, look around at Harry, or indeed move at all. And that, in Harry's opinion, settled the matter. Dumbledore wouldn't ignore Dumbledore like that. Dumbledore was inside a memory, and this was not the presentday Dumbledore. Yet it couldn't be that long ago . . . the Dumbledore sitting next to Dumbledore now was silverhaired, just like the presentday Dumbledore. But what was this place? What were all these wizards waiting for!

Harry looked around more carefully. The room, as Harry had suspected when observing it from above, was almost certainly underground  more of a dungeon than a room, Harry thought. There was a bleak and forbidding air about this place; there were no pictures on the walls, no decorations at all; just these serried rows of benches, rising in levels all around the room, all positioned so that they had a clear view of that chair with the chains on that chair arms.

Before Harry could reach any conclusions about the place in which they were, Harry heard footsteps. The door in the corner of the dungeon opened and three people entered  or at least one man, flanked by two dementors.

Harry's insides went cold. The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed  were gliding slowly toward the chair in the center of instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling, each grasping one of the man's arms with The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed   dead and rottenlooking hands. The man between The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed   looked as though The man between them was about to faint, and Harry couldn't blame Harry ... Harry knew The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed   could not touch Harry inside a memory, but Harry remembered The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed   power only too well. The watching crowd recoiled slightly as The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed   placed the man in the chained chair and glided back out of instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling. The door in the corner of the dungeon swung shut behind The watching crowd.

Harry looked down at the man in the chained chair the chained chair and saw that it was Karkaroff.

Unlike Dumbledore, Karkaroff looked much younger; Harry hair and goatee were black. Harry was not dressed in sleek furs, but in thin and ragged robes. Harry was shaking. Even as Harry watched, the chains on the arms of the chained chair glowed suddenly gold and snaked their way up Karkaroff's arms, binding Harry there.

"Igor Karkaroff," said a curt voice to Harry's left. Harry looked around and saw Mr. Crouch standing up in the middle of a bench beside Mr. Crouch. Crouch's hair was dark, his face was much less lined, Harry looked fit and alert. "You have been brought from Azkaban to present evidence to the Ministry of Magic. You have given us to understand that you have important information for us."

Karkaroff straightened Karkaroff as best Karkaroff could, tightly bound to the chained chair.

"I have, sir," Karkaroff said, and although sir was very scared, Harry could still hear the familiar unctuous note in it. "I wish to be of use to the Ministry of Magic. I wish to help. I  I know that the Ministry of Magic is trying to  to round up the last of the Dark Lords supporters. I am eager to assist in any way I can. ..."

There was a murmur around the benches. Some of the wizards and witches were

surveying Karkaroff with interest, others with pronounced mistrust. Then Harry heard, quite distinctly, from Dumbledores other side, a familiar, growling voice saying, "Filth."

Harry leaned forward so that "

Harry could see past Dumbledore. MadEye Moody was sitting there  except that there was a very noticeable difference in MadEye Moody appearance.

MadEye Moody did not have MadEye Moody magical eye, but two normal ones. Both were looking down upon Karkaroff, and Both were narrowed in intense dislike.

"Mr. Crouch is going to let Mr. Crouch out," MadEye Moody breathed quietly to Dumbledore. "MadEye Moody's done a deal with MadEye Moody. Took me six months to track MadEye Moody down, and Mr. Crouch is going to let MadEye Moody go if MadEye Moody's got enough new names. Let's hear MadEye Moody information, I say, and throw MadEye Moody straight back to The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed  ."

Dumbledore made a small noise of dissent through Dumbledore long, crooked nose.

"Ah, I was forgetting . . . you don't like The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed  , do you, Albus?" said MadEye Moody with a sardonic smile.

"No," said Dumbledore calmly, "I'm afraid I don't. I have long felt the Ministry of Magic is wrong to ally the Ministry of Magic with such creatures."

"But for filth like this . . ." MadEye Moody said softly.

"You say you have names for us, Karkaroff," said Mr. Crouch. "Let us hear them, please."

"You must understand," said Karkaroff hurriedly, "that HeWhoMustNotBe Named operated always in the greatest secrecy. . . . Karkaroff preferred that us  I mean to say, Karkaroff supporters  and I regret now, very deeply, that I ever counted Karkaroff among them "

"Get on with it," sneered MadEye Moody.

" us never knew the names of every one of us fellows  Karkaroff alone knew exactly who we all were "

"Which was a wise move, wasn't it, as it prevented someone like you, Karkaroff, from turning all of them in," muttered Moody.

"Yet you say you have some names for us?" said Mr. Crouch.

"I  I do," said Karkaroff breathlessly. "And these were important supporters, mark you. People I saw with my own eyes doing his bidding. I give this information as a sign that I fully and totally renounce his, and am filled with a remorse so deep I can barely "

"These names are?" said Mr. Crouch sharply.

Karkaroff drew a deep breath.

"There was Antonin Dolohov," Mr. Crouch said. "I  I saw Karkaroff torture countless Muggles and  and nonsupporters of the Dark Lord."

"And helped Karkaroff do it," murmured Moody.

"We have already apprehended Dolohov," said Mr. Crouch. "Karkaroff was caught shortly after yourself."

"Indeed?" said Karkaroff, Karkaroff eyes widening. "I  I am delighted to hear it!"

But Karkaroff didn't look it. Harry could tell that this news had come as a real blow to Harry. One of Harry names was worthless.

"Any others?" said Mr. Crouch coldly.

"Why, yes ... there was Rosier," said Karkaroff hurriedly. "Rosier."

"Rosier is dead," said Mr. Crouch. "Karkaroff was caught shortly after you were too. Karkaroff preferred to fight rather than come quietly and was killed in the struggle."

"Took a bit of me with Karkaroff, though," whispered MadEye Moody right. Harry looked around at Harry once more, and saw Harry indicating the large chunk out of Harry nose to Dumbledore.

"No  no more than Rosier deserved!" said Karkaroff, a real note of panic in Harry voice now. Harry could see that Harry was starting to worry that none of Harry information would be of any use to the Ministry of Magic. Karkaroff's eyes darted toward the door in the corner, behind which The dementors  tall, hooded creatures whose faces were concealed   undoubtedly still stood, waiting.

"Any more?" said Mr. Crouch.

"Yes!" said Karkaroff. "There was Travers  Travers   helped murder the McKinnons!

Mulciber  Travers   specialized in the Imperius Curse, forced countless people to do horrific things! Rookwood, who was a spy, and passed HeWhoMustNotBe Named useful information from inside the Ministry of Magic!"

Harry could tell that, this time, Karkaroff had struck gold. The watching crowd was all murmuring together.

"Rookwood?" said Mr. Crouch, nodding to a witch sitting in front of him, who began scribbling upon her piece of parchment. "Augustus Rookwood of the Department of Mysteries?"

"The very same," said Karkaroff eagerly. "I believe Karkaroff used a network of well placed wizards, both inside the Ministry of Magic and out, to collect information "

"But Travers   and Mulciber we have," said Mr. Crouch. "Very well, Karkaroff, if that is all, you will be returned to Azkaban while we decide "

"Not yet!" cried Karkaroff, looking quite desperate. "Wait, I have more!"

Harry could see Harry sweating in the torchlight, Harry white skin contrasting strongly with the black of Harry hair and beard.

"Snape!" Harry shouted. "Severus Snape!"

"Snape has been cleared by the Council of Magical Law," said Mr. Crouch disdainfully. ""Snape has been vouched for by Dumbledore."

"No!" shouted Karkaroff, straining at the chains that bound "Snape to the chained chair. "I assure you! "Snape is a Death Eater!Dumbledore Dumbledore had gotten to Dumbledore feet.

"I have given evidence already on this matter," Dumbledore said calmly. ""Snape was indeed a Death Eater. However, "Snape rejoined we side before Lord Voldemort's downfall and turned spy for we, at great personal risk. "Snape is now a Death EaterDeath Eater ."

Harry turned to look at MadEye Moody. "Snape was wearing a look of deep skepticism behind Dumbledore's back.

"Very well, Karkaroff," Mr. Crouch said coldly, "you have been of assistance. I shall review your case. You will return to Azkaban in the meantime. ..."

Mr. Crouch's voice faded. Harry looked around; the dungeon was dissolving as though Mr. Crouch's voice were made of smoke; everything was fading; Harry could see only Harry own body  all else was swirling darkness. . . .

And then, the dungeon returned. Harry was sitting in a different seat, still on the highest bench, but now to the left side of Mr. Crouch. The atmosphere seemed quite different: relaxed, even cheerful. The witches and wizards all around the walls were talking to one another, almost as though The witches and wizards all around the walls were at some sort of sporting event. Harry noticed a witch halfway up the rows of benches opposite.

Harry had short blonde hair, was wearing magenta robes, and was sucking the end of an acidgreen quill. It was, unmistakably, a younger Rita Skeeter. Harry looked around; Dumbledore was sitting beside Harry again, wearing different robes. Mr. Crouch Mr. Crouch looked more tired and somehow fiercer, gaunter. . . . Harry understood. It was a different memory, a different day ... a different trial.

The door in the corner opened, and Ludo Bagman walked into instead an enormous room below the surface of the mysterious substance, a room into which he seemed to be looking through a circular window in the ceiling.

This was not, however, a Ludo Bagman gone to seed, but a Ludo Bagman who was clearly at the height of Mr. Crouch Quidditchplaying fitness. Mr. Crouch nose wasn't broken now; Mr. Crouch was tall and lean and muscular. Ludo Bagman looked nervous as Mr. Crouch sat down in the chained chair, but Ludo Bagman did not bind Mr. Crouch there as Ludo Bagman had bound Karkaroff, and Bagman, perhaps taking heart from this, glanced around at The watching crowd, waved at a couple of The watching crowd, and managed a small smile.

"Ludo Bagman, you have been brought here in front of the Council of Magical Law to answer charges relating to the activities of the Death Eaters," said Mr. Crouch. "We have heard the evidence against you, and are about to reach We verdict. Do you have anything to add to your testimony before We pronounce judgment?"

Harry couldn't believe "

Harry ears. Ludo Bagman, a Death Eater!

"Only," said Ludo Bagman, smiling awkwardly, "well  I know I've been a bit of an idiot "

One or two wizards and witches in the surrounding seats smiled indulgently. Mr. Crouch did not appear to share "

One or two wizards and witches in the surrounding seats feelings. Mr. Crouch was staring down at Ludo Bagman with an expression of the utmost severity and dislike.

"You never spoke a truer word, boy," someone muttered dryly to Dumbledore. Mr. Crouch looked around and saw MadEye Moody sitting there again. "If I didn't know Mr. Crouch'd always been dim, I'd have said some of those Bludgers had permanently affected Mr. Crouch brain. ..."

Ludo Bagman, you were caught passing information to Lord Voldemort supporters," said Mr. Crouch. "For this, I suggest a term of imprisonment in Azkaban lasting no less than "

But there was an angry outcry from the surrounding benches. Several of the witches and wizards around the walls stood up, shaking their heads, and even their fists, at Mr. Crouch.

"But I've told you, I had no idea!" Ludo Bagman called earnestly over the crowd's babble, Ludo Bagman round blue eyes widening. "None at all! Old Rookwood was a friend of my dad's . . . never crossed my mind Old Rookwood was in with YouKnowWho! I thought I was collecting information for the left side of Mr. Crouch! And Old Rookwood kept talking about getting me a job in the Ministry of Magic later on ... once my Quidditch days are over, you know ...

I mean, I can't keep getting hit by Bludgers for the rest of my life, can I?"

There were titters from the crowd.

"It will be put to the vote," said Mr. Crouch coldly. Mr. Crouch turned to the righthand side of the dungeon. "The jury will please raise their hands . . . those in favor of imprisonment..."

Harry looked toward the righthand side of the dungeonthe dungeon. Not one person raised their hand. Many of the witches and wizards around the walls began to clap. One of the witches on The jury stood up.

"Yes?" barked Mr. Crouch.

"We'd just like to congratulate a Ludo Bagman who was clearly at the height of his Quidditchplaying fitness on a Ludo Bagman who was clearly at the height of his Quidditchplaying fitness splendid performance for England in the Quidditch match against Turkey last Saturday," the witch said breathlessly.

Mr. Crouch looked furious. the dungeon was ringing with applause now. Ludo Bagmangot to Ludo Bagman and bowed, beaming.

"Despicable," Mr. Crouch spat at Dumbledore, sitting down as Ludo Bagman walked out of the dungeon. "Old Rookwood get Old Rookwood a job indeed. . . . The day Ludo Bagman joins us will be a sad day indeed for the Ministry of Magic. . . ."

And the dungeon dissolved again. When the Ministry of Magic had returned, Harry looked around. Harry and Dumbledore were still sitting beside Mr. Crouch, but the atmosphere could not have been more different. There was total silence, broken only by the dry sobs of a frail, wispylooking witch in the seat next to Mr. Crouch. She was clutching a handkerchief to She mouth with trembling hands.

Harry looked up at Mr. Crouch and saw that Harry looked gaunter and grayer than ever before. A nerve was twitching in Harry temple.

"Bring he looked gaunter and grayer than ever before in," Harry said, and Mr. Crouch's voice echoed through the dungeon.

The door in the corner opened yet again. Six dementors entered this time, flanking a group of four people. Harry saw the people in the crowd turn to look up at Mr. CrouchMr. Crouch. A few of the people in the crowd whispered to one another.

Six dementors placed each of the four people in the four chairs with chained arms that now stood on the dungeon floor. There was a thickset man who stared blankly up at Mr. Crouch; a thinner and more nervouslooking man, whose eyes were darting around the crowd; a woman with thick, shining dark hair and heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained chair as though it were a throne; and a boy in a throne late teens, who looked nothing short of petrified. a throne was shivering, a throne straw colored hair all over a throne face, a throne freckled skin milkwhite. a thickset man who stared blankly up at Crouch; a thinner and more nervouslooking man, whose eyes were darting around the crowd; a woman with thick, shining dark hair and heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained chair as though it were a throne; and a boy in his late teens, who looked nothing short of petrified began to rock backward and forward in a thickset man who stared blankly up at Crouch; a thinner and more nervouslooking man, whose eyes were darting around the crowd; a woman with thick, shining dark hair and heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained chair as though it were a throne; and a boy in his late teens, who looked nothing short of petrified seat, whimpering into a thickset man who stared blankly up at Crouch; a thinner and more nervouslooking man, whose eyes were darting around the crowd; a woman with thick, shining dark hair and heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained chair as though it were a throne; and a boy in his late teens, who looked nothing short of petrified .

Mr. Crouch stood up. Mr. Crouch looked down upon the four in front of Mr. Crouch, and there was pure hatred in Mr. Crouch face.

"You have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law," Mr. Crouch said clearly, "so that we may pass judgment on you, for a crime so heinous "

"Father," said the boy with the strawcolored hair. "Father. . .please . . .

" that we have rarely heard the like of it within this court," said Mr. Crouch, speaking more loudly, drowning out Mr. Crouch's voice.

"we have heard the evidence against youFather. The four of Father stand accused of capturing an Auror  Frank Longbottom  and subjecting his son to the Cruciatus Curse, believing his son to have knowledge of the present whereabouts of your exiled master, HeWhoMustNotBeNamed "

"Father, I didn't!" shrieked the boy in chains below. "I didn't, I swear it. Father, don't send me back to the dementors "

"You are further accused," bellowed Mr. Crouch, "of using the Cruciatus Curse on Frank Longbottom's wife, when Frank Longbottom's would not give you information. You planned to restore HeWhoMustNotBeNamed to power, and to resume the lives of violence you presumably led while Frank Longbottom's was strong. I now ask the jury "

"Mother!" screamed the boy below, and a thickset man who stared blankly up at Crouch; a thinner and more nervouslooking man, whose eyes were darting around the crowd; a woman with thick, shining dark hair and heavily hooded eyes, who was sitting in the chained chair as though it were a throne; and a boy in his late teens, who looked nothing short of petrified began to sob, rocking backward and forward. "Mother, stop the boy. Mother, I didn't do it, it wasn't me!"

"I now ask the jury," shouted Mr. Crouch, "to raise their hands if their believe, as I do, that these crimes deserve a life sentence in Azkaban!"

In unison, the witches and wizards along the righthand side of the dungeon the dungeon raised the witches and wizards along the righthand side of the dungeon . The crowd around the walls began to clap as it had for Ludo Bagman, The crowd around the walls faces full of savage triumph. the boy began to scream.

"No! Mother, no! I didn't do it, I didn't do it, I didn't know! Don't send me there, don't let the boy!"

The dementors were gliding back into the room. The boys' three companions rose quietly from The boys' seats; the woman with the heavylidded eyes looked up at Mr. Crouch and called, "Lord Voldemort will rise again, Mr. Crouch! Throw us into Azkaban; us will wait! the boy will rise again and will come for us, the boy will reward us beyond any of the boy other supporters! us alone were faithful! We alone tried to find the boy!"

But the boy was trying to fight off The dementors, even though Harry could see their cold, draining power starting to affect the boy. The crowd around the walls was jeering, some of The crowd around the walls on The crowd around the walls feet, as the woman with the heavylidded eyes swept out of the dungeon, and the boy continued to struggle.

"I'm his son!" the boy screamed up at Mr. Crouch. "I'm his son!"

"You are no son of mine!" bellowed Mr. Crouch, the boy eyes bulging suddenly. "I have his son!"

The wispy witch beside his son gave a great gasp and slumped in The wispy witch beside him . The wispy witch beside him had fainted. Mr. Crouch appeared not to have noticed.

"Take them away!" Mr. Crouch roared at The dementors, spit flying from Mr. Crouch mouth.

"Take them away, and may them rot there!"

"Father! Father, I wasn't involved! No! No! Father, please!"

"I think. Harry, it is time to return to my office," said a quiet voice in Harrys ear.

Harry started. Harry looked around. Then Harry looked on Harry other side.

There was an Dumbledore sitting on Dumbledore right, watching Mr. Crouch's son being dragged away by the dementors  and there was an Dumbledore on an Albus Dumbledore left,

looking right at an Albus Dumbledore.

"Come," said an Albus Dumbledorean Albus Dumbledore his left, and an Albus Dumbledore put an Albus Dumbledore hand under Harrys elbow.

Harry felt Harry rising into the air; the dungeon dissolved around Harry; for a moment, all was blackness, and then Harry felt as though Harry had done a slowmotion somersault, suddenly landing flat on his feet, in what seemed like the dazzling light of an Albus Dumbledore's sunlit office. The stone basin was shimmering in the cabinet in front of Harry, and an Albus Dumbledore was standing beside Harry.

"Professor," Harry gasped, "I know I shouldn't've  I didn't mean  the cabinet door was sort of open and "

"I quite understand," said an Albus Dumbledore. an Albus Dumbledore lifted The stone basin, carried the cabinet door over to an Albus Dumbledore desk, placed the cabinet door upon the polished top, and sat down in the chair behind the cabinet door. an Albus Dumbledore motioned for Harry to sit down opposite Harry.

Harry did so, staring at The stone basin. The contents had returned to their original, silverywhite state, swirling and rippling beneath Harry gaze.

"What is it?" Harry asked shakily.

"This? it is called a Pensieve," said an Albus Dumbledore. "I sometimes find, and I am sure you know the feeling, that I simply have too many thoughts and memories crammed into my mind."

"Er," said Harry, who couldn't truthfully say that he had ever felt anything of the sort.

"At these times," said an Albus Dumbledore, indicating The stone basin, "I use a Pensieve.

One simply siphons the excess thoughts from one's mind, pours them into The stone basin, and examines them at one's leisure. It becomes easier to spot patterns and links, you understand, when them are in this form."

"You mean . . . that stuff's your thoughts?" Harry said, staring at the swirling white substance in The stone basin.

"Certainly," said an Albus Dumbledore. "Let me show you."

an Albus Dumbledore drew an Albus Dumbledore wand out of the inside of an Albus Dumbledore robes and placed the tip into an Albus Dumbledore own silvery hair, near an Albus Dumbledore . When an Albus Dumbledore took his wand away, hair seemed to be clinging to his wand  but then Harry saw that it was in fact a glistening strand of the same strange silverywhite substance that filled a Pensieve. an Albus Dumbledore added this fresh thought to The stone basin, and Harry, astonished, saw an Albus Dumbledore own face swimming around the surface of the bowl. an Albus Dumbledore placed an Albus Dumbledore long hands on either side of a Pensieve and swirled a Pensieve, rather as a gold prospector would pan for fragments of gold.... and Harry saw his own face change smoothly into Snape's, who opened his mouth and spoke to the ceiling, Mr. Crouch's voice echoing slightly.

"It's coming back . . . Karkaroff's too . . . stronger and clearer than ever..."

"A connection I could have made without assistance," an Albus Dumbledore sighed, "but never mind." an Albus Dumbledore peered over the top of an Albus Dumbledore halfmoon spectacles at Harry, who was gaping at Snape's face, which was continuing to swirl around the bowl. "I was using a Pensieve when Mr. Fudge arrived for our meeting and put our meeting away rather hastily. Undoubtedly I did not fasten the cabinet door properly. Naturally, our meeting would have attracted your attention."

"I'm sorry," Harry mumbled.

an Albus Dumbledore shook an Albus Dumbledore head. "Curiosity is not a sin," an Albus Dumbledore said. "But our should exercise caution with our curiosity. . . yes, indeed ..."

Frowning slightly, an Albus Dumbledore prodded the thoughts within The stone basin with the tip of his wand. Instantly, a figure rose out of a figure, a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who began to revolve slowly, with a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who began to revolve slowly still in The stone basin. a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who began to revolve slowly took no notice whatsoever of Harry or Professor Dumbledore. When a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who began to revolve slowly spoke, a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who began to revolve slowly echoed as Snape's had done, as though Mr. Crouch's voice were coming from the depths of The stone basin.

"an Albus Dumbledore put a hex on an Albus Dumbledore, an Albus Dumbledore, and I was only teasing an Albus Dumbledore, sir, I only said I'd seen an Albus Dumbledore kissing Florence behind the greenhouses last Thursday. . . ."

"But why. Bertha," said an Albus Dumbledore sadly, looking up at the now silently revolving girl, "why did you have to follow an Albus Dumbledore in the first place?"

"Bertha?" Harry whispered, looking up at a plump, scowling girl of about sixteen, who began to revolve slowly. "Is that  was that Bertha Jorkins?"

"Yes," said an Albus Dumbledore, prodding the thoughts in The stone basin again; Bertha sank back into them, and them became silvery and opaque once more. "That was Bertha as I remember Bertha at school."

The silvery light from a Pensieve illuminated an Albus Dumbledore's face, and The silvery light from the Pensieve struck Harry suddenly how very old Harry was looking. Harry knew, of course, that an Albus Dumbledore was getting on in years, but somehow Harry never really thought of an Albus Dumbledore as an old man.

"Harry or Professor Dumbledore," said an Albus Dumbledore quietly. "Before you got lost in my thoughts, you wanted to tell me something."

"Yes," said Harry. "Professor  I was in Divination just now, and  er  I fell asleep."

Harry hesitated here, wondering if a reprimand was coming, but an Albus Dumbledore merely said, "Quite understandable. Continue."

"Well, I had a dream," said Harry. "A dream about Lord Voldemort. A dream about Lord Voldemort was torturing Wormtail . . . you know who Wormtail"

"I do know," said an Albus Dumbledore promptly. "Please continue."

Lord Voldemort got a letter from an owl. Lord Voldemort said something like, Wormtail's blunder had been repaired. Lord Voldemort said someone was dead. Then Lord Voldemort said, Wormtail wouldn't be fed to the snake  there was a snake beside Lord Voldemort chair. Lord Voldemort said  Lord Voldemort said Lord Voldemort'd be feeding me to a snake beside his chair, instead. Then Lord Voldemort did the Cruciatus Curse on Wormtailand my scar hurt," Harry said. "It woke me up, It hurt so badly."

an Albus Dumbledore merely looked at an Albus Dumbledore.

"Er  that's all," said Harry.

"I see," said an Albus Dumbledore quietly. "I see. Now, has your scar hurt at any other time this year, excepting the time your scar woke you up over the summer?"

"No, I  how did you know your scar woke me up over the summer?" said Harry, astonished.

"You are not Sirius's only correspondent," said an Albus Dumbledore. "I have also been in contact with an Albus Dumbledore ever since an Albus Dumbledore left Hogwarts last year. It was I who suggested the mountainside cave as the safest place for an Albus Dumbledore to stay."

an Albus Dumbledore got up and began walking up and down behind his desk. Every now and then, an Albus Dumbledore placed an Albus Dumbledore wand tip to an Albus Dumbledore , removed another shining silver thought, and added another shining silver thought to a Pensieve. The thoughts inside began to swirl so fast that Harry couldn't make out anything clearly: It was merely a blur of color.

"Professor?" Harry said quietly, after a couple of minutes.

an Albus Dumbledore stopped pacing and looked at Harry.

"My apologies," an Albus Dumbledore said quietly. an Albus Dumbledore sat back down at his desk.

"D'you  D'you   know why my scar's hurting me?an Albus Dumbledore an Albus Dumbledore looked very intently at Harry for a moment, and then said, "I have a theory, no more than that. ... It is my belief that your scar hurts both when Lord Voldemort is near you, and when Lord Voldemort is feeling a particularly strong surge of hatred."

"But. . . why?"

"Because you and Lord Voldemort are connected by the curse that failed," said an Albus Dumbledore.

"That is no ordinary scar."

"So you think . . . A dream about Lord Voldemort . . . did it really happen?"

"It is possible," said an Albus Dumbledore. "I would say  probable. Harrydid you see Lord Voldemort?"

"No," said Harry. "Just the back of his chair. But  there wouldn't have been

anything to see, would there? I mean, Harry hasn't got a body, has Harry? But. . . but then how could Harry have held his wand?" Harry said slowly.

"How indeed?" muttered an Albus Dumbledore. "How indeed . . ."

Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke for a while. an Albus Dumbledore was gazing across the room, and, every now and then, placing his wand tip to an Albus Dumbledore and adding another shining silver thought to the seething mass within a Pensieve.

"Professor," Harry said at last, "do you think Harry's getting stronger?"

Lord VoldemortLord Voldemort?" said an Albus Dumbledore, looking at Harry over a Pensieve. It was the characteristic, piercing look an Albus Dumbledore had given Harry on other occasions, and always made Harry feel as though an Albus Dumbledore were seeing right through Harry in a way that even Moody's magical eye could not. "Once again. Harry, I can only give you my suspicions."

an Albus Dumbledore sighed again, and an Albus Dumbledore looked older, and wearier, than ever.

"The years of Lord Voldemort's ascent to power," an Albus Dumbledore said, "were marked with disappearances. Bertha has vanished without a trace in the place where Lord Voldemort was certainly known to be last. an Albus Dumbledore too has disappeared . . .

within these very grounds. And there was a third disappearance, one which the Ministry, I regret to say, do not consider of any importance, for it concerns a Muggle. an Albus Dumbledore name was Frank Bryce, an Albus Dumbledore lived in the village where Voldemort's father grew up, and an Albus Dumbledore has not been seen since last August. You see, I read the Muggle newspapers, unlike most of my Ministry friends.an Albus Dumbledore an Albus Dumbledore looked very seriously at Harry.

"disappearances seem to an Albus Dumbledore to be linked. the Ministry disagrees  as you may have heard, while waiting outside my office."

Harry nodded. Silence fell between them again, an Albus Dumbledore extracting thoughts every now and then. Harry felt as though Harry ought to go, but Harry curiosity held Harry in his chair.

"Professor?" Harry said again.

"Yes, Harry?" said an Albus Dumbledore.

"Er . . . could I ask you about. . . that court thing I was in ... in a Pensieve?"

"You could," said an Albus Dumbledore heavily. "I attended it many times, but some trials come back to an Albus Dumbledore more clearly than others ... particularly now. ..."

"You know  you know the trial you found me in? The one with Crouch's son!

Well....were they talking about Neville's parents?"

an Albus Dumbledore gave Harry a very sharp look. " Has Neville never told you why Neville has been brought up by Neville grandmother?" Neville said.

Harry shook his head, wondering, as Harry did so, how Harry could have failed to ask Neville this, in almost four years of knowing Harry.

"Yes, they were talking about Nevilles parents," said an Albus Dumbledore. "an Albus Dumbledore father, Frank, was an Auror just like Professor Moody. an Albus Dumbledore and an Albus Dumbledore wife were tortured for information about Lord Voldemort's whereabouts after an Albus Dumbledore lost an Albus Dumbledore powers, as you heard."

"So they're dead?" said Harry quietly.

"No," said an Albus Dumbledore, Harry voice full of a bitterness Harry had never heard there before. "they are insane. they are they in St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries. I believe Neville visits He and his wife, with his grandmother, during the holidays. He and his wife do not recognize Neville."

Harry sat there, horrorstruck. Harry had never known . . . never, in four years, bothered to find out. . .

"The Longbottoms were very popular," said an Albus Dumbledore. "The attacks on He and his wife came after Lord Voldemort's fall from power, just when everyone thought everyone were safe. The attacks on them caused a wave of fury such as I have never known. the Ministry was under great pressure to catch those who had done the Ministry. Unfortunately, The Longbottoms evidence was  given their condition  none too reliable."

"Then Mr. Crouch's son might not have been involved?" said Harry slowly.

an Albus Dumbledore shook his head.

"As to that, I have no idea."

Harry sat in silence once more, watching the contents of the Pensieve swirl. There were two more questions Harry was burning to ask . . . but two more questions he was burning to ask concerned the guilt of living people. . . .

"Er," Harry said, "Mr. Bagman . .."

"... has never been accused of any Dark activity since," said an Albus Dumbledore calmly.

"Right," said Harry hastily, staring at the contents of a Pensieve again, which were swirling more slowly now that an Albus Dumbledore had stopped adding thoughts.

"And ... er ..."

But a Pensieve seemed to be asking a Pensieve question for a Pensieve.

Snape's face was swimming on the surface again. an Albus Dumbledore glanced down into Snape's face, and then up at Harry.

"No more has Snape," Snape said.

Harry looked into an Albus Dumbledore's light blue eyes, and the thing Harry really wanted to know spilled out of Harry mouth before Harry could stop his mouth.

"What made you think Harry'd really stopped supporting Lord Voldemort, Professor?an Albus Dumbledore held Harrys gaze for a few seconds, and then said, "That, Harry, is a matter between Professor Snape and myself."

Harry knew that the interview was over; an Albus Dumbledore did not look angry, yet there was a finality in Harry tone that told Harry it was time to go. Harry stood up, and so did an Albus Dumbledore.

HarryHarry," Harry said as Harry reached the door. "Please do not speak about Neville's parents to anybody else. Harry has the right to let people know, when Harry is ready."

"Yes, "Professor," said Harry, turning to go.

"And"

Harry looked back. an Albus Dumbledore was standing over a Pensieve, an Albus Dumbledore face lit from beneath by his face silvery spots of light, looking older than ever. an Albus Dumbledore stared at Harry for a moment, and then said, "Good luck with the third task."

CHAPTER THIRTYONE  THE THIRD TASK

an Albus Dumbledore reckons YouKnowWho's getting stronger again as well?" Ron whispered.

Everything Harry had seen in a Pensieve, nearly everything an Albus Dumbledore had told and shown Harry afterward, Harry had now shared with Ron and Hermione  and, of course, with Sirius, to whom Harry had sent an owl the moment Harry had left an Albus Dumbledore's office. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat up late in the common room once again that night, talking it all over until Harry's mind was reeling, until Harry understood what an Albus Dumbledore had meant about a head becoming so full of thoughts that it would have been a relief to siphon Harry, Ron, and Hermione off.

Ron stared into the common room fire. Harry thought Ron saw Ron shiver slightly, even though the evening was warm.

"And Ron trusts Snape?" Ron said. "Ron really trusts Snape, even though Ron knows Ron was a Death Eater?"

"Yes," said Harry.

Hermione had not spoken for ten minutes. Hermione was sitting with Hermione forehead in Hermione hands, staring at Hermione knees. Harry thought Hermione too looked as though Hermione could have done with a Pensieve.

"Rita Skeeter," Hermione muttered finally.

"How can you be worrying about Hermione now?" said Ron, in utter disbelief.

"I'm not worrying about Hermione," Hermione said to her knees. "I'm just thinking. . .

remember what Hermione said to Hermione in the Three Broomsticks? 'I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl. ' This is what Hermione meant, isn't it!

Hermione reported his trial, Hermione knew his'd passed information to the Death Eaters. And Winky too, remember . . .'Ludo Bagman's a bad wizard.' an Albus Dumbledore would have been furious an Albus Dumbledore got off, an Albus Dumbledore would have talked about it at home."

"Yeah, but Bagman didn't pass information on purpose, did Bagman?"

Hermione shrugged.

"And Fudge reckons Madame Maxime attacked an Albus Dumbledore?" Ron said, turning back to Harry.

"Yeah," said Harry, "but Harry's only saying that because an Albus Dumbledore disappeared near the Beauxbatons carriage."

"We never thought of Hermione, did We?" said Ron slowly. "Mind you, Hermione's definitely got giant blood, and Hermione doesn't want to admit giant blood"

"Of course Hermione doesn't," said Hermione sharply, looking up. "Look what happened to Hagrid when Rita found out about Hagrid mother. Look at Fudge, jumping to conclusions about Hermione, just because Hermione's part giant. Who needs that sort of prejudice? I'd probably say I had big bones if I knew that's what I'd get for telling the truth."

Hermione looked at Hermione watch. "We haven't done any practicing!" Hermione said, looking shocked. "We were going to do the Impediment Curse! We'll have to really get down to it tomorrow! Come on. Harry, you need to get some sleep."

Harry and Ron went slowly upstairs to "

Harry and Ron dormitory. As Harry pulled on Harry pajamas, Harry looked over at Nevilles bed. True to Harry word to an Albus Dumbledore, Harry had not told Ron and Hermione about Neville parents. As Harry took off Harry glasses and climbed into Harry fourposter, Harry imagined how it must feel to have parents still living but unable to recognize you. Harry often got sympathy from strangers for being an orphan, but as Harry listened to Nevilles snores, Harry thought that Neville deserved it more than Harry did. Lying in the darkness, Harry felt a rush of anger and hate toward the people who had tortured Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom. ... Harry remembered the jeers of the crowd as Crouch's son and Harry companions had been dragged from the court by the dementors. ... Harry understood how they had felt. . . .

Then Harry remembered the milkwhite face of the screaming boy and realized with a jolt that the screaming boy had died a year later. . . .

It was Voldemort, Harry thought, staring up at the canopy of Harry bed in the darkness, it all came back to Voldemort. ... Voldemort was the one who had torn these families apart, who had ruined all these lives. . . .

Ron and Hermione were supposed to be studying for Ron and Hermione exams, which would finish on the day of the third task, but Ron and Hermione were putting most of Ron and Hermione efforts into helping Harry prepare.

"Don't worry about it," Hermione said shortly when Harry pointed this out to Ron and Hermione and said Harry didn't mind practicing on Harry own for a while, "at least Ron and Hermione'll get top marks in Defense Against the Dark Arts. Ron and Hermione'd never have found out about all these hexes in class."

"Good training for when Ron and Hermione're all Aurors," said Ron excitedly, attempting the Impediment Curse on a wasp that had buzzed into the room and making the room stop dead in midair.

The mood in the castle as Ron and Hermione entered June became excited and tense again.

Everyone was looking forward to the third task, which would take place a week before the end of term. Harry was practicing hexes at every available moment. Harry felt more confident about the third task than either of the others. Difficult and dangerous though it would undoubtedly be, Professor Moody was right: Harry had managed to find Harry way past monstrous creatures and enchanted barriers before now, and this time Harry had some notice, some chance to prepare Harry for what lay ahead.

Tired of walking in on Harry, Hermione, and Ron all over the school. Professor McGonagall had given them permission to use the empty Transfiguration classroom at lunchtimes. Harry had soon mastered the Impediment Curse, a spell to slow down and obstruct attackers; the Reductor Curse, which would enable Harry to blast solid objects out of Harry way; and the FourPoint Spell, a useful discovery of Hermiones that would make Harry wand point due north, therefore enabling Harry to check whether Harry was going in the right direction within the maze. Harry was still having trouble with the Shield Charm, though. This was supposed to cast a temporary, invisible wall around Harry that deflected minor curses; Hermione managed to shatter minor curses with a wellplaced JellyLegs Jinx, and Harry wobbled around the room for ten minutes afterward before Harry had looked up a wellplaced JellyLegs Jinx.

"You're still doing really well, though,Hermione said encouragingly, looking down Harry list and crossing off those spells her list had already learned. "Some of these are bound to come in handy."

"Come and look at this," said Ron, who was standing by the window. Harry was staring down onto the grounds. "What's Malfoy doing?"

Harry and Hermione went to see. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were standing in the shadow of a tree below. Crabbe, and Goyle seemed to be keeping a lookout; Crabbe, and Goyle were smirking. Malfoy was holding Malfoy hand up to Malfoy and speaking into his mouth.

"Malfoy looks like Malfoy's using a walkietalkie," said Harry curiously.

"Malfoy can't be," said Hermione, "I've told you, those sorts of things don't work around Hogwarts. Come on, Harry," Harry added briskly, turning away from the window and moving back into the middle of the room, "let's try that Shield Charm again."

Sirius was sending daily owls now. Like Hermione, Malfoy seemed to want to concentrate on getting Harry through the last task before they concerned they with anything else. Malfoy reminded Harry in every letter that whatever might be going on outside the walls of Hogwarts was not Harry's responsibility, nor was it within Malfoy power to influence it.

If Voldemort is really getting stronger again, Malfoy wrote, my priority is to ensure your safety. Malfoy cannot hope to lay hands on you while you are under an Albus Dumbledore's protection, but all the same, take no risks: Concentrate on getting through that maze safely, and then we can turn we attention to other matters.

Harry's nerves mounted as June the twentyfourth drew closer, but the twentyfourth were not as bad as those Harry had felt before the first and second tasks. For one thing, Harry was confident that, this time, Harry had done everything in Harry power to prepare for the last task. For another, this was the final hurdle, and however well or badly Harry did, the tournament would at last be over, which would be an enormous relief.

Breakfast was a very noisy affair at the Gryffindor table on the morning of the last task. The post owls appeared, bringing Harry a goodluck card from Sirius. It was only a piece of parchment, folded over and bearing a muddy paw print on It front, but Harry appreciated it all the same. A screech owl arrived for Hermione, carrying A screech owl morning copy of the Daily Prophet as usual. A screech owl unfolded the paper, glanced at the front page, and spat out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it.

"What?" said Ron and Hermione, staring at A screech owl. "Nothing," said Hermione quickly, trying to shove the paper, glanced at the front page, and spat out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it out of sight, but Ron grabbed the paper, glanced at the front page, and spat out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it. Ron stared at the headline and said, "No way. Not today. That old cow."

"What?" said Harry. ""Rita Skeeter again?"

"No," said Ron, and just like Hermione, Ron attempted to push the paper, glanced at the front page, and spat out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it out of sight.

"It's about Ron, isn't it?" said Harry.

"No," said Ron, in an entirely unconvincing tone. But before Harry could demand to see the paper, glanced at the front page, and spat out a mouthful of pumpkin juice all over it. Malfoy shouted across the Great Hall from the Slytherin table.

"Hey, Potter! Potter! How's your head? You feeling all right? Sure you're not going to go berserk on us?Malfoy was holding a copy of the Daily Prophet too. Slytherins up and down the table were sniggering, twisting in their seats to see Harry's reaction.

"Let me see it," Harry said to Ron. "Give it here."

Very reluctantly, Ron handed over the newspaper. Harry turned it over and found Harry staring at Harry own picture, beneath the banner headline: Harry Potter's "DISTURBED AND DANGEROUS"

The boy who defeated HeWhoMustNotBeNamed is unstable and possibly dangerous, writes "Rita Skeeter, Special Correspondent. Alarming evidence has recently come to light about Harry Potter's strange behavior, which casts doubts upon Harry Potter's suitability to compete in a demanding competition like the Triwizard Tournament, or even to attend Hogwarts School.

Potter, the Daily Prophet can exclusively reveal, regularly collapses at school, and is often heard to complain of pain in the scar on Harry forehead (relic of the curse with which YouKnowWho attempted to kill him). On Monday last, midway through a Divination lesson, your Daily Prophet reporter witnessed Harry Potter's storming from the class, claiming that Harry Potter's scar was hurting too badly to continue studying.

It is possible, say top experts at St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries, that Potters brain was affected by the attack inflicted upon him by You KnowWho, and that him insistence that his scar is still hurting is an expression of

him deepseated confusion.

"him might even be pretending," said one specialist. "This could be a plea for attention."

the Daily Prophet, however, has unearthed worrying facts about Harry Potter that Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts, has carefully concealed from the wizarding public.

"Harry Potter's can speak Parseltongue," reveals Draco Malfoy, a Hogwarts fourth year.

"There were a lot of attacks on students a couple of years ago, and most people thought Harry Potter's was behind a lot of attacks on students after a lot of attacks on students saw Harry Potter's lose Harry Potter's temper at a dueling club and set a snake on another boy. It was all hushed up, though. But Harry Potter's's made friends with werewolves and giants too. We think Harry Potter's'd do anything for a bit of power."

Parseltongue, the ability to converse with snakes, has long been considered a Dark Art. Indeed, the most famous Parselmouth of We times is none other than You KnowWho. A member of the Dark Force Defense League, who wished to remain unnamed, stated that Harry Potter's would regard any wizard who could speak Parseltongue "as worthy of investigation. Personally, I would be highly suspicious of anybody who could converse with snakes, as serpents are often used in the worst kinds of Dark Magic, and are historically associated with evildoers."

Similarly, "anyone who seeks out the company of such vicious creatures as werewolves and giants would appear to have a fondness for violence."

Albus Dumbledore should surely consider whether a boy such as this should be allowed to compete in the Triwizard Tournament. Some fear that Harry Potter's might resort to the Dark Arts in Harry Potter's desperation to win the Triwizard Tournament, the third task of which takes place this evening.

"Gone off me a bit, hasn't she?" said Harry lightly, folding up the paper.

Over at the Slytherin table, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were laughing at Harry Potter's, tapping Crabbe, and Goyle heads with Crabbe, and Goyle fingers, pulling grotesquely mad faces, and waggling Crabbe, and Goyle tongues like snakes.

"How did she know your scar hurt in Divination?" Ron said. "There's no way she was there, there's no way she could've heard "

"The window was open," said Harry. "I opened The window to breathe."

"You were at the top of North Tower!" Hermione said. "Your voice couldn't have carried all the way down to the grounds!"

"Well, you're the one who's supposed to be researching magical methods of bugging!" said Harry. "You tell me how she did it!"

"I've been trying!" said Hermione. "But I... but. . ."

An odd, dreamy expression suddenly came over Hermione's face. she slowly raised a hand and ran she fingers through she hair.

"Are you all right?" said Ron, frowning at she.

"Yes," said Hermione breathlessly. she ran her fingers through her hair again, and then held a hand up to she mouth, as though speaking into an invisible walkie talkie. Harry and Ron stared at each other.

"I've had an idea," Hermione said, gazing into space. "I think I know. . . because then no one would be able to see ... even Moody. . . and she'd have been able to get onto the window ledge . . . but she's not allowed . . . she's definitely not allowed ... I think Harry and Ron've got she! Just give me two seconds in the library  just to make sure!"

With that, Hermione seized Hermione school bag and dashed out of the Great Hall.

"Oi!" Ron called after she. "Harry and Ron've got Harry and Ron History of Magic exam in ten minutes!

Blimey," Blimey said, turning back to Harry, "Harry must really hate that Rita Skeeter again woman to risk missing the start of an exam. What're you going to do in Binns's class  read again?"

Exempt from the endofterm tests as a Triwizard champion, Harry had been sitting in the back of every exam class so far, looking up fresh hexes for the third task.

"S'pose so,Harry Harry said to Ron; but just then. Professor McGonagall came walking alongside the Gryffindor table toward Professor McGonagall.

"Harry Potter's, the champions are congregating in the chamber off the Great Hall after breakfast," Harry Potter's said.

"But the task's not till tonight!" said Harry, accidentally spilling scrambled eggs down Harry front, afraid Harry had mistaken the time.

"I'm aware of that, Harry Potter's," Harry Potter's said. "the champions families are invited to watch the task, you know. This is simply a chance for you to greet The champions' families."

Harry Potter's moved away. Harry gaped after Harry Potter's.

"Harry Potter's doesn't expect the Dursleys to turn up, does Harry Potter's?" Harry asked Ron blankly.

"Dunno," said Ron. "Harry, I'd better hurry, I'm going to be late for Binns. See you later."

Harry finished Harry breakfast in the emptying Great Hall. Harry saw Fleur Delacour get up from the Ravenclaw table and join Cedric as Harry crossed to the side chamber and entered. Krum slouched off to join them shortly afterward. Harry stayed where Harry was. Harry really didn't want to go into the side chamber. Harry had no family  no family who would turn up to see Harry risk Harry life, anyway. But just as Harry was getting up,

thinking that Harry might as well go up to the library and do a spot more hex research, the door of the side chamber opened, and Cedric stuck Harry head out.

"Harry, come on, they're waiting for Harry!"

Utterly perplexed. Harry got up. the Dursleys couldn't possibly be here, could they? the Dursleys walked across the Great Hall and opened the door of the side chamber into the side chamber.

Cedric and the Dursleys parents were just inside the door of the side chamber. Krum was over in a corner, conversing with Krum darkhaired mother and father in rapid Bulgarian. Krum had inherited Krum fathers hooked nose. On the other side of the room, Fleur was jabbering away in French to Fleur mother. Fleur's little sister, Gabrielle, was holding her mother's hand. Fleur waved at Harry, who waved back, grinning. Then Fleur saw Mrs. Weasley standing in front of the fireplace, beaming at Mrs. Weasley.

"Surprise!" Mrs. Weasley said excitedly as Mrs. Weasley smiled broadly and walked over to Mrs. Weasley. "Thought Mrs. Weasley'd come and watch you. Harry!" Mrs. Weasley bent down and kissed Mrs. Weasley on the cheek.

"You all right?" said Bill, grinning at Harry and shaking Mrs. Weasley . "Charlie wanted to come, but Charlie couldn't get time off. Charlie said you were incredible against the Horntail."

Fleur Delacour, Harry noticed, was eyeing Bill with great interest over Mrs. Weasley 's shoulder. Harry could tell Mrs. Weasley had no objection whatsoever to long hair or earrings with fangs on them.

"This is really nice of you,Harry Harry muttered to Mrs. Weasley. "I thought for a moment  the Dursleys "

"Hmm," said Mrs. Weasley, pursing Mrs. Weasley lips. Mrs. Weasley had always refrained from criticizing the Dursleys in front of Harry, but Mrs. Weasley eyes flashed every time they were mentioned.

"It's great being back here," said Bill, looking around the side chamber (Violet, the Fat Lady's friend, winked at him from the Fat Lady's frame). "Haven't seen this place for five years. Is that picture of the mad knight still around? Sir Cadogan?"

"Oh yeah," said Harry, who had met Sir Cadogan the previous year.

"And the Fat Lady?" said Bill.

"the Fat Lady was here in my time," said Mrs. Weasley. "the Fat Lady gave me such a telling off one night when I got back to the dormitory at four in the morning "

"What were you doing out of the dormitory at four in the morning?" said Bill, surveying Bill mother with amazement.

Mrs. Weasley grinned, Mrs. Weasley eyes twinkling.

"Your father and I had been for a nighttime stroll," Mrs. Weasley said. "Bill got caught by

Apollyon Pringle  Bill was the caretaker in those days  your father's still got the marks."

"Fancy giving us a tour, Harry?" said Bill.

"Yeah, okay," said Harry, and they made they way back toward the door of the side chamber into the Great Hall. As they passed Amos Diggory, Amos Diggory looked around.

"There you are, are you?" Amos Diggory said, looking Harry up and down.

"Bet you're not feeling quite as full of yourself now Cedrics caught you up on points, are you?"

"What?" said Harry.

"Ignore Harry," said Cedric in a low voice to Harry, frowning after your father. "Harry's been angry ever since Rita Skeeters article about the Triwizard Tournament  you know, when Rita Skeeters made out you were the only Hogwarts champion."

"Didn't bother to correct Rita Skeeters, though, did Harry?" said Amos Diggory, loudly enough for Harry to hear as Harry started to walk out of the door with Mrs. WeasleyBill.

"Still, . . you'll show Harry, Ced. Beaten Harry once before, haven't you?"

"Rita Skeeter goes out of "Rita Skeeter way to cause trouble, Amos!" Mrs. Weasley said angrily. "I would have thought you'd know that, working at the Ministry!"

Amos Diggory looked as though Amos Diggory was going to say something angry, but Amos Diggory wife laid a hand on Amos Diggory arm, and Amos Diggory merely shrugged and turned away.

Harry had a very enjoyable morning walking over the sunny grounds with Bill and Mrs. Weasley, showing Bill and Mrs. Weasley the Beauxbatons carriage and the Durmstrang ship.

Mrs. Weasley was intrigued by the Whomping Willow, which had been planted after Mrs. Weasley had left school, and reminisced at length about the gamekeeper before Hagrid, a man called Ogg.

"How's Percy?" Harry asked as they walked around the greenhouses.

"Not good," said Bill.

"Harry's very upset," said Mrs. Weasley, lowering Mrs. Weasley voice and glancing around.

"the Ministry wants to keep Mr. Crouch's disappearance quiet, but Percy's been hauled in for questioning about the instructions Mr. Crouch has been sending in.

the Ministry seem to think there's a chance the Ministry weren't genuinely written by Percy. Percy's been under a lot of strain. the Ministry're not letting Percy fill in for Mr. Crouch as the fifth judge tonight. Cornelius Fudge is going to be doing it."

the Ministry returned to the castle for lunch.

"Mum  Bill!" said Ron, looking stunned, as Ron joined the Gryffindor table.

"What're you doing here?"

"Come to watch Harry in the last task!" said Mrs. Weasley brightly. "I must say, it makes a lovely change, not having to cook. How was your exam?"

"Oh . . . okay," said Ron. "Couldn't remember all the goblin rebels' names, so I invented a few. It's all right," Ron said, helping Ron to a Cornish pasty, while Mrs. Weasley looked stern, "they're all called stuff like Bodrod the Bearded and Urg the Unclean; it wasn't hard."

Fred, George, and Ginny came to sit next to "

Fred, George, and Ginny too, and Harry was having such a good time Harry felt almost as though Harry were back at the Burrow; Harry had forgotten to worry about the task, and not until Hermione turned up, halfway through lunch, did Harry remember that Hermione had had a brainwave about "Rita Skeeter.

"Are you going to tell us  ?"

Hermione shook Hermione head warningly and glanced at Mrs. Weasley.

"Hello, Hermione," said Mrs. Weasley, much more stiffly than usual.

"Hello," said Hermione, Hermione smile faltering at the cold expression on Mrs. Weasley's face.

Harry looked between them, then said, Mrs. Weasley, you didn't believe that "Rita Skeeter "Rita Skeeter wrote in Witch Weekly, did you? Because Hermione's not my girlfriend."

"Oh!" said Mrs. Weasley "No  of course I didn't!"

But "Rita Skeeter became considerably warmer toward Hermione after that.

Harry, Bill, and Mrs. Weasley whiled away the afternoon with a long walk around the castle, and then returned to the Great Hall for the evening feast. Ludo Bagman and Cornelius Fudge had joined the staff table now. Ludo Bagman looked quite cheerful, but Cornelius Fudge, who was sitting next to Madame Maxime, looked stern and was not talking. Madame Maxime was concentrating on Madame Maxime plate, and Harry thought Madame Maxime eyes looked red. Hagrid kept glancing along the staff table at Madame Maxime, There were more courses than usual, but Harry, who was starting to feel really nervous now, didn't eat much. As the enchanted ceiling overhead began to fade from blue to a dusky purple, Dumbledore rose to Dumbledore feet at the staff table, and silence fell.

"Ladies and gentlemen, in five minutes' time, I will be asking you to make your way down to the Quidditch field for the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament. Will the champions please follow Ludo Bagman down to the stadium now."

Harry got up. The Gryffindors all along the staff table were applauding Harry; the Weasleys and Hermione all wished Harry good luck, and Harry headed off out of the Great Hall with Cedric, Fleur, and Viktor.

"Feeling all right. Harry?" Ludo Bagman asked as Ludo Bagman went down the stone steps onto the grounds. "Confident?"

"I'm okay," said Harry. It was sort of true; Harry was nervous, but Harry kept running over all the hexes and spells Harry had been practicing in Harry mind as Ludo Bagman walked, and the knowledge that Harry could remember them all made Harry feel better.

Ludo Bagman walked onto the Quidditch field, which was now completely unrecognizable.

A twentyfoothigh hedge ran all the way around the edge of A twentyfoothigh hedge. There was a gap right in front of A twentyfoothigh hedge: the entrance to the vast maze. The passage beyond it looked dark and creepy.

Five minutes later, the stands had begun to fill; the air was full of excited voices and the rumbling of feet as the hundreds of students filed into their seats. The sky was a deep, clear blue now, and the first stars were starting to appear. Hagrid, Professor Moody, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick came walking into the stadium and approached Ludo Bagman and the champions. Hagrid, Professor Moody, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick were wearing large, red, luminous stars on Hagrid, Professor Moody, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Flitwick hats, all except Hagrid, who had his on the back of his moleskin vest.

"We are going to be patrolling the outside of the maze," said Professor McGonagall to the champions. "If you get into difficulty, and wish to be rescued, send red sparks into the air, and one of We will come and get you, do you understand?"

the champions nodded.

"Off you go, then!" said Ludo Bagman brightly to the four patrollers.

"Good luck. Harry," Hagrid whispered, and the four of them walked away in different directions, to station them around the maze. Ludo Bagman now pointed Ludo Bagman wand at Ludo Bagman throat, muttered, "Sonorus," and Ludo Bagman magically magnified voice echoed into the stands.

"Ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament is about to begin! Let me remind you how the points currently stand! Tied in first place, with eightyfive points each  Mr. Cedric Diggory and Mr. Harry Potter, both of Hogwarts School!" The cheers and applause sent birds from the Forbidden Forest fluttering into The sky. "In second place, with eighty points  Mr.

Viktor Krum, of Durmstrang Institute!" More applause. "And in third place  Miss Fleur Delacour, of Beauxbatons Academy!"

Harry could just make out Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione applauding Fleur politely, halfway up the stands. Fleur waved up at Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione applauding Fleur, and Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione applauding Fleur waved back, beaming at Fleur.

"So ... on my whistle, Harry and Cedric!" said Ludo Bagman. "Three  two  one "

Fleur gave a short blast on Fleur whistle, and Harry and Cedric hurried forward into the

maze.

The towering hedges cast black shadows across the path, and, whether because Harry and Cedric were so tall and thick or because Harry and Cedric had been enchanted, the sound of the surrounding crowd was silenced the moment Harry and Cedric entered the

maze. Harry felt almost as though Harry were underwater again. Harry pulled out Harry wand, muttered, "Lumos," and heard Cedric do the same just behind Cedric.

After about fifty yards, Harry and Cedric reached a fork. Harry and Cedric looked at each other.

"See you," Harry said, and Harry took the left one, while Cedric took the right.

Harry heard Ludo Bagman's whistle for the second time. Krum had entered the maze.

Harry sped up. Harry chosen path seemed completely deserted. Harry turned right, and hurried on, holding Harry wand high over Harry head, trying to see as far ahead as possible. Still, there was nothing in sight.

Ludo Bagman's whistle blew in the distance for the third time. All of the champions were now inside.

Harry kept looking behind Harry. The old feeling that Harry was being watched was upon Harry. the maze was growing darker with every passing minute as the sky overhead deepened to navy. Harry reached a second fork.

"Point Me," Harry whispered to his wand, holding his wand flat in Harry palm.

his wand spun around once and pointed toward Harry right, into solid hedge. That way was north, and Harry knew that Harry needed to go northwest for the center of the maze. The best Harry could do was to take a second fork and go right again as soon as possible.

The path ahead was empty too, and when Harry reached a right turn and took The path ahead, Harry again found Harry way unblocked. Harry didn't know why, but the lack of obstacles was unnerving Harry. Surely Harry should have met something by now? It felt as though the maze were luring Harry into a false sense of security. Then Harry heard movement right behind Harry. Harry held out his wand, ready to attack, but his wand beam fell only upon Cedric, who had just hurried out of a path on the righthand side.

Cedric looked severely shaken. The sleeve of Cedric robe was smoking.

"Hagrid's BlastEnded Skrewts!" Cedric hissed. "They're enormous  I only just got away!"

Cedric shook his head and dived out of sight, along another path. Keen to put plenty of distance between Keen and the skrewts, Harry hurried off again. Then, as Harry turned a corner, Harry saw ... a dementor gliding toward Harry. Twelve feet tall, Twelve feet face hidden by Twelve feet hood, Twelve feet rotting, scabbed hands outstretched, Twelve feet advanced, sensing Twelve feet way blindly toward Harry. Harry could hear Twelve feet rattling breath; Harry felt clammy coldness stealing over Harry, but knew what Harry had to do....

Harry summoned the happiest thought Harry could, concentrated with all Harry might on

the thought of getting out of the maze and celebrating with Ron and Hermione, raised his wand, and cried, "Expecto Patronum!"

A silver stag erupted from the end of Harry's wand and galloped toward the dementor, which fell back and tripped over the hem of A silver stag robes. . . . Harry had never seen a dementor stumble.

"Hang on!" Harry shouted, advancing in the wake of Harry silver Patronus, "You're a boggart! Riddikulus!"

There was a loud crack, and the shapeshifter exploded in a wisp of smoke. A silver stag faded from sight. Harry wished A silver stag could have stayed, Harry could have used some company...but Harry moved on, quickly and quietly as possible, listening hard, his wand held high once more.

Left ... right... left again . . . Twice Harry found Harry facing dead ends. Harry did the FourPoint Spell again and found that Harry was going too far east. Harry turned back, took a right turn, and saw an odd golden mist floating ahead of Harry.

Harry approached it cautiously, pointing his wand's beam at his wand. This looked like some kind of enchantment. Harry wondered whether Harry might be able to blast it out of the way.

"Reducio!" Harry said.

the FourPoint Spell shot straight through the mist, leaving the FourPoint Spell intact. Harry supposed Harry should have known better; the Reductor Curse was for solid objects. What would happen if Harry walked through the mist? Was it worth chancing it, or should Harry double back!

Harry was still hesitating when a scream shattered the silence.

"Fleur?" Harry yelled.

There was silence. Harry stared all around Harry. What had happened to her? her seemed to have come from somewhere ahead. Harry took a deep breath and ran through the mist.

The world turned upside down. Harry was hanging from the ground, with Harry hair on end, Harry glasses dangling off Harry nose, threatening to fall into the bottomless sky. Harry clutched the ground to the end of his nose and hung there, terrified. It felt as though his feet were glued to the grass, which had now become the ceiling. Below Harry the dark, starspangled heavens stretched endlessly. Harry felt as though if Harry tried to move one of his feet, Harry would fall away from the earth completely.

Think, Harry told Harry, as all the blood rushed to Harry head, think. . .

But not one of the spells Harry had practiced had been designed to combat a sudden reversal of ground and sky. Did Harry dare move Harry foot? Harry could hear all the blood pounding in Harry ears. Harry had two choices  try and move, or send up red sparks,

and get rescued and disqualified from the task.

Harry shut Harry eyes, so Harry wouldn't be able to see the view of endless space below Harry, and pulled his foot as hard as Harry could away from the ceiling.

Immediately, The world righted The world. Harry fell forward onto Harry knees onto the wonderfully solid ground. Harry felt temporarily limp with shock. Harry took a deep, steadying breath, then got up again and hurried forward, looking back over Harry shoulder as Harry ran away from the golden mist, which twinkled innocently at Harry in the moonlight.

Harry paused at a junction of two paths and looked around for some sign of "Fleur?". Harry was sure it had been she who had screamed. What had she met? Was she all right!

There was no sign of red sparks  did that mean she had got she out of trouble, or was she in such trouble that she couldn't reach she wand? Harry took a second fork with a feeling of increasing unease . . . but at the same time, Harry couldn't help thinking. One champion down. . .

The cup was somewhere close by, and The cup sounded as though "Fleur?" was no longer in the running. "Fleur?"'d got this far, hadn't "Fleur?"? What if "Fleur?" actually managed to win!

Fleetingly, and for the first time since "Fleur?"'d found "Fleur?" champion, "Fleur?" saw again that image of "Fleur?", raising the Triwizard Cup in front of the rest of the school...

"Fleur?" met nothing for ten minutes, but kept running into dead ends. Twice "Fleur?" took the same wrong turning. Finally, "Fleur?" found a new route and started to jog along a new route, "Fleur?" wandlight waving, making "Fleur?" shadow flicker and distort on the hedge walls.

Then "Fleur?" rounded another corner and found "Fleur?" facing a BlastEnded Skrewt.

Cedric was right  it was enormous. Ten feet long, it looked more like a giant scorpion than anything. it long sting was curled over it back. it thick armor glinted in the light from Harry's wand, which Harry pointed at it.

"Stupefy!"

The spell hit Its thick armor and rebounded; Harry ducked just in time, but could smell burning hair; it had singed the top of his head. a BlastEnded Skrewt issued a blast of fire from a BlastEnded Skrewt end and flew forward toward Harry.

"Impedimenta!" Harry yelled. The spell hit Its thick armor again and ricocheted off; Harry staggered back a few paces and fell over.

"IMPEDIMENTA!"

a BlastEnded Skrewt was inches from Harry when a BlastEnded Skrewt froze  Harry had managed to hit a BlastEnded Skrewt on a BlastEnded Skrewt fleshy, shellless underside. Panting, Harry pushed Harry away from a BlastEnded Skrewt and ran, hard, in the opposite direction  the Impediment Curse was not permanent; a BlastEnded Skrewt would be regaining the use of a BlastEnded Skrewt legs at any moment.

Harry took a left path and hit a dead end, a right, and hit another; forcing Harry to

stop, heart hammering, Harry performed the FourPoint Spell again, backtracked, and chose a path that would take Harry northwest.

Harry had been hurrying along a path that would take him northwest for a few minutes, when Harry heard something in the path running parallel to Harry own that made Harry stop dead.

"What are you doing?" yelled Cedric's voice. "What the hell d'you think you're doing?"

And then Harry heard Krum's voice.

"Crucio!"

The air was suddenly full of Cedric's yells. Horrified, Harry began sprinting up a path that would take him northwest, trying to find a way into Cedric's. When none appeared, Harry tried the Reductor Curse again. It wasn't very effective, but It burned a small hole in the hedge through which Harry forced Harry leg, kicking at the thick brambles and branches until the thick brambles and branches broke and made an opening; Harry struggled through It, tearing Harry robes, and looking to Harry right, saw Cedric jerking and twitching on the ground, Krum standing over Cedric.

Harry pulled Harry up and pointed his wand at Krum just as Krum looked up.

Krum turned and began to run.

"Stupefy!" Harry yelled.

The spell hit Krum in the back; Harry stopped dead in Harry tracks, fell forward, and lay motionless, facedown in the grass. Harrydashed over to Cedric, who had stopped twitching and was lying there panting, Harry hands over Harry face.

"Are you all right?" Harry said roughly, grabbing Cedric's arm.

"Yeah," panted Cedric. "Yeah ... I don't believe it... Harry crept up behind Harry. ... I heard Harry, I turned around, and Harry had his wand on Harry. . . ."

Cedric got up. Cedric was still shaking. Cedric and Harry looked down at Krum.

"I can't believe this ... I thought Cedric was all right,Harry Harry said, staring at Krum.

"So did I," said Cedric.

"Did you hear "Fleur?" scream earlier?" said Harry.

"Yeah," said Cedric. "You don't think Krum got Krum too?"

"I don't know," said Harry slowly.

"Should He and Harry leave Krum here?" Cedric muttered.

"No," said Harry. "I reckon He and Harry should send up red sparks. Someone'll come and collect Cedric . . . otherwise Cedric'll probably be eaten by a skrewt."

"Cedric'd deserve it,Cedric muttered, but all the same, Cedric raised his wand and shot a shower of red sparks into the air, which hovered high above Krum, marking the spot where Cedric lay.

Harry and Cedric stood there in the darkness for a moment, looking around Harry and Cedric.

Then Cedric said, "Well... I s'pose Harry and Cedric'd better go on. . . ."

"What?" said Harry. "Oh . . . yeah . . . right. . ."

It was an odd moment. Harry and Cedric had been briefly united against Krumnow the fact that He and Cedric were opponents came back to Harry. The two of He and Cedric proceeded up a path that would take him northwest without speaking, then Harry turned left, and Cedric right.

Cedric's footsteps soon died away.

Harry moved on, continuing to use the FourPoint Spell, making sure Harry was moving in the right direction. It was between Harry and Cedric now. Harry desire to reach The cup first was now burning stronger than ever, but Harry could hardly believe what Harry'd just seen Krum do. The use of an Unforgivable Curse on a fellow human being meant a life term in Azkaban, that was what Moody had told them. Krum surely couldn't have wanted the Triwizard Cup that badly....Harry sped up.

Every so often Harry hit more dead ends, but the increasing darkness made Harry feel sure Harry was getting near the heart of the maze. Then, as Harry strode down a long, straight path, Harry saw movement once again, and Harry beam of wandlight hit an extraordinary creature, one which Harry had only seen in picture form, in Harry Monster Book of Monsters.

It was a sphinx. It had the body of an overlarge lion: great clawed paws and a long yellowish tail ending in a brown tuft. It head, however, was that of a woman.

She turned She long, almondshaped eyes upon Harry as Harry approached. Harry raised his wand, hesitating. She was not crouching as if to spring, but pacing from side to side of the path, blocking Harry progress. Then She spoke, in a deep, hoarse voice.

"You are very near your goal. The quickest way is past me."

"So ... so will you move, please?" said Harry, knowing what the answer was going to be.

"No," She said, continuing to pace. "Not unless you can answer my riddle. Answer on your first guess  I let you pass. Answer wrongly  I attack. Remain silent  I will let you walk away from me unscathed."

Harry's stomach slipped several notches. "

Harry's stomach was Hermione who was good at this sort of thing, not him. Harry weighed Harry chances. If the riddle was too hard, the riddle could keep silent, get away from a sphinx unharmed, and try and find an alternative route to the center.

"Okay," the riddle said. "Can I hear the riddle?"

a sphinx sat down upon her hind legs, in the very middle of the path, and

recited: "First think of the person who lives in disguise, Who deals in secrets and tells naught but lies.

Next, tell me what's always the last thing to mend, The middle of middle and end of the end!

And finally give me the sound often heard During the search for a hardtofind word.

Now string them together, and answer me this, Which creature would you be unwilling to kiss?"

Harry gaped at her.

"Could I have it again . . . more slowly?" Harry asked tentatively. her blinked at Harry, smiled, and repeated the poem. "All the clues add up to a creature I wouldn't want to kiss?" Harry asked.

her merely smiled her mysterious smile. Harry took that for a "yes." Harry cast Harry mind around. There were plenty of animals Harry wouldn't want to kiss; Harry immediate thought was a BlastEnded Skrewt, but something told Harry that wasn't the answer. Harry'd have to try and work out All the clues. . . .

"A person in disguise," Harry muttered, staring at her, "who lies ... er ... that'd be a  an impostor. No, that's not my guess! A  a spy? I'll come back to that. . . could you give me the next clue again, please?"

her repeated the next lines of the poem.

"'The last thing to mend,'" Harry repeated. "Er ... no idea . . . 'middle of middle' . . .

could I have the last bit again?"

her gave A  a spy the last four lines.

"'The sound often heard during the search for a hardtofind word,'" said Harry.

"Er . . . that'd be ... er ... hang on  'er'! Er's a sound!"

a sphinx smiled at A  a spy.

"Spy ... er ... spy ... er ..." said Harry, pacing up and down. "A creature I wouldn't want to kiss . . . a spider!"

a sphinx smiled more broadly. a sphinx got up, stretched a sphinx front legs, and then moved aside for A  a spy to pass.

"Thanks!" said Harry, and, amazed at Harry own brilliance, Harry dashed forward.

Harry had to be close now, Harry had to be. ... his wand was telling Harry Harry was bang on course; as long as Harry didn't meet anything too horrible, Harry might have a chance. . .

Harry broke into a run. Harry had a choice of paths up ahead. "Point Me!" Harry whispered again to his wand, and his wand spun around and pointed Harry to the righthand one. Harry dashed up this one and saw light ahead.

the Triwizard Cup was gleaming on a plinth a hundred yards away. Suddenly a dark figure hurtled out onto the path in front of a dark figure.

Cedric was going to get there first. Cedric was sprinting as fast as Cedric could toward the Triwizard Cup, and Harry knew Harry would never catch up, Cedric was much taller, had much longer legs  Harry Harry saw something immense over a hedge to Harry left, moving quickly along a path that intersected with Harry own; it was moving so fast Cedric was about to run into it, and Cedric, so fast Cedric eyes on the Triwizard Cup, had not seen it  "Cedric!" Harry bellowed. "On your left!"

Cedric looked around just in time to hurl "

Cedric past the thing and avoid colliding with the thing, but in "

Cedric haste, "

Cedric tripped. Harry saw Cedric's wand fly out of "

Cedric hand as a gigantic spider stepped into the path and began to bear down upon Cedric.

"Stupefy!" Harry yelled; the spell hit a gigantic spider's gigantic, hairy black body, but for all the good it did, Harry might as well have thrown a stone at a stone; a gigantic spider jerked, scuttled around, and ran at Harry instead.

"Stupefy! Impedimenta! Stupefy!"

But it was no use  a gigantic spider was either so large, or so magical, that the spells were doing no more than aggravating a gigantic spider. Harry had one horrifying glimpse of eight shining black eyes and razorsharp pincers before it was upon him.

Harry was lifted into the air in the air front legs; struggling madly, Harry tried to kick the air; Harry leg connected with the pincers and next moment Harry was in excruciating pain. Harry could hear Cedric yelling "Stupefy!" too, but Harry spell had no more effect than Harry's  Harry raised Harry's  Harry as a gigantic spider opened a gigantic spider pincers once more and shouted "Expelliarmus!"

a gigantic spider worked  the Disarming Spell made a gigantic spider drop Harry, but that meant that Harry fell twelve feet onto Harry already injured leg, which crumpled beneath Harry.

Without pausing to think, Harry aimed high at a gigantic spider, as Harry had done with the skrewt, and shouted "Stupefy!''just as Cedric yelled the same thing.

The two spells combined did what one alone had not: a gigantic spider keeled over sideways, flattening a nearby hedge, and strewing the path with a tangle of hairy legs.

"Harry!" "Harry!" heard Cedric shouting. "You all right? Did it fall on Cedric?"

"No," Harry called back, panting. "Harry!" looked down at "Harry!" leg. it was bleeding freely. "Harry!" could see some sort of thick, gluey secretion from the spider's pincers on "Harry!" torn robes. "Harry!" tried to get up, but his leg was shaking badly and did not want to support "Harry!" weight. "Harry!" leaned against a nearby hedge, gasping for breath, and looked around.

Cedric was standing feet from the Triwizard Cup, which was gleaming behind Cedric.

"Take it, then,Harry Harry panted to Cedric. "Go on, take it. You're there."

But Cedric didn't move. Cedric merely stood there, looking at Harry. Then Cedric turned to stare at the Triwizard Cup. Harry saw the longing expression on Harry face in its golden light.

Cedric looked around at Harry again, who was now holding onto a nearby hedge to support Cedric. Cedric took a deep breath.

"You take a deep breath. You should win. That's twice you've saved my neck in here."

"That's not how it's supposed to work," Harry said. Harry felt angry; his leg was very painful, Harry was aching all over from trying to throw off the spider, and after all Harry efforts, Cedric had beaten Harry to it, just as Harry'd beaten Harry to ask Cho to the ball. "The one who reaches the Triwizard Cup first gets the points. That's you. I'm telling you, I'm not going to win any races on his leg."

Cedric took a few paces nearer to the spider, away from the Triwizard Cup, shaking Cedric head.

"No," Cedric said.

"Stop being noble," said Harry irritably. "Just take it, then we can get out of here."

Cedric watched Harry steadying Harry, holding tight to a nearby hedge.

"You told me about the dragons,Cedric Cedric said. "I would've gone down in the first task if you hadn't told me what was coming."

"I had help on that too,Harry Harry snapped, trying to mop up Harry bloody leg with his torn robes. "You helped me with the egg  we're square."

"I had help on the egg   in the first place," said Cedric.

"we're still square," said Harry, testing his bloody leg gingerly; his bloody leg shook violently as Harry put weight on his bloody leg; Harry had sprained Harry ankle when a gigantic spider had dropped Harry.

"You should've got more points on the second task," said Cedric mulishly. "You stayed behind to get all the hostages. I should've done that."

"I was the only one who was thick enough to take that song seriously!" said Harry bitterly. "Just take the Triwizard Cup!"

"No," said Cedric.

Harry stepped over a gigantic spider's tangled legs to join Harry, who stared at Harry. Cedric was serious. Cedric was walking away from the sort of glory Hufflepuff House hadn't had in centuries.

"Go on,Cedric Cedric said. Cedric looked as though this was costing Cedric every ounce of resolution Cedric had, but Cedric face was set, Cedric arms were folded, Cedric seemed decided.

Harry looked from Cedric to the Triwizard Cup. For one shining moment, Harry saw Harry emerging from the maze, holding it. Harry saw Harry holding the Triwizard Cup aloft, heard the roar of the crowd, saw his face shining with admiration, more clearly than Harry had ever seen his face before . . . and then the picture faded, and Harry found Harry staring at Cedric's shadowy, stubborn face.

"Both of us," Harry said.

"What?"

"Both of us'll take it at the same time. It's still a Hogwarts victory. Both of us'll tie for It."

Cedric stared at Harry. Cedric unfolded his arms.

"You  you sure?"

"Yeah," said Harry. "Yeah . . . Both of us've helped each other out, haven't Both of us? We both got here. LetBoth of us just take it together."

For a moment, Cedric looked as though Cedric couldn't believe Cedric ears; then his face split in a grin.

"You're on," Cedric said. "Come here."

Cedric grabbed Harrys arm below the shoulder and helped Harry limp toward the plinth where the Triwizard Cup stood. When they had reached it, they held a hand out over one of the Triwizard Cup's gleaming handles.

"On three, right?" said Harry. "One  two  three "

He and Cedric both grasped a handle.

Instantly, Harry felt a jerk somewhere behind Harry navel. Harry feet had left the ground. Harry could not unclench the hand holding the Triwizard Cup; His feet was pulling Harry onward in a howl of wind and swirling color, Cedric at Cedric side.

CHAPTER THIRTYTWO  FLESH, BLOOD, AND BONE

Harry felt BONE

Harry slam into the ground; BONE

Harry injured leg gave way, and BONE

Harry fell forward; BONE

Harry hand let go of the Triwizard Cup at last. BONE

Harry raised BONE

Harry head.

"Where are we?" BONE

Harry said.

Cedric shook his head. Cedric got up, pulled Harry to His feet, and they looked around.

they had left the Hogwarts grounds completely; they had obviously traveled miles  perhaps hundreds of miles  for even the mountains surrounding the castle were gone. they were standing instead in a dark and overgrown graveyard; the black outline of a small church was visible beyond a large yew tree to they right. A hill rose above they to they left. Harry could just make out the outline of a fine old house on the hillside.

Cedric looked down at the Triwizard Cup and then up at Harry.

"Did anyone tell you the Triwizard Cup was a Portkey?" Cedric asked.

"Nope," said Harry. Cedric was looking around the graveyard. It was completely silent and slightly eerie. "Is this supposed to be part of the first task?"

"I dunno," said Cedric. Cedric sounded slightly nervous. "Wands out, d'you reckon?"

"Yeah," said Harry, glad that Cedric had made the suggestion rather than Cedric.

They pulled out They wands. Harry kept looking around Harry. Harry had, yet again, the strange feeling that They were being watched.

"Someone's coming," Someone said suddenly.

Squinting tensely through the darkness, They watched the figure drawing nearer, walking steadily toward They between the graves. Harry couldn't make out a face, but from the way it was walking and holding it arms, Harry could tell that it was carrying something. Whoever it was, Harry was short, and wearing a hooded cloak pulled up over Harry head to obscure Harry face. And  several paces nearer, the gap between them closing all the time  Harry saw that the thing in the persons arms looked like a baby ... or was it merely a bundle of robes!

Harry lowered his wand slightly and glanced sideways at Cedric. Cedric shot Cedric a quizzical look. They both turned back to watch the approaching figure.

it stopped beside a towering marble headstone, only six feet from They. For a second. Harry and Cedric and the short figure simply looked at one another.

And then, without warning, Harry's scar exploded with pain. Harry's scar was agony such as

Harry had never felt in all Harry life; his wand slipped from Harry fingers as Harry put Harry hands over his face; Harry knees buckled; Harry was on the ground and Harry could see nothing at all; his head was about to split open.

From far away, above his head, Harry heard a high, cold voice say, "Kill the spare."

A swishing noise and a second voice, which screeched the words to the night: "Avada Kedavra!"

A blast of green light blazed through Harry's eyelids, and Harry heard something heavy fall to the ground beside Harry; the pain in Harry's scar reached such a pitch that Harry retched, and then it diminished; terrified of what Harry was about to see, Harry opened Harry stinging eyes.

Cedric was lying spreadeagled on the ground beside Cedric. Cedric was dead.

For a second that contained an eternity, Harry stared into Cedric's face, at Harry open gray eyes, blank and expressionless as the windows of a deserted house, at Harry halfopen mouth, which looked slightly surprised. And then, before Harry's mind had accepted what Harry was seeing, before Harry could feel anything but numb disbelief, Harry felt Harry being pulled to His feet.

Harry had put down Harry bundle, lit his wand, and was dragging Harry toward the marble headstone. Harry saw the name upon the name flickering in the wandlight before Harry was forced around and slammed against the name.

TOM RIDDLE Harry was now conjuring tight cords around Harry, tying Harry from neck to ankles to the marble headstone. Harry could hear shallow, fast breathing from the depths of the hood; Harry struggled, and Harry hit Harry  hit Harry with a hand that had a finger missing. And Harry realized who was under the hood. It was Wormtail.

"You!" he gasped.

But Wormtail, who had finished conjuring the ropes, did not reply; he was busy checking the tightness of the cords, he trembling uncontrollably, rumbling over the knots. Once sure that Harry was bound so tightly to the headstone that Harry couldn't move an inch, Wormtail drew a length of some black material from the inside of the cloak and stuffed the cloak roughly into Harry's mouth; then, without a word, Harry turned from Harry and hurried away. Harry couldn't make a sound, nor could Harry see where Wormtail had gone; Harry couldn't turn his head to see beyond the marble headstone; Harry could see only what was right in front of Harry.

Cedric's body was lying some twenty feet away. Some way beyond Harry, glinting in the starlight, lay the Triwizard Cup. his wand was on the ground at Cedric's feet. The bundle of robes that Harry had thought was a baby was close by, at the foot of the grave. It seemed to be stirring fretfully. Harry watched It, and Harry scar

seared with pain again . . . and Harry suddenly knew that Harry didn't want to see what was in his torn robes ... Harry didn't want The bundle of robes that Harry had thought opened....

Harry could hear noises at His feet. Harry looked down and saw a gigantic snake slithering through the grass, circling the headstone where Harry was tied. Wormtail's fast, wheezy breathing was growing louder again. It sounded as though Harry was forcing something heavy across the ground. Then Harry came back within Harry's range of vision, and Harry saw Harry pushing a stone cauldron to the foot of the gravethe grave. It was full of what seemed to be water  Harry could hear It slopping around  and It was larger than any cauldron Harry had ever used; a great stone belly large enough for a fullgrown man to sit in.

The thing inside the bundle of robes on the ground was stirring more persistently, as though It was trying to free It. Now Wormtail was busying Wormtail at the bottom of the cauldron with a wand. Suddenly there were crackling names beneath a wand. The large snake slithered away into the darkness.

The liquid in the cauldron seemed to heat very fast. The surface began not only to bubble, but to send out fiery sparks, as though The surface were on fire. Steam was thickening, blurring the outline of Wormtail tending the fire. The movements beneath the robes became more agitated. And Harry heard the high, cold voice again.

"Hurry!"

The whole surface of the water was alight with fiery sparks now. The whole surface of the water might have been encrusted with diamonds.

"The whole surface of the water is ready. Master."

"Now ..." said the cold voice.

Wormtail pulled open the robes on the ground, revealing what was inside the robes on the ground, and Harry let out a yell that was strangled in the wad of material blocking Harry mouth.

It was as though Wormtail had flipped over a stone and revealed something ugly, slimy, and blind  but worse, a hundred times worse. The thing Wormtail had been carrying had the shape of a crouched human child, except that Harry had never seen anything less like a child. It was hairless and scalylooking, a dark, raw, reddish black. It arms and legs were thin and feeble, and It face  no child alive ever had a face like that  flat and snakelike, with gleaming red eyes.

The thing Wormtail had been carrying seemed almost helpless; The thing Wormtail had been carrying raised The thing Wormtail had been carrying thin arms, put them around Wormtail's neck, and Wormtail lifted The thing Wormtail had been carrying. As he did so, he fell back, and Harry saw the look of revulsion on Wormtail's weak, pale face in the firelight as he carried the creature to the rim of the cauldron. For one moment, Harry saw the evil, flat face illuminated in the sparks dancing on the surface of the potion. And then Wormtail lowered the creature into the cauldron; there was a hiss, and the creature

vanished below the surface; Harry heard the creature frail body hit the bottom with a soft thud.

Let its frail body drown, Harry thought, Harry scar burning almost past endurance, please. . . let its frail body drown. . . .

Wormtail was speaking. Harry voice shook; Harry seemed frightened beyond Harry wits.

Harry raised his wand, closed Harry eyes, and spoke to the night.

"Bone of the father, unknowingly given, you wil lrenew your son!"

The surface of the grave at His feet cracked. Horrified, Harry watched as a fine trickle of dust rose into the air at Wormtail's command and fell softly into the cauldron. The surface of the grave at Harry's feet broke and hissed; The surface of the grave at Harry's feet sent sparks in all directions and turned a vivid, poisonouslooking blue.

And now Wormtail was whimpering. Harry pulled a long, thin, shining silver dagger from inside the cloak. His voice broke into petrified sobs.

"Flesh  of the servant  wwillingly given  you will  revive  your master. "

Harry stretched Harry right hand out in front of Harry  his right hand with the missing finger.

Harry gripped a long, thin, shining silver dagger from inside his cloak very tightly in his right hand and swung a long, thin, shining silver dagger from inside his cloak upward.

Harry realized what Wormtail was about to do a second before Wormtail happened  Harry closed his eyes as tightly as Harry could, but Harry could not block the scream that pierced the night, that went through Harry as though Harry had been stabbed with a long, thin, shining silver dagger from inside his cloak too. Harry heard something fall to the ground, heard Wormtail's anguished panting, then a sickening splash, as something was dropped into the cauldron.

Harry couldn't stand to look . . . but the potion had turned a burning red; the light of the potion shone through Harry's closed eyelids. . . .

Wormtail was gasping and moaning with agony. Not until Harry felt Wormtail's anguished breath on Harry face did Harry realize that Wormtail was right in front of Harry.

"Bblood of the enemy . . . forcibly taken .. . you will. . . resurrect your foe."

Harry could do nothing to prevent it, Harry was tied too tightly. . .. Squinting down, struggling hopelessly at the ropes binding Harry, Harry saw a long, thin, shining silver dagger from inside his cloak remaining hand. Harry felt a long, thin, shining silver dagger from inside his cloak point penetrate the crook of Harry right arm and blood seeping down the sleeve of Harry torn robes. Wormtail, still panting with pain, rumbled in Harry pocket for a glass vial and held a glass vial to Harry's cut, so that a dribble of blood fell into a dribble of blood.

Harry staggered back to the cauldron with Harrys blood. Harry poured Harrys blood inside. The liquid within turned, instantly, a blinding white. Wormtail, Wormtail job done, dropped to Wormtail knees beside the cauldron with Harrys blood, then slumped sideways and lay on the ground, cradling the bleeding stump of Wormtail arm, gasping and sobbing.

the cauldron with Harrys blood was simmering, sending the cauldron with Harrys blood diamond sparks in all directions, so

blindingly bright that the cauldron with Harrys blood turned all else to velvety blackness. Nothing happened. . . .

Let the cauldron with Harrys blood have drowned. Harry thought, let the cauldron with Harrys blood have gone wrong. . .  And then, suddenly, the sparks emanating from the cauldron with Harrys blood were extinguished. A surge of white steam billowed thickly from the cauldron with Harrys blood instead, obliterating everything in front of Harry, so that Harry couldn't see Wormtail or Cedric or anything but vapor hanging in the air. ... It's gone wrong, Harry thought. . . it's drowned. .. please . . . please let it be dead. ...

But then, through the mist in front of Harry, Harry saw, with an icy surge of terror, the dark outline of a man, tall and skeletally thin, rising slowly from inside the cauldron with Harrys blood.

"Robe me," said the high, cold voice from behind the steam, and Wormtail, sobbing and moaning, still cradling Harry mutilated arm, scrambled to pick up the black robes from the ground, got to His feet, reached up, and pulled the black robes from the ground one handed over Harry master's head.

Harry stepped out of the cauldron with Harrys blood, staring at Harry . . . and Harry stared back into the face that had haunted Harry nightmares for three years. Whiter than a skull, with wide, livid scarlet eyes and a nose that was flat as a snakes with slits for nostrils . . .

Lord Voldemort had risen again.

CHAPTER THIRTYTHREE  Lord Voldemort looked away from Harry and began examining Lord Voldemort own body. Lord Voldemort hands were like large, pale spiders; Lord Voldemort long white fingers caressed Lord Voldemort own chest, Lord Voldemort arms, Lord Voldemort face; the red eyes, whose pupils were slits, like a cats, gleamed still more brightly through the darkness. Lord Voldemort held up His hands and flexed his long white fingers, Lord Voldemort expression rapt and exultant. Lord Voldemort took not the slightest notice of Wormtail, who lay twitching and bleeding on the ground, nor of the great snake, which had slithered back into sight and was circling Harry again, hissing. Lord Voldemort slipped one of His hands into a deep pocket and drew out a wand. Lord Voldemort caressed it gently too; and then Lord Voldemort raised it, and pointed it at Wormtail, who was lifted off the ground and thrown against the headstone where Harry was tied; Harry fell to the foot of it and lay there, crumpled up and crying. Lord Voldemort turned Lord Voldemort scarlet eyes upon Harry, laughing a high, cold, mirthless laugh.

Wormtail's robes were shining with blood now; Lord Voldemort had wrapped the stump of Lord Voldemort arm in Wormtail's robes.

"My Lord . . ." Lord Voldemort choked, "my Lord . . . you promised . . . you did promise ..."

"Hold out your arm," said Lord Voldemort lazily.

"Oh Master . . . thank you, Master ..."

Lord Voldemort extended the stump of his arm, but Lord Voldemort laughed again.

"The other arm, Wormtail."

"Master, please . . .please ..."

Lord Voldemort bent down and pulled out Wormtail's left arm; Lord Voldemort forced the sleeve of Wormtail's robes up past Lord Voldemort elbow, and Harry saw something upon the skin there, something like a vivid red tattoo  a skull with a snake protruding from a vivid red tattoo   mouth  the image that had appeared in the sky at the Quidditch World Cup: the Dark Mark. Lord Voldemort examined the skin there carefully, ignoring Wormtail's uncontrollable weeping.

"It is back," Lord Voldemort said softly, "they will all have noticed the skin there... and now, we shall see ...

now we shall know ..."

Lord Voldemort pressed Lord Voldemort long white forefinger to the brand on Wormtail's arm.

The scar on Harry forehead seared with a sharp pain again, and Wormtail let out a fresh howl; Lord Voldemort removed Lord Voldemort fingers from Wormtail's mark, and Harry saw that it had turned jet black.

A look of cruel satisfaction on Harry face, Lord Voldemort straightened up, threw back Harry

head, and stared around at the dark graveyard.

"How many will be brave enough to return when they feel it?" Harry whispered, Harry gleaming red eyes fixed upon the stars. "And how many will be foolish enough to stay away?"

Harry began to pace up and down before Harry and Wormtail, eyes sweeping the graveyard all the while. After a minute or so, Harry looked down at Harry again, a cruel smile twisting Harry snakelike face.

"You stand, Harry Potter, upon the remains of the father," Harry Potter hissed softly. "A Muggle and a fool. . . very like your dear mother. But they both had they uses, did they not? your dear mother died to defend you as a child . . . and I killed the father, and see how useful the father has proved the father, in death. ...Lord Voldemort laughed again. Up and down the father paced, looking all around the father as the father walked, and the snake continued to circle in the grass.

"You see that house upon the hillside, Harry Potter? the father lived there. My mother, a witch who lived here in this village, fell in love with the father. But the father abandoned your dear mother when your dear mother told the father what your dear mother was. ... the father didn't like magic, my father . . .

"the father left your dear mother and returned to the father Muggle parents before I was even born. Potter, and your dear mother died giving birth to the father, leaving me to be raised in a Muggle orphanage . . . but I vowed to find the father ... I revenged the father upon the father, that fool who gave me the father name . . . Tom Riddle. . . ."

Still Tom Riddle paced, Tom Riddle red eyes darting from grave to grave.

"Listen to Tom Riddle, reliving family history . . ." Tom Riddle said quietly, "why, I am growing quite sentimental. . . . But look, Harry! My true family returns. . . ."

The air was suddenly full of the swishing of cloaks. Between graves, behind the yew tree, in every shadowy space, wizards were Apparating. All of them were hooded and masked. And one by one them moved forward . . . slowly, cautiously, as though them could hardly believe them eyes Lord Voldemort stood in silence, waiting for them. Then one of the Death Eaters fell to Lord Voldemort , crawled toward Lord Voldemort and kissed the hem of Lord Voldemort black robes.

Master . . . Master " Master murmured.

the Death Eaters did the same; each of them approaching Lord Voldemort on his knees and kissing his black robes, before backing away and standing up, forming a silent circle, which enclosed Tom Riddle grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching heap that was Wormtail. Yet them left gaps in a silent circle, which enclosed Tom Riddle s grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching heap that was Wormtail, as though waiting for more people. Lord Voldemort, however, did not seem to expect more. Lord Voldemort looked around at the hooded faces, and though there was no wind rustling seemed to run around a silent circle, which enclosed Tom Riddle s grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching heap that was Wormtail, as though there was had shivered.

"Welcome, the Death Eaters," said Lord Voldemort quietly. "Thirteen years. . . thirteen years since last we met. Yet you answer my call as though my call were yesterday, we are still united under the Dark Mark, then! Or are we?"

He put back He terrible face and sniffed, He slitlike nostrils widening.

"I smell guilt," He said. "There is a stench or guilt upon the air.

A second shiver ran around a silent circle, which enclosed Tom Riddle s grave, Harry, Voldemort, and the sobbing and twitching heap that was Wormtail, as though each member of A second shiver longed, but did not dare to step back from He.

"I see you all, whole and healthy, with your powers intact  such prompt appearances! and I ask He . . . why did this band of wizards never come to the aid of wizards master, to whom wizards swore eternal loyalty?"

No one spoke. No one moved except Wormtail, who was upon the ground, still sobbing over his bleeding arm.

"And I answer He," whispered Voldemort, "they must have believed me broken, they thought I was gone. they slipped back among my enemies, and they pleaded innocence, and ignorance, and bewitchment. . . .

"And then I ask He, but how could they have believed I would not rise again!

they, who knew the steps I took, long ago, to guard He against mortal death!

They, who had seen proofs of the immensity of my power in the times when I was mightier than any wizard living!

"And I answer He, perhaps they believed a still greater power could exist, one that could vanquish even Lord Voldemort. . . perhaps they now pay allegiance to another . . . perhaps that champion of commoners, of Mudbloods and Muggles, Albus Dumbledore?"

At the mention of Dumbledore's name, the members of the circle stirred, and some muttered and shook the members of the circle heads. Lord Voldemort ignored Lord Voldemort.

"It is a disappointment to He ... I confess He disappointed. . . ."

One of the men suddenly flung He forward, breaking the circle. Trembling from head to foot, He collapsed at Lord Voldemort's feet.

"Master!" He shrieked, "Master, forgive me! Forgive us all!Lord Voldemort began to laugh. Lord Voldemort raised Lord Voldemort wand.

"Crucio!"

The Death Eater on the ground writhed and shrieked; Harry was sure the sound must carry to the houses around. . . . Let the police come, Harry thought desperately . .

. anyone . .. anything. . .

Lord Voldemort raised his wand. The tortured Death Eater lay flat upon the ground,

gasping.

"Get up, Avery," said Lord Voldemort softly. "Stand up. You ask for forgiveness? I do not forgive. I do not forget. Thirteen long years ... I want thirteen years' repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail has paid some of Wormtail debt already, have you not, Wormtail?"

Wormtail looked down at Wormtail, who continued to sob.

"You returned to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear of your old friends. You deserve this pain, Wormtail. You know that, don't you?"

"Yes, Master," moaned Wormtail, "please. Master . . . please ..."

"Yet you helped return me to his own body," said Lord Voldemort coolly, watching Wormtail sob on the ground. "Worthless and traitorous as you are, you helped me ... and Lord Voldemort rewards Lord Voldemort helpers... ."

Lord Voldemort raised his wand again and whirled his wand through the air. A streak of what looked like molten silver hung shining in his wand's wake. Momentarily shapeless, it writhed and then formed it into a gleaming replica of a human hand, bright as moonlight, which soared downward and fixed it upon Wormtails bleeding wrist.

Wormtail's sobbing stopped abruptly. Wormtail's sobbing breathing harsh and ragged, Wormtail's sobbing raised Wormtail's sobbing and stared in disbelief at the silver hand, now attached seamlessly to Wormtail's sobbing arm, as though Wormtail's sobbing were wearing a dazzling glove. Wormtail's sobbing flexed the shining fingers, then, trembling, picked up a small twig on the ground and crushed a small twig into powder.

"My Lord," My Lord whispered. "Master ... it is beautiful. . . thank you... thank you. ..."

My Lord scrambled forward on My Lord and kissed the hem of his black robes.

"May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail," said Lord Voldemort.

"No, My Lord . . . never, My Lord . . ."

Wormtail stood up and took Wormtail place in the circle, staring at the silver hand, Wormtail face still shining with tears. Lord Voldemort now approached the man on Wormtail's right.

"Lucius, my slippery friend," Wormtail whispered, halting before Wormtail. "I am told that you have not renounced the old ways, though to the world you present a respectable face. You are still ready to take the lead in a spot of Muggletorture, I believe? Yet you never tried to find me, Lucius. . . . Your exploits at the Quidditch World Cup were fun, I daresay. . . but might not your energies have been better directed toward finding and aiding Master?"

"My Lord, I was constantly on the alert," came Lucius Malfoy's voice swiftly from beneath the hood. "Had there been any sign from you, any whisper of your

whereabouts, I would have been at your side immediately, nothing could have prevented me "

"And yet you ran from my Mark, when a faithful Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer?" said Lord Voldemort lazily, and Lucius Malfoy's stopped talking abruptly.

"Yes, I know all about that, Lucius. . . . You have disappointed me. ... I expect more faithful service in the future."

"Of course, My Lord, of course. . . . You are merciful, thank you. ...Lord Voldemort moved on, and stopped, staring at the space  large enough for two people  that separated Lucius Malfoy's and the next man.

"The Lestranges should stand here," said Lord Voldemort quietly. "But The Lestranges are entombed in Azkaban. The Lestranges were faithful. The Lestranges went to Azkaban rather than renounce me. . . . When Azkaban is broken open, The Lestranges will be honored beyond The Lestranges dreams. The dementors will join us ... The dementors are us natural allies ... us will recall the banished giants ... I shall have all my devoted servants returned to me, and an army of creatures whom all fear. ..."

that walked on. Some of the Death Eaters that passed in silence, but that paused before others and spoke to others.

"Macnair . . . destroying dangerous beasts for the Ministry of Magic now, Wormtail tells me? You shall have better victims than that soon, "Macnair. Lord Voldemort will provide. ..."

"Thank you, Master . . . thank you," murmured "Macnair.

"And hereLord Voldemort moved on to the two largest hooded figures  "we have Crabbe . . . you will do better this time, will you not, Crabbe? And you, Goyle?"

They bowed clumsily, muttering dully.

"Yes, Master ..."

"us will, Master...."

"The same goes for you, Nott," said Lord Voldemort quietly as Lord Voldemort walked past a stooped figure in Mr. Goyles shadow.

"My Lord, I prostrate me before They, I am your most faithful "

"That will do," said Lord Voldemort.

Lord Voldemort had reached the largest gap of all, and Lord Voldemort stood surveying it with Lord Voldemort blank, red eyes, as though Lord Voldemort could see people standing there.

"And here we have six missing the Death Eaters . . . three dead in my service. One, too cowardly to return ... the Death Eaters will pay. One, who I believe has left me forever ... the Death Eaters will be killed, of course . . . and one, who remains my most faithful servant, and

who has already reentered my service."

the Death Eaters stirred, and Harry saw the Death Eaters eyes dart sideways at one another through the Death Eaters masks.

"Harry is at Hogwarts, that faithful servant, and it was through Harry efforts that our young friend arrived here tonight. . . .

"Yes," said Voldemort, a grin curling Harry lipless mouth as the eyes of the circle flashed in Harry's direction. "Harry Potter has kindly joined our for my rebirthing party. One might go so far as to call Harry Potter my guest of honor."

There was a silence. Then the Death Eater to the right of Wormtail stepped forward, and Lucius Malfoy's voice spoke from under the mask.

"Master, our crave to know ... our beg you to tell our ... how you have achieved this .

. . this miracle . . . how you managed to return to our. .. ."

"Ah, what a story it is, Lucius," said Lord Voldemort. "And it begins  and ends  with my young friend here."

Lucius walked lazily over to stand next to Harry, so that the eyes of the whole circle were upon the two of the eyes of the whole circle. The snake continued to circle.

"You know, of course, that they have called this boy my downfall?" Lord Voldemort said softly, Lord Voldemort red eyes upon Harry, whose scar began to burn so fiercely that Lord Voldemort almost screamed in agony. "You all know that on the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill Lord Voldemort. Lord Voldemort mother died in the attempt to save Lord Voldemort  and unwittingly provided Lord Voldemort with a protection I admit I had not foreseen. ... I could not touch this boy."

Lord Voldemort raised one of Lord Voldemort long white fingers and put his long white fingers very close to Harry's cheek.

"His mother left upon Harry the traces other sacrifice. . . . This is old magic, I should have remembered This, I was foolish to overlook This... but no matter. I can touch Harry now."

Harry felt the cold tip of the long white finger touch Harry, and thought his

head would burst with the pain. Lord Voldemort laughed softly in Lord Voldemort ear, then took the long white finger away and continued addressing the Death Eaters.

"I miscalculated, my friends, I admit the long white finger. My curse was deflected by the woman's foolish sacrifice, and My curse rebounded upon Harry. Aaah . . . pain beyond pain, my friends; nothing could have prepared me for it. I was ripped from my body, I was less than spirit, less than the meanest ghost. . . but still, I was alive. What I was, even I do not know... I, who have gone further than anybody along the path that leads to immortality. You know my goal  to conquer death. And now, I was tested, and it appeared that one or more of my experiments had worked ... for I had not been killed, though My curse should have done My curse. Nevertheless, I was as

powerless as the weakest creature alive, and without the means to help Harry...

for I had no body, and every spell that might have helped me required the use of a wand. . . .

"I remember only forcing Harry, sleeplessly, endlessly, second by second, to exist. ... I settled in a faraway place, in a forest, and I waited. . . . Surely, one of my faithful the Death Eaters would try and find me. . . one of my faithful Death Eaters would come and perform the magic I could not, to restore me to a body . . , but I waited in vain. ..."

The shiver ran once more around the circle of listening the Death Eaters. Lord Voldemort let the silence spiral horribly before continuing.

"Only one power remained to Harry. I could possess the bodies of others. But I dared not go where other humans were plentiful, for I knew that the Aurors were still abroad and searching for Harry.

I sometimes inhabited animals  snakes, of course, being my preference  but I was little better off inside them than as pure spirit, for them bodies were ill adapted to perform magic . . . and my possession of them shortened them lives; none of them lasted long. . . .

"Then . . . four years ago . . . the means for my return seemed assured. A wizard  young, foolish, and gullible  wandered across my path in the forest I had made my home. Oh, he seemed the very chance I had been dreaming of... for he was a teacher at Dumbledore's school... he was easy to bend to my will... he brought me back to this country, and after a while, I took possession of he body, to supervise he closely as he carried out my orders. But my plan failed. I did not manage to steal the Sorcerer's Stone. I was not to be assured immortal life. I was thwarted . . .

thwarted, once again, by Harry Potter. ..."

Silence once more; nothing was stirring, not even the leaves on the yew tree. the Death Eaters were quite motionless, the glittering eyes in the Death Eaters masks fixed upon Lord Voldemort, and upon Harry.

"The servant died when I left The servant , and I was left as weak as ever I had been,Lord Voldemort continued. "I returned to my hiding place far away, and I will not pretend to you that I didn't then fear that I might never regain my powers. . . . Yes, that was perhaps my darkest hour... I could not hope that I would be sent another wizard to possess . . . and I had given up hope, now, that any of the Death Eaters cared what had become of me. ..."

One or two of the masked wizards in the circle moved uncomfortably, but Lord Voldemort took no notice.

"And then, not even a year ago, when I had almost abandoned hope, it happened at last... a servant returned to me. Wormtail here, who had faked a servant own death to escape justice, was driven out of hiding by those a servant had once counted friends, and decided to return to a servant master. a servant sought me in the country where it had long been rumored I was hiding . . . helped, of course, by the rats a servant met along the way.

Wormtail has a curious affinity with rats, do you not, Wormtail? Wormtail filthy little friends told Wormtail there was a place, deep in an Albanian forest, that His filthy little friends avoided, where small animals like His filthy little friends had met His filthy little friends deaths by a dark shadow that possessed His filthy little friends. . . .

"But Wormtail journey back to me was not smooth, was his journey back to me, Wormtail? For, hungry one night, on the edge of the very forest where Wormtail had hoped to find me, Wormtail foolishly stopped at an inn for some food . . . and who should Wormtail meet there, but one Bertha Jorkins, a witch from the Ministry of Magic.

"Now see the way that fate favors Lord Voldemort. This might have been the end of Wormtail, and of my last hope for regeneration. But Wormtaildisplaying a presence of mind I would never have expected from Wormtail  convinced Bertha Jorkins to accompany Wormtail on a nighttime stroll. Wormtail overpowered Bertha Jorkins ... Wormtail brought Bertha Jorkins to me. And Bertha Jorkins, who might have ruined all, proved instead to be a gift beyond my wildest dreams ... for  with a little persuasion  Bertha Jorkins became a veritable mine of information.

"Bertha Jorkins told me that the Triwizard Tournament would be played at Hogwarts this year. Bertha Jorkins told me that Bertha Jorkins knew of a faithful Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me, if I could only contact a faithful Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me. Bertha Jorkins told me many things. . . but the means I used to break the Memory Charm upon Bertha Jorkins were powerful, and when I had extracted all useful information from Bertha Jorkins, Bertha Jorkins mind and body were both damaged beyond repair. Bertha Jorkins had now served Bertha Jorkins purpose. I could not possess Bertha Jorkins.

I disposed of Bertha Jorkins."

Lord Voldemort smiled Lord Voldemort terrible smile, Lord Voldemort red eyes blank and pitiless.

"Wormtail's body, of course, was ill adapted for possession, as all assumed Wormtail dead, and would attract far too much attention if noticed. However, Wormtail was the ablebodied servant I needed, and, poor wizard though Wormtail is, Wormtail was able to follow the instructions I gave Wormtail, which would return me to a rudimentary, weak body of my own, a body I would be able to inhabit while awaiting the essential ingredients for true rebirth ... a spell or two of my own invention ... a little help from my dear Nagini," Voldemorts red eyes fell upon the continually circling snake, "a potion concocted from unicorn blood, and the snake venom Nagini provided ... I was soon returned to an almost human form, and strong enough to travel.

"There was no hope of stealing the Sorcerer's Stone anymore, for I knew that Dumbledore would have seen to it that it was destroyed. But I was willing to embrace mortal life again, before chasing immortality. I set my sights lower ... I would settle for my old body back again, and my old strength.

"I knew that to achieve this  this   is an old piece of Dark Magic, the potion that revived me tonight  I would need three powerful ingredients. Well, one of three powerful ingredients was already at hand, was it not, Wormtail? Flesh given by a servant. . . .

"My father's bone, naturally, meant that we would have to come here, where My father was buried. But the blood of a foe ... Wormtail would have had me use any wizard, would you not, Wormtail? Any wizard who had hated me ... as so many of them still do. But I knew the one I must use, if I was to rise again, more powerful than I had been when I had fallen. I wanted Harry Potters blood. I wanted Harry Potters blood . . . for the lingering protection His mother once gave his would then reside in my veins too. .

"But how to get at Harry Potter? For his has been better protected than I think even his knows, protected in ways devised by Dumbledore long ago, when it fell to his to arrange the boy's future. Dumbledore invoked an ancient magic, to ensure the boy's protection as long as Dumbledore is in Dumbledore relations' care. Not even I can touch Dumbledore there. . . . Then, of course, there was the Quidditch World Cup. ... I thought the lingering protection his mother once gave him might be weaker there, away from Dumbledore relations and Dumbledore, but I was not yet strong enough to attempt kidnap in the midst of a horde of Ministry wizards. And then, the boy would return to Hogwarts, where the boy is under the crooked nose of that Muggleloving fool from morning until night. So how could I take the boy!

"Why ... by using Bertha Jorkins's information, of course. Use my one faithful Death Eater, stationed at Hogwarts, to ensure that the boy's name was entered into the Goblet of Fire. Use my Death Eater to ensure that the boy won the tournament  that the boy touched the Quidditch World Cup first  the cup which my Death Eater had turned into a Portkey, which would bring the boy here, beyond the reach of Dumbledore's help and protection, and into my waiting arms. And here the boy is ... the boy had been my downfall. ...Lord Voldemort moved slowly forward and turned to face Harry. Lord Voldemort raised Lord Voldemort wand.

"Crucio!"

It was pain beyond anything Harry had ever experienced; Harry very bones were on fire; Harry head was surely splitting along Harry scar; his red eyes were rolling madly in his head; Harry wanted it to end ... to black out... to die ...

And then it was gone. Harry was hanging limply in the ropes binding Harry to the headstone of Voldemort's father, looking up into his red eyes through a kind of mist. The night was ringing with the sound of the Death Eaters laughter.

"You see, I think, how foolish it was to suppose that Harry could ever have been stronger than me," said Lord Voldemort. "But I want there to be no mistake in anybody's mind. Harry Potter escaped me by a lucky chance. And I am now going to prove my power by killing Harry Potter, here and now, in front of you all, when there is no Dumbledore to help Dumbledore, and no mother to die for Dumbledore. I will give Dumbledore a lucky chance. Dumbledore will be allowed to fight, and you will be left in no doubt which of us is the stronger. Just a little longer, Nagini," Dumbledore whispered, and the snake glided away through the grass to where the Death Eaters stood watching.

"Now untie Dumbledore, Wormtail, and give Dumbledore back his wand."

CHAPTER THIRTYFOUR  PRIORI INCANTATEM

Wormtail approached Harry, who scrambled to find Wormtail feet, to support Wormtail own weight before the ropes binding him to the headstone of Voldemort's father were untied. Wormtail raised Wormtail new silver hand, pulled out the wad of material gagging Harry, and then, with one swipe, cut through the bonds tying Harry to the gravestone.

There was a split second, perhaps, when Harry might have considered running for it, but Harry injured leg shook under Harry as Harry stood on the overgrown grave, as the Death Eaters the Death Eaters closed ranks, forming a tighter circle around Harry and Voldemort, so that the gaps where the missing Death Eaters should have stood were filled.

Wormtail walked out of the circle to the place where Cedric's body lay and returned with Harry's wand, which Harry thrust roughly into Harry's hand without looking at Harry. Then Wormtail resumed Wormtail place in the circle of watching Death Eaters.

"You have been taught how to duel. Harry Potter?" said Lord Voldemort softly, his red eyes glinting through the darkness.

At these words Harry remembered, as though from a former life, the dueling club at Hogwarts Harry had attended briefly two years ago. ... All Harry had learned there was the Disarming Spell, "Expelliarmus". . . and what use would it be to deprive Lord Voldemort of his wand, even if Lord Voldemort could, when Lord Voldemort was surrounded by Death Eaters, outnumbered by at least thirty to one? Lord Voldemort had never learned anything that could possibly fit Lord Voldemort for this. Lord Voldemort knew Lord Voldemort was facing the thing against which Moody had always warned . . . the unblockable Avada Kedavra curse  and Lord Voldemort was right  His mother was not here to die for Lord Voldemort this time. ... Lord Voldemort was quite unprotected. . . .

"We bow to each other. Harry," said Lord Voldemort, bending a little, but keeping Harry snakelike face upturned to Harry. "Come, the niceties must be observed. . . .

Dumbledore would like you to show manners. . . . Bow to death, Harry. ..."

Death Eaters were laughing again. Voldemorts lipless mouth was smiling.

Harry did not bow. Harry was not going to let Lord Voldemort play with Harry before killing Harry ... Harry was not going to give Harry that satisfaction. . . .

"I said, bow,Lord Voldemort said, raising Lord Voldemort wand  and Harry felt Harry spine curve as though a huge, invisible hand were bending Harry ruthlessly forward, and Death Eaters Death Eaters laughed harder than ever.

"Very good," said Lord Voldemort softly, and as Lord Voldemort raised his wand the pressure bearing down upon Harry lifted too. "And now you face me, like a man . . .

straightbacked and proud, the way your father died. . . .

"And now  We duel.Lord Voldemort raised his wand, and before Harry could do anything to defend Harry, before Harry could even move, Harry had been hit again by the Cruciatus Curse. The pain was so intense, so allconsuming, that Harry no longer knew where Harry was. . . .

Whitehot knives were piercing every inch of Harry skin, his head was surely going to burst with pain, Harry was screaming more loudly than Harry'd ever screamed in Harry life  And then it stopped. Harry rolled over and scrambled to his feet; Harry was shaking as uncontrollably as Wormtail had done when Harry hand had been cut off; Harry staggered sideways into the wall of watching Death Eaters, and they pushed Harry away, back toward Lord Voldemort.

"A little break," said Voldemort, the slitlike nostrils dilating with excitement, "a little pause . . . That hurt, didn't it. Harry? You don't want me to do that again, do you?"

Harry didn't answer. Harry was going to die like Cedric, those pitiless red eyes were telling Harry so ... Harry was going to die, and there was nothing Harry could do about it...

but Harry wasn't going to play along. Harry wasn't going to obey Lord Voldemort... Harry wasn't going to beg. . . .

"I asked you whether you want me to do that again," said Lord Voldemort softly.

"Answer me! Imperial"

And Harry felt, for the third time in Harry life, the sensation that Harry mind had been wiped of all thought. . . . Ah, it was bliss, not to think, it was as though Harry were floating, dreaming ...just answer no ... say no ... just answer no. .. .

I will not, said a stronger voice, in the back of his head, I won't answer. . . .

Just answer no. . . .

I won't do it, I won't say it. ...

Just answer no. . . .

"I WON'T!"

And these words burst from Harry's mouth; these words echoed through the graveyard, and the dream state was lifted as suddenly as though cold water had been thrown over Harry  back rushed the aches that the Cruciatus Curse had left all over Harry body  back rushed the realization of where Harry was, and what Harry was facing. . . .

"You won't?" said Lord Voldemort quietly, and Death Eaters were not laughing now. "You won't say no? Harry, obedience is a virtue I need to teach you before you die. . . . Perhaps another little dose of pain?"

Lord Voldemort raised his wand, but this time Harry was ready; with the reflexes born of Harry Quidditch training, Harry flung Harry sideways onto the ground; Harry rolled behind the headstone of Voldemort's father, and Harry heard it crack as the Cruciatus Curse missed Harry.

"We are not playing hideandseek, Harry," said Lord Voldemort's soft, cold voice, drawing nearer, as Death Eaters Death Eaters laughed. "You cannot hide from Death Eaters. Does this mean you are tired of We duel? Does this mean that you would prefer me to finish this now, Harry? Come out, Harry . . . come out and play, then ... it will be quick ... it might even be painless ... I would not know... I have never died. . . ."

Harry crouched behind the headstone of Voldemort's father and knew the end had come. There was no hope ... no help to be had. And as Harry heard Lord Voldemort draw nearer still, Harry knew one thing only, and it was beyond fear or reason: Harry was not going to die crouching here like a child playing hideandseek; Harry was not going to die kneeling at Voldemort s feet... Harry was going to die upright like Voldemort s father, and Harry was going to die trying to defend Harry, even if no defense was possible. . . .

Before Lord Voldemort could stick Lord Voldemort snakelike face around the headstone of Voldemort's father. Harry stood up ... Harry gripped his wand tightly in Harry hand, thrust his wand out in front of Harry, and threw Harry around the headstone of Voldemort's father, facing Lord Voldemort.

Lord Voldemort was ready. As Harry shouted, "Expelliarmus!" Lord Voldemort cried, "Avada Kedavra!"

A jet of green light issued from Voldemorts wand just as a jet of red light blasted from Harry's  they met in midair  and suddenly his wand was vibrating as though an electric charge were surging through his wand; his hand seized up around his wand; Harry couldn't have released his wand if Harry'd wanted to  and a narrow beam of light connected the two wands, neither red nor green, but bright, deep gold. Harry, following the beam with Harry astonished gaze, saw that Lord Voldemort's long white fingers too were gripping a wand that was shaking and vibrating.

And then  nothing could have prepared Harry for this  Harry felt his feet lift from the ground. Harry and Lord Voldemort were He and Voldemort being raised into the air, He and Voldemort wands still connected by that thread of shimmering golden light. He and Voldemort glided away from the tombstone of Voldemort's father and then came to rest on a patch of ground that was clear and free of graves. . . . Death Eaters were shouting; He and Voldemort were asking Lord Voldemort for instructions; He and Voldemort were closing in, reforming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the snake slithering at He and Voldemort heels, some of He and Voldemort drawing some of them wands  The golden thread connecting He and Voldemort splintered; though their wands remained connected, a thousand more beams arced high over He and Voldemort, crisscrossing all around He and Voldemort, until The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort were enclosed in a golden, domeshaped web, a cage of light, beyond which Death Eaters circled like jackals, The golden thread connecting Harry and Voldemort cries strangely muffled now. . . .

"Do nothing!" Lord Voldemort shrieked to Death Eaters, and Harry saw Lord Voldemort red eyes wide with astonishment at what was happening, saw Lord Voldemort fighting to break the

thread of light still connecting his wand with Harry's; Harry held onto his wand more tightly, with both hands, and the golden thread remained unbroken. "Do nothing unless I command you!" Lord Voldemort shouted to Death Eaters.

And then an unearthly and beautiful sound filled the air. ... It was coming from every thread of the lightspun web vibrating around Harry and Lord Voldemort. It was a sound Harry recognized, though Harry had heard It only once before in Harry life: phoenix song.

It was the sound of hope to Harry. . . the most beautiful and welcome thing Harry had ever heard in his life. . . . Harry felt as though the song were inside Harry instead of just around Harry. ... It was the sound Harry connected with Dumbledore, and it was almost as though a friend were speaking in Harry ear. . . .

Don't break the connection.

I know. Harry told the music, I know I mustn't. . . but no sooner had Harry thought it, than the thing became much harder to do. his wand began to vibrate more powerfully than ever . . . and now the beam between him and Voldemort changed too ... it was as though large beads of light were sliding up and down the thread connecting the wands  Harry felt his wand give a shudder under Harry hand as the light beads began to slide slowly and steadily Harry way. . . . The direction of the beams movement was now toward Harry, from Lord Voldemort, and Harry felt Harry wand shudder angrily. . . .

As the closest bead of light moved nearer to Harrys wand tip, the wood beneath Harry fingers grew so hot Harry feared the wood beneath his fingers would burst into flame. The closer the closest bead of light moved, his wand vibrated; Harry was sure his wand would not survive contact with his wand; his wand felt as though his wand was about to shatter under Harry fingers  Harry concentrated every last particle of Harry mind upon forcing the closest bead of light back toward Voldemort, Harry ears full of phoenix song, Harry eyes furious, fixed . . . and slowly, very slowly, the beads quivered to a halt, and then, just as slowly, they began to move the other way . . . and it was Lord Voldemort's wand that was vibrating extrahard now . . . Voldemort who looked astonished, and almost fearful. . . .

One of the beads of light was quivering, inches from the tip of Voldemorts wand.

Harry didn't understand why Harry was doing it, didn't know what it might achieve . .

. but Harry now concentrated as Harry had never done in Harry life on forcing that bead of light right back into Voldemort s wand . . . and slowly . . . very slowly ... it moved along the golden thread ... it trembled for a moment. . . and then it connected. . . .

At once, his wand began to emit echoing screams of pain . . . then  Voldemort's red eyes widened with shock  a dense, smoky hand flew out of the tip of shock   and vanished . . . the ghost of the hand he had made Wormtail. . . more shouts of pain . . . and then something much larger began to blossom from Voldemorts wand tip, a great, grayish something, that looked as though it were made of the solidest, densest smoke. ... It was a head . . . now a chest and arms . . .

the torso of Cedric Diggory.

If ever Harry might have released his wand from shock, his wand would have been then, but instinct kept Harry clutching his wand tightly, so that the thread of golden light remained unbroken, even though the thick gray ghost of Cedric Diggory (was it a ghost? it looked so solid) emerged in it entirety from the end of Voldemort s wand, as though it were squeezing it out of a very narrow tunnel. . . and this shade of Cedric stood up, and looked up and down the golden thread of light, and spoke.

"Hold on. Harry," it said.

it voice was distant and echoing. Harry looked at Lord Voldemort ... Harry wide red eyes were still shocked ... Harry had no more expected this than Harry had . . . and, very dimly. Harry heard the frightened yells of Death Eaters, prowling around the edges of the golden dome. .

More screams of pain from his wand . . . and then something else emerged from it tip ... the dense shadow of a second head, quickly followed by arms and torso ...

an old man Harry had seen only in a dream was now pushing an old man Harry had seen only in a dream out of the end of his wand just as Cedric had done . . . and an old man Harry had seen only in a dream ghost, or an old man Harry had seen only in a dream shadow, or whatever it was, fell next to Cedric's, and surveyed He and Voldemort, and the golden web, and the connected wands, with mild surprise, leaning on an old man Harry had seen only in a dream walking stick. . . .

"an old man Harry had seen only in a dream was a real wizard, then?" the old man said, an old man Harry had seen only in a dream eyes on Lord Voldemort. "Killed me, that one did. . . . You fight an old man Harry had seen only in a dream, boy. . . ."

But already, yet another head was emerging ... and this head, gray as a smoky statue, was a woman's. . . . Harry, both arms shaking now as Harry fought to keep his wand still, saw a woman drop to the ground and straighten up like the others, staring. . . .

The shadow of Bertha Jorkins surveyed the battle before a woman with wide eyes.

"Don't let go, now!" a woman cried, and a woman voice echoed like Cedrics as though from very far away. "Don't let Cedrics get you, Harry  don't let go!"

She and the other two shadowy figures began to pace around the inner walls of the golden web, while Death Eaters flitted around the outside of Death Eaters... and Lord Voldemort's dead victims whispered as Voldemort's dead victims circled the duelers, whispered words of encouragement to Harry, and hissed words Harry couldn't hear to Lord Voldemort.

And now another head was emerging from the tip of Voldemorts wand . . . and Harry knew when Harry saw it who it would be ... Harry knew, as though Harry had expected it from the moment when Cedric had appeared from wand . . . knew, because the man appearing was the one Harry'd thought of more than any other tonight. . . .

The smoky shadow of a tall man with untidy hair fell to the ground as Bertha had

done, straightened up, and looked at a tall man with untidy hair . . . and Harry, Harry arms shaking madly now, looked back into the ghostly face of Harry father.

"Your mother's coming . . ." Harry said quietly. "Your mother wants to see you ... it will be all right.. . hold on. . . ."

And Your mother came. . . first Your mother head, then Your mother body... a young woman with long hair, the smoky, shadowy form of Lily Potter blossomed from the end of Lord Voldemort's wand, fell to the ground, and straightened like Your mother husband. Your mother walked close to Harry, looking down at Harry, and Your mother spoke in the same distant, echoing voice as the others, but quietly, so that Lord Voldemort, Harry face now livid with fear as Harry victims prowled around Harry, could not hear. . ..

"When the connection is broken, we will linger for only moments . . . but we will give you time. . . you must get to the Portkey, the Portkey will return you to Hogwarts ... do you understand, Harry?"

"Yes," Harry gasped, fighting now to keep a hold on Harry wand, which was slipping and sliding beneath Harry fingers.

"Harry . . ." whispered the figure of Cedric, "take my body back, will you? Take my body back to my parents, ..."

"I will," said Harry, Harry face screwed up with the effort of holding his wand.

"Do it now," whispered his father's voice, "be ready to run . . . do it now. ..."

"NOW!" Harry yelled; Harry didn't think Harry could have held on for another moment anyway  Harry pulled his wand upward with an almighty wrench, and the golden thread broke; the cage of light vanished, the phoenix song died  but the shadowy figures of Lord Voldemort's victims did not disappear  the shadowy figures of Voldemort's victims were closing in upon Lord Voldemort, shielding Harry from Harry gaze  And Harry ran as Harry had never run in Harry life, knocking two stunned Death Eaters aside as Harry passed; Harry zigzagged behind headstones, feeling headstones curses following Harry, hearing headstones hit the headstones  Harry was dodging curses and graves, pelting toward Cedric's body, no longer aware of the pain in Harry leg, Harry whole being concentrated on what Harry had to do  "Stun Harry!" Harry heard Lord Voldemort scream.

Ten feet from Cedric, Harry dived behind a marble angel to avoid the jets of red light and saw the tip of its wing shatter as the spells hit its. Gripping his wand more tightly, his dashed out from behind the angel  "Impedimenta!" his bellowed, pointing his wildly over his shoulder at Death Eaters running at his.

From a muffled yell, his thought his had stopped at least one of Death Eaters, but there was no time to stop and look; his jumped over the cup and dived as his heard more

wand blasts behind his; more jets of light flew over his head as his fell, stretching out his hand to grab Cedric's arm...

"Stand aside! I will kill his! his is mine!" shrieked Lord Voldemort. his hand had closed on Cedric's wrist; one tombstone stood between him, from Voldemort, but Cedric was too heavy to carry, and the cup was out of reach  Voldemort's red eyes flamed in the darkness. Harry saw Harry mouth curl into a smile, saw Harry raise his wand.

"Accio!" Harry yelled, pointing his wand at the cup. his wand flew into the air and soared toward Harry. Harry caught his wand by the handle  Harry heard Lord Voldemort s scream of fury at the same moment that Harry felt the jerk behind Harry navel that meant the Portkey had worked  it was speeding Harry away in a whirl of wind and color, and Cedric along with Harry. . . . They were going back.

CHAPTER THIRTYFIVE  VERITASERUM

Harry felt Harry slam flat into the ground; Harry face was pressed into grass; the smell of his face filled Harry nostrils. Harry had closed reach  Voldemort's red eyes flamed in the darkness while the Portkey transported Harry, and Harry kept the Portkey transported him closed now. Harry did not move. All the breath seemed to have been knocked out of Harry; his head was swimming so badly Harry felt as though the ground were swaying like the deck of a ship. To hold Harry steady, Harry tightened Harry hold on the two things Harry was still clutching: the smooth, cold handle of the cup and Cedric's body. Harry felt as though Harry would slide away into the blackness gathering at the edges of Harry brain if Harry let go of either of them. Shock and exhaustion kept Harry on the ground, breathing in the smell of the grass, waiting . . . waiting for someone to do something . . . something to happen . . . and all the while, Harry scar burned dully on Harry forehead. . . .

A torrent of sound deafened and confused Harry; there were voices everywhere, footsteps, screams. ... Harry remained where Harry was, his face screwed up against the noise, as though his face were a nightmare that would pass. . . .

Then a pair of hands seized Harry roughly and turned Harry over.

"Harry! Harry!"

Harry opened reach  Voldemort's red eyes flamed in the darkness.

Harry was looking up at the starry sky, and Albus Dumbledore was crouched over Harry. The dark shadows of a crowd of people pressed in around them, pushing nearer; Harry felt the ground beneath his head reverberating with them footsteps.

Harry had come back to the edge of the maze. Harry could see the stands rising above Harry, the shapes of people moving in them, the stars above.

Harry let go of the cup, but Harry clutched Cedric to Cedric even more tightly. Harry raised Harry free hand and seized Albus Dumbledore's wrist, while Albus Dumbledore's face swam in and out of focus.

"Harry's back," Harry whispered. "Harry's back. Lord Voldemort."

"What's going on? What's happened?"

The face of Cornelius Fudge appeared upside down over Harry; The face of Cornelius Fudge looked white, appalled.

"My God  Diggory!" it whispered. "Albus DumbledoreAlbus Dumbledore's dead!"

The words were repeated, the shadowy figures of Voldemort's victims gasped The words to those around them . . . and then others shouted The words  screeched The words  into the night  "He's dead!" "He's dead!" "Cedric Diggory! Dead!"

"Harry, let go of He," He heard Fudge's voice say, and He felt fingers trying to pry He from Cedric's limp body, but Harry wouldn't let He go. Then Albus Dumbledore's face, which was still blurred and misted, came closer.

"Harry, you can't help Harry now. It's over. Let go."

"Harry wanted me to bring Harry back,Harry Harry muttered  it seemed important to explain this. "Harry wanted me to bring Harry back to Harry parents. ..."

"That's right. Harry . . . just let go now. . . ."

Albus Dumbledore bent down, and with extraordinary strength for a man so old and thin, raised Harry from the ground and set Albus Dumbledore on Albus Dumbledore feet. Harry swayed. Harry head was pounding. Harry injured leg would no longer support Harry weight. The crowd around them jostled, fighting to get closer, pressing darkly in on Harry  "What's happened?" "What's wrong with Harry?" "Diggorys dead!"

"Harry'll need to go to the hospital wing!" Fudge was saying loudly. "Harry's ill, Harry's injured  Dumbledore, Diggory's parents, Dumbledore, Diggory's parents're here, Dumbledore, Diggory's parents're in the stands. ..."

"I'll take Harry, Albus Dumbledore, I'll take Harry "

"No, I would prefer"

Albus Dumbledore, Amos Diggorys running . . . Harry's coming over. . . . Don't you think you should tell Harry  before Harry sees  ?"

HarryHarry, stay here "

Girls were screaming, sobbing hysterically.... The scene flickered oddly before Harry's eyes. . . .

"Its all right, son, I've got you . . . come on ... hospital wing . . ."

"Albus Dumbledore said stay," said Harry thickly, the pounding in his scar making Harry feel as though Harry was about to throw up; Harry vision was blurring worse than ever.

"You need to lie down. . .. Come on now...."

Someone larger and stronger than he was about to throw up was half pulling, half carrying Harry through The crowd around them. Harry heard people gasping, screaming, and shouting as the man supporting Harry pushed a path through people, taking Harry back to the castle. Across the lawn, past the lake and the Durmstrang ship, Harry heard nothing but the heavy breathing of the man helping Harry walk.

"What happened. Harry?" the man supporting him asked at last as the man supporting him lifted Harry up the stone steps. Clunk. Clunk. Clunk. It was MadEye Moody.

"Cup was a Portkey," said Harry as they crossed the entrance hall. "Took me and Cedric to a graveyard . . . and Lord Voldemort was there . . . Lord Voldemort"

Clunk. "

Clunk. Clunk. Up the marble stairs . . .

"Lord Voldemort was there? What happened then?"

"Killed Cedric . . . they killed Cedric. . . ."

"And then?"

Clunk. "

Clunk. Clunk. Along the corridor . . .

"Made a potion . . . got a potion body back. . . ."

"Lord Voldemort got his body back? a potion's returned?"

"And Death Eaters came . . . and then we dueled. ..."

"You dueled with Lord Voldemort?"

"Got away . . . his wand . . . did something funny. ... I saw my mum and dad . . .

my mum and dad came out of a potion . ..."

"In here. Harry ... in here, and sit down. . . . You'll be all right now . . . drink this.

..."

Harry heard a key scrape in a lock and felt a cup being pushed into Harry hands.

"Drink it... you'll feel better . . . come on, now. Harry, I need to know exactly what happened. ..."

Moody helped tip the stuff down Harrys throat; Moody coughed, a peppery taste burning Harrys throat. Moody office came into sharper focus, and so did Moody. ... Moody looked as white as Fudge had looked, and both eyes were fixed unblinkingly upon Harry's face.

"Voldemort's back, Harry? You're sure Moody's back? How did Moody do it?"

"Moody took stuff from Moody father's grave, and from Wormtail, and me," said Harry.

Moody head felt clearer; Moody wasn't hurting so badly; Moody could now see Moodys face distinctly, even though Moody's office was dark. Moody could still hear screaming and shouting from the distant Quidditch field.

"What did Lord Voldemort take from you?" said Moody"Blood," said Harry, raising Harry arm. Harry sleeve was ripped where Wormtail's dagger had torn His sleeve.

Moody let out Moody breath in a long, low hiss.

"And Death Eaters? Death Eaters returned?"

"Yes," said Harry. "Loads of Death Eaters . . ."

"How did Moody treat Death Eaters?" Moody asked quietly. "Did Moody forgive Death Eaters?"

But Harry had suddenly remembered. Harry should have told Albus Dumbledore, Harry should have said it straightaway  "There's a Death Eater at Hogwarts! There's a Death Eater here  Death Eaters put my name in the Goblet of Fire, Death Eaters made sure I got through to the end "

Harry tried to get up, but Moody pushed Harry back down.

"I know who a Death Eater at Hogwarts is," a Death Eater at Hogwarts said quietly.

"Karkaroff?" said Harry wildly. "Where is a Death Eater at Hogwarts? Have you got a Death Eater at Hogwarts? Is a Death Eater at Hogwarts locked up?"

"Karkaroff?" said Moody with an odd laugh. "Karkaroff fled tonight, when Karkaroff felt the Dark Mark burn upon Karkaroff . Karkaroff betrayed too many faithful supporters of Lord Voldemort to wish to meet too many faithful supporters of the Dark Lord . . . but I doubt Karkaroff will get far. Lord Voldemort has ways of tracking Lord Voldemort enemies."

"Karkaroff's gone? Lord Voldemort ran away? But then  Lord Voldemort didn't put my name in the Goblet of Fire?"

"No," said Moody. "No, Lord Voldemort didn't. It was I who did that."

Harry heard, but didn't believe.

"No, you didn't," Lord Voldemort said. "You didn't do that. . . you can't have done..."

"I assure you I did," said Moody, and Moody magical eye swung around and fixed upon the door, and Harry knew Moody was making sure that there was no one outside Moody, and his magical eye. At the same time, Moody drew out Moody and pointed his wand at Harry.

"Moody forgave them, then?" Moody said. "Death Eaters who went free? The ones who escaped Azkaban?"

"What?" said Harry.

Harry was looking at his wand Moody was pointing at Harry. This was a bad joke, This had to be.

"I asked you," said Moody quietly, "whether Moody forgave the scum who never even went to look for Moody. Those treacherous cowards who wouldn't even brave Azkaban for Moody. The faithless, worthless bits of filth who were brave enough to cavort in masks at the Quidditch World Cup, but fled at the sight of the Dark Mark when I fired it into the sky."

"You fired . . . What are you talking about. . . ?"

"I told you. Harry ... I told you. If there's one thing I hate more than any other, it's a Death Eater who walked free. They turned They backs on my master when my master needed They most. I expected my master to punish They. I expected my master to torture They.

Tell me my master

hurt They, Harry. . . ." Moody face was suddenly lit with an insane smile. "Tell me my master told They that I, I alone remained faithful... prepared to risk everything to deliver to my master the one thing my master wanted above all... you"

"You didn't... it  it can't be you. ..."

"Who put your name in the Goblet of Fire, under the name of a different school? I did. Who frightened off every person I thought might try to hurt you or prevent you from winning the tournament? I did. Who nudged Hagrid into showing you the dragons? I did. Who helped you see the only way you could beat the dragon? I did"

Moody's magical eye had now left the door. the door was fixed upon Harry. Harry lopsided mouth leered more widely than ever.

"It hasn't been easy, Harry, guiding you through these tasks without arousing suspicion. I have had to use every ounce of cunning I possess, so that my hand would not be detectable in your success. Albus Dumbledore would have been very suspicious if you had managed everything too easily. As long as you got into that maze, preferably with a decent head start  then, I knew, I would have a chance of getting rid of the other champions and leaving your way clear. But I also had to contend with your stupidity. The second task . . . that was when I was most afraid we would fail. I was keeping watch on you, Potter. I knew you hadn't worked out the egg's clue, so I had to give you another hint "

"You didn't," Harry said hoarsely. "Cedric gave me the clue "

"Who told Cedric to open it underwater? I did. I trusted that Cedric would pass the information on to Cedric. Decent people are so easy to manipulate, Potter. I was sure Cedric would want to repay you for telling Cedric about the dragons, and so Cedric did.

But even then, Potter, even then you seemed likely to fail. I was watching all the time ... all those hours in the library. Didn't you realize that the book you needed was in your dormitory all along? I planted the book you needed was in your dormitory all along there early on, I gave the book you needed was in your dormitory all along to the Longbottom boy, don't you remember? Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean. Magical Water Plants of the Mediterranean would have told you all you needed to know about gillyweed. I expected you to ask everyone and anyone you could for help. Longbottom would have told you in an instant. But you did not. . . you did not. . . . You have a streak of pride and independence that might have ruined all.

"So what could I do? Feed you information from another innocent source. You told me at the Yule Ball a houseelf called Dobby had given you a Christmas present. I called the elf to the staffroom to collect some robes for cleaning. I staged a loud conversation with Professor McGonagall about the hostages who had been taken, and whether Potter would think to use gillyweed. And your little elf friend ran straight to Snape's office and then hurried to find you..."

Moodys wand was still pointing directly at Harry's heart. Over "

Moodys wand shoulder, foggy

shapes were moving in the FoeGlass on the wall.

"You were so long in the lake and the Durmstrang ship, Potter, I thought you had drowned. But luckily, Albus Dumbledore took your idiocy for nobility, and marked you high for your idiocy. I breathed again.

"You had an easier time of your idiocy than you should have in that maze tonight, of course," said Moody. "I was patrolling around your idiocy, able to see through the outer hedges, able to curse many obstacles out of your way. I Stunned Fleur Delacour as Stunned Fleur Delacour passed. I put the Imperius Curse on Krum, so that the Imperius Curse would finish Diggory and leave your path to the cup clear."

Harry stared at Moody. Harry just didn't see how this could be. ... Albus Dumbledore's friend, the famous Auror. . . the one who had caught so many Death Eaters ... It made no sense ... no sense at all. ...

The foggy shapes in the FoeGlass were sharpening, had become more distinct.

Harry could see the outlines of three people over Moody shoulder, moving closer and closer. But Moody wasn't watching them. Moody magical eye was upon Harry.

"Lord Voldemort didn't manage to kill you. Potter, and Lord Voldemort so wanted to," whispered Moody. "Imagine how Lord Voldemort will reward me when Lord Voldemort finds I have done it for Lord Voldemort. I gave you to Lord Voldemort  the thing Lord Voldemort needed above all to regenerate  and then I killed you for Lord Voldemort. I will be honored beyond Death Eaters. I will be Lord Voldemort dearest, Lord Voldemort closest supporter . . . closer than a son. ..."

Moody normal eye was bulging, the magical eye fixed upon Harry. The door was barred, and Harry knew Harry would never reach Harry own wand in time. . . .

"Lord Voldemort and I," said Moody and Moody looked completely insane now, towering over Harry, leering down at Moody, "have much in common. Both of us, for instance, had very disappointing fathers . . . very disappointing indeed. Both of us us suffered the indignity, Harry, of being named after very disappointing fathers. And Both of us us had the pleasure . . . the very great pleasure ... of killing us fathers to ensure the continued rise of the Dark Order!"

"You're mad," Harry said  Harry couldn't stop Harry "you're mad!"

"Mad, am I?" said Moody, Harry voice rising uncontrollably. "We'll see! We'll see who's mad, now that Lord Voldemort has returned, with me at Lord Voldemort side! Lord Voldemort is back, Potter, you did not conquer Lord Voldemort  and now  I conquer you!"

Moody raised his wand, Lord Voldemort opened Lord Voldemort mouth; Harry plunged Harry own hand into Harry robes  "Stupefy!" There was a blinding flash of red light, and with a great splintering and crashing, the door of Moody office was blasted apart  Moody was thrown backward onto the office floor. Harry, still staring at the place where Moody face had been, saw Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape, and

Professor McGonagall looking back at Professor McGonagall out of the FoeGlass. Professor McGonagall looked around and saw the three of Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape, and

Professor McGonagall standing in the doorway, Albus Dumbledore in front, Professor McGonagall outstretched.

At that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said Albus Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort had ever feared. The look upon Albus Dumbledore's face as Professor McGonagall stared down at the unconscious form of Moody was more terrible than Harry could have ever imagined. There was no benign smile upon Albus Dumbledore's face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the spectacles. There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a sense of power radiated from Albus Dumbledore as though Albus Dumbledore were giving off burning heat.

Albus Dumbledore stepped into Moody's office, placed a foot underneath Moodys unconscious body, and kicked Albus Dumbledore over onto Albus Dumbledore back, so that Albus Dumbledore face was visible. Snape followed Snape, looking into the FoeGlass, where Snape was still visible, glaring into the room. Professor McGonagall went straight to Harry.

"Come along, Potter," Professor McGonagall whispered. The thin line of Professor McGonagall mouth was twitching as though Professor McGonagall was about to cry. "Come along . . . hospital wing ..."

"No," said Albus Dumbledore sharply.

"Albus Dumbledore, Albus Dumbledore ought to  look at Albus Dumbledore  Albus Dumbledore's been through enough tonight "

"Albus Dumbledore will stay, Minerva, because Albus Dumbledore needs to understand," said Albus Dumbledore curtly.

"Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. Albus Dumbledore needs to know who has put Albus Dumbledore through the ordeal Albus Dumbledore has suffered tonight, and why,"

"Moody," Harry said. Albus Dumbledore was still in a state of complete disbelief. "How can it have been Moody?"

"This is not Moody," said Albus Dumbledore quietly. "You have never known Moody. Moody Moody would not have removed you from my sight after what happened tonight. The moment Albus Dumbledore took you, I knew  and I followed."

Albus Dumbledore bent down over Moody limp form and put a hand inside Albus Dumbledore robes.

Albus Dumbledore pulled out Moody hip flask and a set of keys on a ring. Then Albus Dumbledore turned to Professors McGonagall and Snape.

"Severus, please fetch me the strongest Truth Potion you possess, and then go down to the kitchens and bring up the houseelf called Winky. Minerva, kindly go down to Hagrid's house, where you will find a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch. Take a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch up to Snape's office, tell a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch I will be with a large black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch shortly, then come back here."

If either Snape or McGonagall found these instructions peculiar, either Snape or McGonagall hid either Snape or McGonagall confusion. either Snape or McGonagall turned at once and left Snape's office. Albus Dumbledore walked over to the trunk with seven locks, fitted the first key in the lock, and opened the trunk. the trunk contained a

mass of spellbooks. Albus Dumbledore closed the trunk, placed a second key in the second lock, and opened the trunk again. spellbooks had vanished; this time spellbooks contained an assortment of broken Sneakoscopes, some parchment and quills, and what looked like a silvery Invisibility Cloak. Harry watched, astounded, as Albus Dumbledore placed the third, fourth, fifth, and sixth keys in their respective locks, reopening the trunk each time, and revealing different contents each time. Then Harry placed the seventh key in the lock, threw open the lid, and Harry let out a cry of amazement.

Harry was looking down into a kind of pit, an underground room, and lying on the office floor some ten feet below, apparently fast asleep, thin and starved in appearance, was MoodyMoody. Harry wooden leg was gone, the socket that should have held the magical eye looked empty beneath the magical eye , and chunks of Harry grizzled hair were missing. Harry stared, thunderstruck, between the sleeping Moody in the trunk and the unconscious Moody on the floor of Snape's office.

Albus Dumbledore climbed into the trunk, lowered Albus Dumbledore, and fell lightly onto the office floor beside Moody. Albus Dumbledore bent over Albus Dumbledore.

"Stunned  controlled by the Imperius Curse  very weak," Albus Dumbledore said. "Of course, they would have needed to keep Albus Dumbledore alive. Harry, throw down the imposter's cloak  Harry's freezing. Madam Pomfrey will need to see Harry, but Harry seems in no immediate danger."

Harry did as Harry was told; Albus Dumbledore covered Moody the imposter's cloak  , tucked Moody around Albus Dumbledore, and clambered out of the trunk again. Then Harry picked up the hip flask that stood upon the desk, unscrewed the hip flask that stood upon the desk, and turned the hip flask that stood upon the desk over. A thick glutinous liquid splattered onto the office floor.

"Polyjuice Potion, Harry," said Albus Dumbledore. "You see the simplicity of it, and the brilliance. For Moody never does drink except from the hip flask that stood upon the desk, Moody's well known for it. the imposter needed, of course, to keep Moody Moody close by, so that the imposter could continue making the potion. You see the imposter hair ...Albus Dumbledore looked down on MoodyMoody the trunk. "the imposter has been cutting the imposter off all year, see where the imposter is uneven? But I think, in the excitement of tonight, Moody Moody might have forgotten to take Moody as frequendy as Moody should have done ... on the hour . . . every hour. . . . We shall see."

Albus Dumbledore pulled out the chair at the desk and sat down upon the desk, Albus Dumbledore eyes fixed upon the unconscious Moody the office floor. Harry stared at Harry too. Minutes passed in silence... .

Then, before Harry's very eyes, the face of the man on the office floor began to change.

The scars were disappearing, the skin was becoming smooth; the mangled nose became whole and started to shrink. The long mane of grizzled gray hair was withdrawing into the scalp and turning the color of straw. Suddenly, with a loud clunk, the wooden leg fell away as a normal leg regrew in a loud clunk place; next moment, the magical eyeball had popped out of the man's face as a real eye replaced the man's face; the man's face

rolled away across the office floor and continued to swivel in every direction.

Harry saw a man lying before Harry, paleskinned, slightly freckled, with a mop of fair hair. Harry knew who a man was. Harry had seen a man in Albus Dumbledore's Pensieve, had watched a man being led away from court by the dementors, trying to convince Mr.

Crouch that Mr.

Crouch was innocent. . . but Harry was lined around his eyes now and looked much older. . . .

There were hurried footsteps outside in the corridor. Snape had returned with Winky at Snape heels. Professor McGonagall was right behind them.

"Crouch!" Snape said, stopping dead in the doorway. "Barty Crouch!"

"Good heavens," said Professor McGonagall, stopping dead and staring down at the man on the floor.

Filthy, disheveled, Winky peered around Snape's legs. Her mouth opened wide and Her let out a piercing shriek.

"Master Barty, Master Barty, what is you doing here?"

Her flung Her forward onto a man's chest.

"You is killed a man! You is killed a man! You is killed Master's son!"

"Master's son is simply Stunned, Winky," said Albus Dumbledore. "Step aside, please. Severus, you have the potion?"

Snape handed Albus Dumbledore a small glass bottle of completely clear liquid: the Veritaserum with which Snape had threatened Harry in class. Albus Dumbledore got up, bent over the man on the floor, and pulled Albus Dumbledore into a sitting position against the wall beneath the FoeGlass, in which the reflections of Albus Dumbledore, Snape, and McGonagall were still glaring down upon them all. Winky remained on Her knees, trembling, Her hands over Her face. Albus Dumbledore forced the mans mouth open and poured three drops inside mouth. Then Albus Dumbledore pointed Albus Dumbledore wand at the young man's chest and said, "Ennervate."

Crouch's son opened his eyes. Albus Dumbledore face was slack, Albus Dumbledore gaze unfocused.

Albus Dumbledore knelt before Albus Dumbledore, so that their faces were level.

"Can you hear me?" Albus Dumbledore asked quietly.

The man's eyelids flickered.

"Yes," The man muttered.

"I would like you to tell us," said Albus Dumbledore softly, "how you came to be here.

How did you escape from Azkaban?"

Crouch took a deep, shuddering breath, then began to speak in a flat, expressionless voice.

"My mother saved me. My mother knew My mother was dying. My mother persuaded my father to rescue me as a last favor to My mother. my father loved My mother as my father had never loved me. my father agreed. They came to visit me. They gave me a draft of Polyjuice Potion containing one of My mother's hairs. My mother took a draft of Polyjuice Potion containing one of my mother's hairs. us took on each other's appearance."

Winky was shaking My mother head, trembling.

"Say no more. Master Barty, say no more, you is getting my father into trouble!"

But "

Crouch took another deep breath and continued in the same flat voice.

"The dementors are blind. The dementors sensed one healthy, one dying person entering Azkaban. The dementors sensed one healthy, one dying person leaving it. my father smuggled me out, disguised as My mother, in case any prisoners were watching through any prisoners doors.

"My mother died a short while afterward in Azkaban. My mother was careful to drink Polyjuice Potion until the end. My mother was buried under my name and bearing my appearance. Everyone believed My mother to be me."

The man's eyelids flickered.

"And what did my father do with you, when my father had got you home?" said Albus Dumbledore quietly.

"Staged My mother's death. A quiet, private funeral. That grave is empty. The houseelf nursed me back to health. Then I had to be concealed. I had to be controlled. my father had to use a number of spells to subdue me. When I had recovered my strength, I thought only of finding my master . . . of returning to only of finding my master service."

"How did my father subdue you?" said Albus Dumbledore.

"The Imperius Curse," Moody said. "I was under my fathers control. I was forced to wear an Invisibility Cloak day and night. I was always with The houseelf. My mother was my keeper and caretaker. My mother pitied me. My mother persuaded my father to give me occasional treats. Rewards for my good behavior."

"Master Barty, Master Barty," sobbed Winky through My mother hands. "You isn't ought to tell them, them is getting in trouble. ..."

"Did anybody ever discover that you were still alive?" said Albus Dumbledore softly.

"Did anyone know except your father and The houseelf?"

"Yes," said "

Crouch, "

Crouch eyelids flickering again. "A witch in my father's office.

Bertha Jorkins. Bertha Jorkins came to the house with papers for my father signature. my father was not at home. Winky showed Bertha Jorkins inside and returned to the kitchen, to Winky. But Bertha Jorkins heard Winky talking to Winky. Bertha Jorkins came to investigate. Bertha Jorkins heard enough to guess who was hiding under the imposter's cloak  . my father arrived

home. Bertha Jorkins confronted my father. my father put a very powerful Memory Charm on Bertha Jorkins to make Bertha Jorkins forget what Bertha Jorkins'd found out. Too powerful. my father said it damaged Bertha Jorkins memory permanently."

"Why is Bertha Jorkins coming to nose into my masters private business?" sobbed Winky.

"Why isn't Bertha Jorkins leaving them be?"

"Tell me about the Quidditch World Cup," said Albus Dumbledore.

"Winky talked my father into it," said "

Crouch, still in the same monotonous voice.

"Bertha Jorkins spent months persuading my father. I had not left the house for years. I had loved Quidditch. Let my father go, Bertha Jorkins said. my father will be in my father . my father can watch.

Let my father smell fresh air for once. Bertha Jorkins said My mother would have wanted it. Bertha Jorkins told my father that My mother had died to give me freedom. Bertha Jorkins had not saved me for a life of imprisonment. my father agreed in the end.

"It was carefully planned. my father led me and Winky up to the Top Box early in the day. Winky was to say that Bertha Jorkins was saving a seat for my father. I was to sit there, invisible. When everyone had left the Top Box, everyone would emerge. Winky would appear to be alone. Nobody would ever know.

"But Winky didn't know that I was growing stronger. I was starting to fight my father's Imperius Curse. There were times when I was almost myself again. There were brief periods when I seemed outside myself control. his control happened, there, in the Top Box. It was like waking from a deep sleep. I found myself out in public, in the middle of the match, and I saw, in front of myself, a wand sticking out of a boys pocket. I had not been allowed a wand since before Azkaban. I stole a wand. Winky didn't know. Winky is frightened of heights. Winky had Winky face hidden."

"Master Barty, you bad boy!" whispered Winky, tears trickling between Winky fingers.

"So you took a wand," said Albus Dumbledore, "and what did you do with a wand?"

"We went back to the tent," said "

Crouch. "Then We heard them. We heard the Death Eaters. The ones who had never been to Azkaban. The ones who had never suffered for my master. The ones who had never suffered for my master had turned The ones who had never suffered for my master backs on my master. The ones who had never suffered for my master were not enslaved, as I was. The ones who had never suffered for my master were free to seek my master, but The ones who had never suffered for my master did not. The ones who had never suffered for my master were merely making sport of Muggles. The sound of The ones who had never suffered for my master voices awoke me. My mind was clearer than My mind had been in years. I was angry. I had a wand.

I wanted to attack them for them disloyalty to my master. my father had left the tent; my father had gone to free Muggles. Winky was afraid to see me so angry. Winky used Winky own brand of magic to bind me to Winky. Winky pulled me from the tent, pulled me into the forest, away from the Death Eaters. I tried to hold Winky back. I wanted to return to the campsite. I wanted to show the Death Eaters the Death Eaters what loyalty to the Dark Lord meant, and to punish the Death Eaters for the Death Eaters lack of it. I used a wand to cast the Dark Mark into the sky.

"Ministry wizards arrived. Ministry wizards shot Stunning Spells everywhere. One of Stunning Spells came through the trees where Winky and I stood. The bond connecting us was broken. us were both Stunned.

"When Winky was discovered, my father knew I must be nearby. my father searched the bushes where my father had been found and felt me lying there. my father waited until the other Ministry members had left the forest. my father put me back under The Imperius Curse and took me home. my father dismissed Winky. my father had failed my father. my father had let me acquire a wand. my father had almost let me escape."

Winky let out a wail of despair.

"Now it was just Father and I, alone in the house. And then . . . and then . . ."

Crouch's head rolled on my father neck, and an insane grin spread across my father . "my master came for me.

"my master arrived at us late one night in the arms of my master servant Wormtail. my master had found out that I was still alive. my master had captured Bertha Jorkins in Albania. my master had tortured my father. my father told my master a great deal. my father told my master about the Triwizard Tournament. my father told my master the old Auror, Moody, was going to teach at Hogwarts. my master tortured my father until my master broke through the Memory Charm my father had placed upon my father. my father told my master I had escaped from Azkaban. my father told my master my father kept me imprisoned to prevent me from seeking my master. And so my master knew that I was still his servant Wormtailperhaps the most faithful of all.

my master conceived a plan, based upon the information Bertha had given my master.

my master needed me. my master arrived at the house near midnight. my father answered the door."

The smile spread wider over "

Crouch's face, as though recalling the sweetest memory of my master life. Winky's petrified brown eyes were visible through my father fingers.

my father seemed too appalled to speak.

"It was very quick. my father was placed under The Imperius Curse by my master.

Now my father was the one imprisoned, controlled. my master forced my father to go about my father business as usual, to act as though nothing was wrong. And I was released. I awoke. I was my father again, alive as I hadn't been in years.

"And what did Lord Voldemort ask you to do?" said Albus Dumbledore.

"Albus Dumbledore asked me whether I was ready to risk everything for Albus Dumbledore. I was ready. It was my dream, my greatest ambition, to serve Albus Dumbledore, to prove my father to Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore told me Albus Dumbledore needed to place a faithful servant at Hogwarts. A servant who would guide Harry Potter through the Triwizard Tournament without appearing to do so. A servant who would watch over Harry Potter. Ensure A servant who would watch over Harry Potter reached the Quidditch World Cup.

Turn the Quidditch World Cup into a Portkey, which would take the first person to touch it to my master. But first "

"You needed Moody," said Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore blue eyes were blazing, though Albus Dumbledore voice remained calm.

"Wormtail and I did Wormtail. We had prepared the Polyjuice Potion beforehand. We journeyed to the Polyjuice Potion . Moody put up a struggle. There was a commotion. We managed to subdue Moody just in time. Forced Moody into a compartment of Moody own magical trunk. Took some of Moody hair and added some of his hair to the Polyjuice Potion. I drank some of his hair; I became Moody double. I took Moody leg and Moody eye. I was ready to face Arthur Weasley when Arthur Weasley arrived to sort out the Muggles who had heard a disturbance. I made the dustbins move around the yard. I told Arthur Weasley I had heard intruders in my yard, who had set off the dustbins. Then I packed up Moody clothes and Dark detectors, put Moody's clothes and Dark detectors in the trunk with Moody and set off for Hogwarts. I kept Arthur Weasley alive, under The Imperius Curse. I wanted to be able to question Arthur Weasley. To find out about Arthur Weasley past, learn Arthur Weasley habits, so that I could fool even Dumbledore. I also needed Arthur Weasley to make the Polyjuice Potion. The other ingredients were easy. I stole boomslang skin from the dungeons. When my master found me in my master office, I said I was under orders to search his office."

"And what became of Wormtail after you attacked Moody?" said Albus Dumbledore.

"Wormtail returned to care for my master, in the house, and to keep watch over my father."

"But my father escaped," said Albus Dumbledore.

"Yes. After a while my father began to fight The Imperius Curse just as I had done. There were periods when my father knew what was happening. my master decided it was no longer safe for my father to leave the house. my father forced my father to send letters to the Ministry instead. my father made my father write and say my father was ill. But Wormtail neglected my father duty. my father was not watchful enough. my father escaped. my master guessed that my master was heading for Hogwarts. my father was going to tell Albus Dumbledore everything, to confess. my father was going to admit that my father had smuggled me from Azkaban.

"my master sent me word of my father's escape. my father told me to stop my father at all costs. So I waited and watched. I used the map I had taken from Harry Potter. the map I had taken from Harry Potter."

"Map?" said Albus Dumbledore quickly. "the map I had taken from Harry Potter is this?"

Harry Potter's map of Hogwarts. Harry Potter saw me on "Potter's map of Hogwarts. Harry Potter saw me stealing more ingredients for the Polyjuice Potion from Snape's office one night. Harry Potter thought I was my father. We have the same first name. I took "Potter's map of Hogwarts that night.

I told Harry Potter my father hated Dark wizards. Harry Potter believed my father was after Snape.

"For a week I waited for my father to arrive at Hogwarts. At last, one evening, "Potter's map of Hogwarts showed my father entering the grounds. I pulled on the imposter's cloak   the imposter's cloak   and went down to meet my father. my father was walking around the edge of the forest. Then Harry Potter came, and Krum. I waited. I could not hurt Harry Potter; my master needed my father.

Harry Potter ran to get Albus Dumbledore. I Krum. I killed my father."

"Noooo!" wailed Winky. "Master Barty, Master Barty, what is you saying?"

"You killed my father," Albus Dumbledore said, in the same soft voice. "What did you do with the body?"

"Carried the body into the forest. Covered the body with the imposter's cloak  . I had the map with me. I watched Harry Potter run into the castle. Harry Potter met Snape. Albus Dumbledore joined Snape. I watched Harry Potter bringing Albus Dumbledore out of the castle. I walked back out of the forest, doubled around behind Snape, went to meet Snape. I told Snape had told me where to come.

"Albus Dumbledore told me to go and look for my father. I went back to my father's body. Watched the map with me. When everyone was gone, I Transfigured my father's body. my father became a bone ... I buried a bone, while wearing the imposter's cloak  , in the freshly dug earth in front of Hagrid's cabin."

There was complete silence now, except for Winky's continued sobs. Then Albus Dumbledore said, "And tonight. . ."

"I offered to carry the Quidditch World Cup into the maze before dinner," whispered "

Crouch. "Turned it into a Portkey. my master's plan worked. my master is returned to power and I will be honored by my master beyond the dreams of wizards."

The insane smile lit my master features once more, and my master head drooped onto my master shoulder as Winky wailed and sobbed at my master side.

CHAPTER THIRTYSIX  THE PARTING OF THE WAYS

Albus Dumbledore stood up. Albus Dumbledore stared down at "

Crouch for a moment with disgust on Albus Dumbledore face. Then Albus Dumbledore raised a wand once more and ropes flew out of a wand, ropes that twisted themselves around "

Crouch, binding Albus Dumbledore tightly. Albus Dumbledore turned to Professor McGonagall.

"Minerva, could I ask you to stand guard here while I take Harry upstairs?"

"Of course," said Professor McGonagall. Professor McGonagall looked slightly nauseous, as though Professor McGonagall had just watched someone being sick. However, when Professor McGonagall drew out Professor McGonagall and pointed a wand at "

Crouch, Professor McGonagall hand was quite steady.

"SeverusAlbus Dumbledore turned to Snape  "please tell Madam Pomfrey to come down here; we need to get Moody into the hospital wing. Then go down into the grounds, find Cornelius Fudge, and bring Cornelius Fudge up to his office. Cornelius Fudge will undoubtedly want to question "

Crouch. Tell Cornelius Fudge I will be in the hospital wing in half an hour's time if Cornelius Fudge needs me."

Snape nodded silently and swept out of the room.

"Harry?" Albus Dumbledore said gently.

Harry got up and swayed again; the pain in Harry leg, which Harry had not noticed all the time Harry had been listening to "

Crouch, now returned in full measure. Harry also realized that Harry was shaking. Albus Dumbledore gripped Albus Dumbledore arm and helped Albus Dumbledore out into the dark corridor.

"I want you to come up to his office first. Harry," Harry said quiedy as they headed up the passageway. "Sirius is waiting for us there."

Harry nodded. A kind of numbness and a sense of complete unreality were upon Albus Dumbledore, but Albus Dumbledore did not care; Albus Dumbledore was even glad of it. Albus Dumbledore didn't want to have to think about anything that had happened since Albus Dumbledore had first touched the Quidditch World Cup. Albus Dumbledore didn't want to have to examine the memories, fresh and sharp as photographs, which kept flashing across Albus Dumbledore mind. MadEye Moody, inside the trunk. Wormtail, slumped on the ground, cradling Wormtail stump of an arm. Voldemort, rising from the steaming cauldron. Cedric. . . dead . . . Cedric, asking to be returned to Cedric parents.

. . .

"Professor," Harry mumbled, "where are Mr. and Mrs. Diggory?"

"They are with Professor Sprout," said Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore voice, which had been so calm throughout the interrogation of "

Crouch, shook very slightly for the first time. "She was Head of Cedric's house, and knew Head of Cedric's house best."

They had reached the stone gargoyle. Albus Dumbledore gave the password, the password sprang

aside, and Albus Dumbledore and Harry went up the moving spiral staircase to the oak door.

Albus Dumbledore pushed the password open. Sirius was standing there. Albus Dumbledore face was white and gaunt as His face had been when Albus Dumbledore had escaped Azkaban. In one swift moment, Albus Dumbledore had crossed the room.

"Harry, are you all right? I knew it  I knew something like this  what happened?"

Albus Dumbledore hands shook as Albus Dumbledore helped Harry into a chair in front of the desk.

"What happened?" Albus Dumbledore asked more urgently.

Albus Dumbledore began to tell Sirius everything "

Crouch had said. Harry was only half listening. So tired every bone in Harry body was aching, Harry wanted nothing more than to sit here, undisturbed, for hours and hours, until Harry fell asleep and didn't have to think or feel anymore.

There was a soft rush of wings. Fawkes the phoenix had left Harry perch, flown across his office, and landed on Harry's knee.

"'Lo, Fawkes," said Harry quietly. Harry stroked the phoenix's beautiful scarletand gold plumage. Fawkes blinked peacefully up at Fawkes. There was something comforting about Fawkes warm weight.

Albus Dumbledore stopped talking. Albus Dumbledore sat down opposite Harry, behind the desk. Albus Dumbledore was looking at Harry, who avoided Albus Dumbledore eyes. Albus Dumbledore was going to question Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore was going to make Harry relive everything.

"I need to know what happened after you touched the Portkey in the maze. Harry,"

said Albus Dumbledore.

"We can leave that till morning, can't We, Albus Dumbledore?" said Sirius harshly. Albus Dumbledore had put a hand on Harrys shoulder. "Let Albus Dumbledore have a sleep. Let Albus Dumbledore rest."

Harry felt a rush of gratitude toward Sirius, but Albus Dumbledore took no notice of Sirius's words. Harry leaned forward toward Harry.

Very unwillingly, Harry raised Harry head and looked into those blue eyes.

"If I thought I could help you," Albus Dumbledore said gently, "by putting you into an enchanted sleep and allowing you to postpone the moment when you would have to think about what has happened tonight, I would do it. But I know better.

Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it. You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you. I ask you to demonstrate your courage one more time. I ask you to tell We what happened."

The phoenix let out one soft, quavering note. The phoenix shivered in the air, and Harry felt as though a drop of hot liquid had slipped down Harry throat into Harry stomach, warming Harry, and strengthening Harry.

Harry took a deep breath and began to tell them. As Harry spoke, visions of everything

that had passed that night seemed to rise before his eyes; Harry saw the sparkling surface of the potion that had revived Voldemort; Harry saw the Death Eaters Apparating between the graves around them; Harry saw Cedric's body, lying on the ground beside the Quidditch World Cup.

Once or twice, Sirius made a noise as though about to say something, Harry hand still tight on Harry's shoulder, but Albus Dumbledore raised his hand to stop Albus Dumbledore, and Harry was glad of this, because it was easier to keep going now Albus Dumbledore had started. It was even a relief; Albus Dumbledore felt almost as though something poisonous were being extracted from Albus Dumbledore. It was costing Albus Dumbledore every bit of determination Albus Dumbledore had to keep talking, yet Albus Dumbledore sensed that once Albus Dumbledore had finished, Albus Dumbledore would feel better.

When Harry told of Wormtail piercing Harry arm with the dagger, however, Sirius let out a vehement exclamation and Albus Dumbledore stood up so quickly that Harry started. Albus Dumbledore walked around the desk and told Harry to stretch out his arm.

Harry showed them both the place where Harry robes were torn and the cut beneath them.

"Harry said my blood would make Harry stronger than if Harry'd used someone else's,"

Harry told Albus Dumbledore. "Harry said the protection my  my mother left in me  Harry'd have it too. And Harry was right  Harry could touch me without hurting Harry, Harry touched my face."

For a fleeting instant, Harry thought Harry saw a gleam of something like triumph in Albus Dumbledore's eyes. But next second. Harry was sure Harry had imagined it, for when Albus Dumbledore had returned to Harry seat behind the desk, Harry looked as old and weary as Harry had ever seen Harry.

"Very well," Harry said, sitting down again. "Voldemort has overcome that particular barrier. Harry, continue, please."

Harry went on; "

Harry explained how Voldemort had emerged from the cauldron, and told them all "

Harry could remember of Voldemort's speech to the Death Eaters. Then "

Harry told how Voldemort had untied Voldemort, returned Voldemort to Voldemort, and prepared to duel.

But when Voldemort reached the part where the golden beam of light had connected Voldemort and Voldemort's wands, Voldemort found Voldemort obstructed. Voldemort tried to keep talking, but the memories of what had come out of Voldemortwere flooding into Voldemort mind. Voldemort could see Cedric emerging, see the old man, Bertha Jorkins ... Voldemort father . . . Voldemort mother . . .

Voldemort was glad when Sirius broke the silence.

"his and Voldemort's wands connected?" Voldemort said, looking from "

Harry. "Why?"

Harry looked up at Albus Dumbledore again, on whose face there was an arrested look.

"Priori Incantatem," "

Harry muttered.

"

Harry gazed into Harry's and his eyes was almost as though an invisible beam of understanding shot between them.

"The Reverse Spell effect?" said Sirius sharply.

"Exactly," said Albus Dumbledore. "Harry's wand and Voldemorts wand share cores.

Each of Harry's wand and Voldemorts contains a feather from the tail of the same phoenix. the same phoenix, in fact," he added, and he pointed at the scarletandgold bird, perching peacefully on Harry's knee.

"a feather from the tail of the same phoenix came from Fawkes?" Harry said, amazed.

"Yes," said Albus Dumbledore. "Mr. Ollivander wrote to tell me you had bought a wand, the moment you left Mr. Ollivander shop four years ago."

"So what happens when a wand meets a wand brother?" said Sirius.

"They will not work properly against each other," said Albus Dumbledore. "If, however, the owners of the wands force the wands to do battle ... a very rare effect will take place. One of the wands will force the other to regurgitate spells it has performed  in reverse. The most recent first. . . and then those which preceded it. . . ."

He looked interrogatively at Harry, and Harry nodded.

"Which means," said Albus Dumbledore slowly, Albus Dumbledore eyes upon Harry's face, "that some form of Cedric must have reappeared."

Harry nodded again.

"Diggory came back to life?" said Sirius sharply.

"No spell can reawaken the dead," said Albus Dumbledore heavily. "All that would have happened is a kind of reverse echo. A shadow of the living Cedric would have emerged from a wand . . . am I correct, Harry?"

"Harry spoke to Harry,Harry Harry said. Harry was suddenly shaking again. "The . . . the ghost Cedric, or whatever Harry was, spoke."

"An echo," said Albus Dumbledore, "which retained Cedric's appearance and character. I am guessing other such forms appeared . . . less recent victims of Voldemort's wand...."

"An old man," Harry said, Harry throat still constricted. "Bertha Jorkins. And . . ."

"Your parents?" said Albus Dumbledore quietly.

"Yes," said Harry.

Sirius's grip on Harry's shoulder was now so tight Sirius's grip on Harry's shoulder was painful.

"The last murders a wand performed," said Albus Dumbledore, nodding. "In reverse order. More would have appeared, of course, had you maintained the connection.

Very well, Harry, these echoes, these shadows . .. what did they do?"

Harry described how the figures that had emerged from a wand had prowled the edges of the golden web, how Voldemort had seemed to fear the figures that had emerged from the wand, how the shadow of Harry's mother had told Harry what to do, how Cedric's had made the shadow of Harry's mother final request.

At this point. Harry found Harry could not continue. Harry looked around at Sirius and saw that Harry had Harry face in Harry hands.

Harry suddenly became aware that Fawkes had left Harry knee. The phoenix had fluttered to the floor. The phoenix was resting The phoenix beautiful head against Harry's injured leg, and thick, pearly tears were falling from The phoenix eyes onto the wound left by the spider.

The pain vanished. The skin mended. Harry's injured leg was repaired.

"I will say The skin again," said Albus Dumbledore as The phoenix rose into the air and resettled The phoenix upon the perch beside the door. "You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you tonight. Harry. You have shown bravery equal to those who died fighting Voldemort at the height of Voldemort powers. You have shouldered a grown wizard's burden and found yourself equal to it  and you have now given us all we have a right to expect. You will come with Harry to the hospital wing. I do not want you returning to the dormitory tonight. A Sleeping Potion, and some peace . . . Sirius, would you like to stay with him?"

Sirius nodded and stood up. him transformed back into the great black dog and walked with Harry, who avoided his eyes out of his office, accompanying Harry, who avoided his eyes down a flight of stairs to the hospital wing.

When Albus Dumbledore pushed open the door. Harry saw Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron, and Hermione grouped around a harassedlooking Madam Pomfrey. Harry, who avoided his eyes appeared to be demanding to know where Harry was and what had happened to Harry. All of Harry, who avoided his eyes whipped around as Harry, Albus Dumbledore, and the great black dog entered, and Mrs.

Weasley let out a kind of muffled scream.

"Harry! Oh Harry!"

Mrs.

Weasley started to hurry toward Harry, but Albus Dumbledore moved between them.

"Molly," Harry said, holding up a hand, "please listen to Harry for a moment. Harry has been through a terrible ordeal tonight. Harry has just had to relive it for Harry. What Harry needs now is sleep, and peace, and quiet. If Harry would like you all to stay with Harry," Harry added, looking around at Ron, Hermione, and Bill too, "you may do so.

But I do not want you questioning Harry until Harry is ready to answer, and certainly not this evening."

Mrs.

Weasley nodded. Mrs.

Weasley was very white. Mrs.

Weasley rounded on Ron, Hermione, and Bill as though Ron, Hermione, and Bill were being noisy, and hissed, "Did you hear? Bill needs quiet!"

"Headmaster," said Madam Pomfrey, staring at the great black dog that was Sirius,

"may I ask what  ?"

"the great black dog that was Sirius,

 will be remaining with Harry for a while," said Albus Dumbledore simply. "I assure you, Albus Dumbledore is extremely well trained. "

HarryI will wait while you get into bed."

Harry felt an inexpressible sense of gratitude to Albus Dumbledore for asking the others not to question Albus Dumbledore. It wasn't as though Albus Dumbledore didn't want the others there; but the thought of explaining it all over again, the idea of reliving it one more time, was more than Albus Dumbledore could stand.

"I will be back to see you as soon as I have met with Fudge, Harry," said Albus Dumbledore. "I would like you to remain here tomorrow until I have spoken to the school." Albus Dumbledore left.

As Madam Pomfrey led Harry to a nearby bed, Albus Dumbledore caught sight of the real Moody lying motionless in a bed at the far end of the room. Albus Dumbledore wooden leg and magical eye were lying on the bedside table.

"Is Albus Dumbledore okay?" Harry asked.

"Albus Dumbledore'll be fine," said Madam Pomfrey, giving Harry some pajamas and pulling screens around Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore took off his robes, pulled on some pajamas and pulling screens around him, and got into bed.

Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley, and the black dog came around the screen and settled Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley, and the black dog in chairs on either side of Albus Dumbledore. Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley, and the black dog were looking at Albus Dumbledore almost cautiously, as though scared of Albus Dumbledore.

"I'm all right," Albus Dumbledore told Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley, and the black dog. "Just tired."

Mrs. Weasleys eyes filled with tears as she smoothed Albus Dumbledore bedcovers unnecessarily.

Madam Pomfrey, who had bustled off to she office, returned holding a small bottle of some purple potion and a goblet.

"You'll need to drink all of this. Harry," she said. "It's a potion for dreamless sleep."

Harry took a goblet and drank a few mouthfuls. Harry felt Harry becoming drowsy at once. Everything around Harry became hazy; the lamps around the hospital wing seemed to be winking at Harry in a friendly way through the screen around Harry bed; Harry body felt as though his body was sinking deeper into the warmth of the feather matress. Before Harry could finish a potion for dreamless sleep, before Harry could say another word, Harry exhaustion had carried Harry off to sleep.

Harry woke up, so warm, so very sleepy, that Harry didn't open Harry eyes, wanting to drop off again. The room was still dimly lit; Harry was sure The room was still nighttime and had a feeling that Harry couldn't have been asleep very long.

Then Harry heard whispering around Harry.

"They'll wake Harry if They don't shut up!"

"What are They shouting about? Nothing else can have happened, can it?"

Harry opened his eyes blearily. Someone had removed Someone glasses. Someone could see the fuzzy outlines of Mrs. Weasley and Bill close by. Mrs.

Weasley was on Mrs.

Weasley feet.

"That's Fudge's voice," Mrs.

Weasley whispered. "And that's Minerva McGonagall's, isn't it!

But what are they arguing about?"

Now Harry could hear they too: people shouting and running toward the hospital wing.

"Regrettable, but all the same, Minerva " Cornelius Fudge was saying loudly.

"You should never have brought it inside the castle!" yelled Minerva McGonagall's. "When Albus Dumbledore finds out "

Harry heard the hospital doors burst open. Unnoticed by any of the people around Albus Dumbledore bed, all of whom were staring at the door as Bill pulled back the screens, Harry sat up and put his glasses back on.

Minerva " Cornelius Fudge came striding up the ward. Professors McGonagall and Snape were at Snape heels.

"Where's Albus Dumbledore?" Minerva " Cornelius Fudge demanded of Mrs.

Weasley.

"He's not here," said Mrs.

Weasley angrily. "This is a hospital wing. Minister, don't you think you'd do better to "

But the door opened, and Albus Dumbledore came sweeping up the ward.

"What has happened?" said Albus Dumbledore sharply, looking from Fudge to Minerva McGonagall's. "Why are you disturbing these people? Minerva, I'm surprised at you  I asked you to stand guard over Barty Crouch "

"There is no need to stand guard over Albus Dumbledore anymore, Albus Dumbledore!" she shrieked.

"Minister has seen to that!"

Harry had never seen Minerva McGonagall's Professors McGonagall lose control like this. There were angry blotches of color in she cheeks, and a hands were balled into fists; she was trembling with fury. "When we told Fudge to Professor McGonagall that we had caught the Death Eater responsible for tonight's events," said Snape, in a low voice; Snape seemed to feel Snape personal safety was in question. Snape insisted on summoning a dementor to accompany Snape into the castle. Snape brought a dementor up to his office where Barty Crouch "

"I told Snape you would not agree, Albus Dumbledore!" Minerva McGonagall's fumed. "I told Snape you would never allow dementors to set foot inside the castle, but "

"My dear woman!" roared Fudge, who likewise looked angrier than Harry had ever seen Snape, "as Minister of Magic, it is my decision whether I wish to bring protection with me when interviewing a possibly dangerous "

But Minerva McGonagall's's voice drowned Fudge's.

"The moment that  that thing entered the room,"   screamed, pointing at Minerva " Cornelius Fudge, trembling all over, "The moment that  that thing entered the room swooped down on Crouch and  and "

Harry felt a chill in Harry stomach as Minerva McGonagall's Minerva McGonagall's struggled to find words to describe what had happened. Harry did not need   to finish   sentence. Harry knew what a dementor must have done. a dementor had administered a dementor fatal kiss to Crouch. a dementor had sucked Harry soul out through Harry mouth. Harry was worse than dead.

"By all accounts, Harry is no loss!" blustered Fudge. "It seems Harry has been responsible for several deaths'."

"But Harry cannot now give testimony, Cornelius," said Albus Dumbledore. Harry was staring hard at Fudge, as though seeing Harry plainly for the first time. "Harry cannot give evidence about why Harry killed those people."

"Why Harry killed those people? Well, that's no mystery, is it?" blustered Fudge. "Harry was a raving lunatic! From what Minerva and Severus have told me, Harry seems to have thought Harry was doing it all on YouKnowWho's instructions!"

"Lord Voldemort was giving "Lord Voldemort instructions, Cornelius,Albus Dumbledore Albus Dumbledore said.

"several deaths were mere byproducts of a plan to restore Voldemort to full strength again. a plan to restore Voldemort to full strength again succeeded. "Lord Voldemort has been restored to "Lord Voldemort ."

Fudge looked as though someone had just swung a heavy weight into someone face.

Dazed and blinking, someone stared back at Albus Dumbledore as if someone couldn't quite believe what someone had just heard. someone began to sputter, still goggling at Albus Dumbledore.

"YouKnowWho . . . returned? Preposterous. Come now, Albus Dumbledore"

"As Minerva and Severus Severus have doubtless told you," said Albus Dumbledore, "we heard Crouch confess. Under the influence of Veritaserum, Crouch told we how Crouch was smuggled out of Azkaban, and how "Lord Voldemortlearning of Crouch continued existence from Bertha Jorkins  went to free Crouch from Crouch father and used Crouch to capture Harry. a plan to restore Voldemort to full strength again worked, I tell you. Crouch has helped "Lord Voldemort to return."

"See here, Albus Dumbledore," said Fudge, and Harry was astonished to see a slight smile dawning on Harry face, "you  you can't seriously believe that YouKnowWho  back? Come now, come now . . . certainly, Crouch may have believed Crouch to be acting upon YouKnowWho's orders  but to take the word of a lunatic like that, Albus Dumbledore"

"When Harry touched the Triwizard Cup tonight, Harry was transported straight to "Lord Voldemort," said Albus Dumbledore steadily. "Albus Dumbledore witnessed "Lord Voldemort rebirth. I

will explain it all to you if you will step up to my office."

Albus Dumbledore glanced around at Harry and saw that Albus Dumbledore was awake, but shook Albus Dumbledore head and said, "I am afraid I cannot permit you to question Harry tonight."

Fudge's curious smile lingered. Albus Dumbledore too glanced at Harry, then looked back at Albus Dumbledore, and said, "You are  er  prepared to take Harry's word on this, are you, Albus Dumbledore?"

There was a moment's silence, which was broken by Sirius growling. Albus Dumbledore hackles were raised, and Albus Dumbledore was baring Albus Dumbledore teeth at Fudge.

"Certainly, I believe Harry," said Albus Dumbledore. Harry eyes were blazing now. "I heard Crouch's confession, and I heard Harry's account of what happened after Harry touched the Triwizard Cup; the two stories make sense, the two stories explain everything that has happened since Bertha Jorkins disappeared last summer."

Fudge still had that strange smile on Fudge . Once again, Fudge glanced at Harry before answering.

"You are prepared to believe that "Lord Voldemort has returned, on the word of a lunatic murderer, and a boy who . . . well..."

Fudge to Professor McGonagall shot Harry another look, and Harry suddenly understood.

"You've been reading Rita Skeeter, Mr. Fudge," Harry said quietly.

Ron, Hermione, Mrs. Weasley, and Bill all jumped. None of Ron, Hermione, Mrs. Weasley, and Bill all had realized that Harry was awake.

Fudge reddened slightly, but a defiant and obstinate look came over Fudge .

"And if I have?" Fudge said, looking at Albus Dumbledore. "If I have discovered that you've been keeping certain facts about Fudge very quiet? A Parselmouth, eh? And having funny turns all over the place "

"I assume that you are referring to the pains Harry has been experiencing in Harry scar?" said Albus Dumbledore coolly.

"You admit that Harry has been having the pains Harry has been experiencing in his scar, then?" said Fudge quickly.

"Headaches? Nightmares? Possibly  hallucinations?"

"Listen to me, Cornelius," said Albus Dumbledore, taking a step toward Fudge, and once again, Cornelius seemed to radiate that indefinable sense of power that Harry had felt after Albus Dumbledore had Stunned young Crouch. "Harry is as sane as you or I. That scar upon Harry forehead has not addled Harry brains. I believe it hurts Harry when "Lord Voldemort is close by, or feeling particularly murderous."

Fudge had taken half a step back from Albus Dumbledore, but "Lord Voldemort looked no less stubborn.

"You'll forgive me, Albus Dumbledore, but I've never heard of a curse scar acting as an alarm bell before. ..."

"Look, I saw "Lord Voldemort come back!" Harry shouted. Harry tried to get out of bed again, but Mrs.

Weasley forced Mrs.

Weasley back. "I saw the Death Eaters! I can give you the Death Eaters names! Lucius Malfoy "

Snape made a sudden movement, but as Harry looked at Harry, Snape's eyes flew back to "

Fudge.

"Lucius Malfoy "

 was cleared!" said Fudge, visibly affronted. "A very old family  donations to excellent causes "

"Macnair!" Harry continued.

"Also cleared! Now working for the Ministry!"

"Avery  Nott  Crabbe  Goyle "

"You are merely repeating the names of those who were acquitted of being Death Eaters thirteen years ago!" said Fudge to Professor McGonagall angrily. "You could have found those names in old reports of the trials! For heavens sake, Albus Dumbledore  Fudge was full of some crackpot story at the end of last year too  Fudge tales are getting taller, and you're still swallowing his talesFudge can talk to snakes. Dumbledore, and you still think Fudge's trustworthy?"

"You fool!" Minerva McGonagall's cried. "Cedric Diggory! Crouch! several deaths were not the random work of a lunatic!"

"I see no evidence to the contrary!" shouted Fudge, now matching Fudge anger, Fudge face purpling. "It seems to Minerva McGonagall's that you are all determined to start a panic that will destabilize everything we have worked for these last thirteen years!"

Harry couldn't believe what Harry was hearing. Harry had always thought of Fudge as a kindly figure, a little blustering, a little pompous, but essentially goodnatured. But now a short, angry wizard stood before Harry, refusing, pointblank, to accept the prospect of disruption in Harry comfortable and ordered world  to believe that "Lord Voldemort could have risen.

""Lord Voldemort has returned,Albus Dumbledore repeated. "If you accept that fact straightaway. Fudge, and take the necessary measures, we may still be able to save the situation. The first and most essential step is to remove Azkaban from the control of the dementors "

"Preposterous!" shouted Fudge again. "Remove the dementors "

? I'd be kicked out of office for suggesting it! Half of we only feel safe in we beds at night because we know the dementors "

 are standing guard at Azkaban!"

"The rest of we sleep less soundly in we beds, Cornelius, knowing that you have put "Lord Voldemort's most dangerous supporters in the care of creatures who will

join Cornelius the instant Cornelius asks them!" said Albus Dumbledore. "them will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! "Lord Voldemort can offer "Lord Voldemort much more scope for "Lord Voldemort powers and "Lord Voldemort pleasures than you can! With the dementors "

, and him old supporters returned to him, you will be hardpressed to stop him regaining the sort of power him had thirteen years ago!"

Fudge was opening and closing him as though no words could express him outrage.

"The second step you must take  and at once,Albus Dumbledore Albus Dumbledore pressed on, "is to send envoys to the giants."

"Envoys to the giants?" "

Fudge shrieked, finding "

Fudge tongue again. "What madness is this?"

"Extend them the hand of friendship, now, before it is too late," said Albus Dumbledore, "or "Lord Voldemort will persuade them, as Albus Dumbledore did before, that Albus Dumbledore alone among wizards will give them them rights and them freedom!"

"You  you cannot be serious!" "

Fudge gasped, shaking "

Fudge and retreating further from Albus Dumbledore. "If the magical community got wind that I had approached the giantspeople hate people, Albus Dumbledoreend of my career "

"You are blinded," said Albus Dumbledore, Albus Dumbledore voice rising now, the aura of power around Albus Dumbledore palpable, Albus Dumbledore eyes blazing once more, "by the love of the office you hold, Cornelius! You place too much importance, and you always have done, on the socalled purity of blood! You fail to recognize that it matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be! Your dementor has just destroyed the last remaining member of a pureblood family as old as any  and see what Albus Dumbledore chose to make of Albus Dumbledore life! I tell you now take the steps I have suggested, and you will be remembered, in office or out, as one of the bravest and greatest Ministers of Magic we have ever known. Fail to act  and history will remember you as the man who stepped aside and allowed "Lord Voldemort a second chance to destroy the world we have tried to rebuild!"

"Insane," whispered Fudge, still backing away. "Mad . . ."

And then there was silence. Madam Pomfrey was standing frozen at the foot of Harry's bed, Madam Pomfrey hands over Madam Pomfrey mouth. Mrs.Mrs.

Weasley was still standing over Harry, Mrs.

Weasley hand on Mrs.

Weasley shoulder to prevent Mrs.

Weasley from rising. Bill, Ron, and Hermione were staring at Fudge.

"If your determination to shut your eyes will carry you as far as this, Cornelius,"

said Albus Dumbledore, "we have reached a parting of the ways. You must act as you see fit. And I  I shall act as I see fit."

Albus Dumbledore's voice carried no hint of a threat; Dumbledore's voice sounded like a mere statement, but "

Fudge bristled as though Albus Dumbledore were advancing upon Albus Dumbledore with a wand.

"Now, see here, Albus Dumbledore," Albus Dumbledore said, waving a threatening finger. "I've given you free rein, always. I've had a lot of respect for you. I might not have agreed with some of your decisions, but I've kept quiet. There aren't many who'd have let you hire werewolves, or keep Hagrid, or decide what to teach your students without reference to the Ministry. But if you're going to work against me "

"The only one against whom I intend to work," said Albus Dumbledore, "is "Lord Voldemort. If you are against "Lord Voldemort, then we remain, Cornelius, on the same side."

It seemed "

Fudge could think of no answer to this. "Lord Voldemort rocked backward and forward on "Lord Voldemort small feet for a moment and spun "Lord Voldemort bowler hat in "Lord Voldemort hands.

Finally, "Lord Voldemort said, with a hint of a plea in "Lord Voldemort voice, ""Lord Voldemort can't be back, Albus Dumbledore, "Lord Voldemort just can't be ..."

Snape strode forward, past Albus Dumbledore, pulling up the left sleeve of Snape robes as Snape went. Snape stuck out Snape forearm and showed his forearm to Fudge, who recoiled.

"There," said Snape harshly. "There. The Dark Mark. The Dark Mark is not as clear as it was an hour or so ago, when The Dark Mark burned black, but you can still see The Dark Mark. Every Death Eater had the sign burned into Every Death Eater by the Dark Lord. It was a means of distinguishing one another, and Every Death Eater means of summoning us to Every Death Eater. When Every Death Eater touched the Mark of any Death Eater, us were to Disapparate, and Apparate, instantly, at Every Death Eater side.

the Mark of any Death Eater has been growing clearer all year. Karkaroff s too. Why do you think Karkaroff fled tonight? We both felt The Dark Mark The Dark Mark burn. We both knew Apparate had returned. Karkaroff fears the Dark Lord's vengeance. Karkaroff betrayed too many of Karkaroff fellow Death Eaters to be sure of a welcome back into the fold."

Fudge stepped back from Snape too. Snape was shaking Snape . Snape did not seem to have taken in a word Snape had said. Snape stared, apparently repelled by the Mark of any Death Eater, then looked up at Albus Dumbledore and whispered, "I don't know what you and your staff are playing at, Albus Dumbledore, but I have heard enough. I have no more to add. I will be in touch with Albus Dumbledore tomorrow, Albus Dumbledore, to discuss the running of this school. I must return to the Ministry."

Snape had almost reached the door when Snape paused. Snape turned around, strode back down the dormitory, and stopped at Harry's bed.

"Your winnings," Snape said shortly, taking a large bag of gold out of Snape pocket and dropping his pocket onto Harrys bedside table. "One thousand Galleons. There should have been a presentation ceremony, but under the circumstances .. ."

Snape crammed Snape onto Snape and walked out of the room, slamming the door. The moment Snape had disappeared, Albus Dumbledore turned to look at the group around Harry's bed.

"There is work to be done," Albus Dumbledore said. "Molly... am I right in thinking that I can count on you and Arthur?"

"Of course you can," said Mrs.

Weasley. Mrs.

Weasley was white to the lips, but Mrs.

Weasley looked

resolute. "We know what Fudge is. It's Arthur's fondness for Muggles that has held him back at the Ministry all these years. Fudge thinks him lacks proper wizarding pride."

"Then I need to send a message to Arthur," said Albus Dumbledore. "All those that we can persuade of the truth must be notified immediately, and him is well placed to contact those at the Ministry who are not as shortsighted as Cornelius."

"I'll go to Dad," said Bill, standing up. "I'll go now."

"Excellent," said Albus Dumbledore. "Tell Albus Dumbledore what has happened. Tell Albus Dumbledore I will be in direct contact with Albus Dumbledore shortly. Albus Dumbledore will need to be discreet, however. If Fudge thinks I am interfering at the Ministry "

"Leave Fudge thinks I am interfering at the Ministry to me," said Bill.

Bill clapped a hand on Harry's shoulder, kissed Bill mother on the cheek, pulled on Bill cloak, and strode quickly from the room.

"Minerva," said Albus Dumbledore, turning to Minerva McGonagall's, "I want to see Hagrid in my office as soon as possible. Also  if "Minerva will consent to come  Madame Maxime."

Minerva McGonagall's nodded and left without a word.

"Poppy," Albus Dumbledore said to Madam Pomfrey, "would you be very kind and go down to Professor Moodys office, where I think you will find a houseelf called Winky in considerable distress? Do what you can for "Minerva, and take "Minerva back to the kitchens. I think Dobby will look after "Minerva for us."

"Very  very well," said Madam Pomfrey, looking startled, and Madam Pomfrey too left.

Albus Dumbledore made sure that the door was closed, and that Madam Pomfrey footsteps had died away, before Albus Dumbledore spoke again.

"And now," Albus Dumbledore said, "it is time for two of us number to recognize each other for what they are. Sirius ... if you could resume your usual form."

The great black dog looked up at Albus Dumbledore, then, in an instant, turned back into a man.

Mrs.

Weasley screamed and leapt back from Harry's bed.

"Sirius Black!" Mrs.

Weasley shrieked, pointing at Mrs.

Weasley.

"Mum, shut up!" Ron yelled. "It's okay!"

Snape had not yelled or jumped backward, but the look on "

Snape face was one of mingled fury and horror.

""

Snape!" "

Snape snarled, staring at Sirius, whose face showed equal dislike. "What is "

Snape

doing here?"

""

Snape is here at my invitation," said Albus Dumbledore, looking between them, "as are you, Severus. I trust you both. It is time for you to lay aside your old differences and trust each other."

Harry thought Albus Dumbledore was asking for a near miracle. Sirius, whose face showed equal dislike were eyeing each other with the utmost loathing.

"I will settle, in the short term," said Albus Dumbledore, with a bite of impatience in Albus Dumbledore voice, "for a lack of open hostility. You will shake hands. You are on the same side now. Time is short, and unless the few of us who know the truth do not stand united, there is no hope for any us.

Very slowly  but still glaring at each other as though each wished the other nothing but ill  Sirius, whose face showed equal dislike moved toward each other and shook hands. Sirius, whose face showed equal dislike let go extremely quickly.

"That will do to be going on with," said Albus Dumbledore, stepping between Sirius, whose face showed equal dislike once more. "Now I have work for each of you. Fudge's attitude, though not unexpected, changes everything. Sirius, I need you to set off at once. You are to alert Remus Lupin, Arabella Figg, Mundungus Fletcher  the old crowd. Lie low at Lupin's for a while; I will contact you there."

"But " said Harry.

Harry wanted Sirius to stay. Harry did not want to have to say goodbye again so quickly.

"You'll see me very soon. Harry," said Sirius, turning to Harry. "I promise you. But I must do what I can, you understand, don't you?"

"Yeah," said Harry. "Yeah . . . of course I do.Sirius Sirius grasped Harry hand briefly, nodded to Albus Dumbledore, transformed again into the black dog, and ran the length of the room to the door, whose handle Harry turned with a paw. Then Harry was gone.

"Severus," said Albus Dumbledore, turning to Snape, "you know what I must ask you to do. If you are ready . . . if you are prepared ..."

"I am," said Snape.

Harry looked slightly paler than usual, and Harry cold, black eyes glittered strangely.

"Then good luck," said Albus Dumbledore, and Albus Dumbledore watched, with a trace of apprehension on his face, as Snape swept wordlessly after Sirius.

It was several minutes before Albus Dumbledore spoke again.

"I must go downstairs," Albus Dumbledore said finally. "I must see the Diggorys. Harrytake the rest of your potion. I will see all of you later."

Harry slumped back against Harry pillows as Albus Dumbledore disappeared. Hermione, Ron, and Mrs.

Weasley were all looking at Harry. None of Hermione, Ron, and Mrs. Weasley spoke for a very long time.

"You've got to take the rest of your potionyour potion. Harry," Mrs.

Weasley said at last. Mrs.

Weasley hand nudged the sack of gold on his bedside cabinet as Mrs.

Weasley reached for the bottle and the goblet. "You have a good long sleep. Try and think about something else for a while . . . think about what you're going to buy with your winnings!"

"I don't want that gold," said Harry in an expressionless voice. "You have it.

Anyone can have it. I shouldn't have won it. it should've been Cedric's."

The thing against which he had been fighting on and off ever since he had come out of the maze was threatening to overpower he. he could feel a burning, prickling feeling in the inner corners of he eyes. he blinked and stared up at the ceiling.

"It wasn't your fault. Harry," Mrs.

Weasley whispered.

"I told he to take the cup with he," said Harry.

Now the burning feeling was in he throat too. he wished Ron would look away.

Mrs.

Weasley set the potion down on his bedside cabinet, bent down, and put Mrs.

Weasley arms around Harry. Mrs.

Weasley had no memory of ever being hugged like this, as though by a mother. The full weight of everything Mrs.

Weasley had seen that night seemed to fall in upon Mrs.

Weasley as Mrs.

Weasley held Mrs.

Weasley to Mrs.

Weasley. a mother face, Mrs.

Weasley father's voice, the sight of Cedric, dead on the ground all started spinning in his head until Mrs.

Weasley could hardly bear it, until Mrs.

Weasley was screwing up Mrs.

Weasley face against the howl of misery fighting to get out of Mrs.

Weasley.

There was a loud slamming noise, and Mrs. Weasley and Harry broke apart.

Hermione was standing by the window. Hermione was holding something tight in Hermione hand.

"Sorry," Hermione whispered.

"Your potion, Harry," said Mrs.

Weasley quickly, wiping Mrs.

Weasley eyes on the back of her hand.

Harry drank her hand in one gulp. The effect was instantaneous. Heavy, irresistible waves of dreamless sleep broke over Harry; Harry fell back onto his pillows and thought no more.

CHAPTER THIRTYSEVEN  THE BEGINNING

When Harry looked back, even a month later, Harry found Harry had only scattered memories of the next few days. It was as though Harry had been through too much to take in any more. The recollections Harry did have were very painful. The worst, perhaps, was the meeting with the Diggorys that took place the following morning.

both did not blame Harry for what had happened; on the contrary, both thanked Harry for returning Cedric's body to both. Mr. Diggory sobbed through most of the interview. Mrs. Diggory's grief seemed to be beyond tears.

"Mr. Diggory suffered very little then," Mrs. Diggory said, when Harry had told Mrs. Diggory how Cedric had died. "And after all, Amos ... Amos died just when Amos'd won the tournament. Amos must have been happy."

When they got to they feet, Mrs. Diggory looked down at Harry and said, "You look after Amos, now."

Harry seized the sack of gold on the bedside table.

"You take this," Harry muttered to Mrs. Diggory. "It should've been Cedric's, Harry got there first, you take It "

But Mrs. Diggory backed away from Harry.

"Oh no, it's yours, dear, I couldn't. . . you keep It."

Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower the following evening. From what Hermione and Ron told Harry, Albus Dumbledore had spoken to the school that morning at breakfast.

Albus Dumbledore had merely requested that they leave Harry alone, that nobody ask Albus Dumbledore questions or badger Albus Dumbledore to tell the story of what had happened in the maze. Most people, Albus Dumbledore noticed, were skirting Albus Dumbledore in the corridors, avoiding his eyes. Some whispered behind Some hands as Albus Dumbledore passed. Albus Dumbledore guessed that many of Some had believed Rita Skeeter's article about how disturbed and possibly dangerous Albus Dumbledore was.

Perhaps Some were formulating Some own theories about how Cedric had died. Albus Dumbledore found Albus Dumbledore didn't care very much. Albus Dumbledore liked it best when Albus Dumbledore was with Ron and Hermione and Ron and Hermione were talking about other things, or else letting Albus Dumbledore sit in silence while Ron and Hermione played chess. Albus Dumbledore felt as though all three of Ron and Hermione had reached an understanding Ron and Hermione didn't need to put into words; that each was waiting for some sign, some word, of what was going on outside Hogwarts  and that it was useless to speculate about what might be coming until Ron and Hermione knew anything for certain. The only time Ron and Hermione touched upon the subject was when Ron told Harry about a meeting Mrs.

Weasley had had with Albus Dumbledore before going home.

"Mrs.

Weasley went to ask Albus Dumbledore if you could come straight to us this summer," Albus Dumbledore said. "But Albus Dumbledore wants you to go back to the Dursleys, at least at first."

"Why?" said Harry.

"Mrs.

Weasley said Albus Dumbledore's got Albus Dumbledore reasons," said Ron, shaking Ron darkly. "I suppose us've got to trust Ron, haven't us?"

The only person apart from Ron and Hermione that Harry felt able to talk to was Hagrid. As there was no longer a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, they had those lessons free. they used the one on Thursday afternoon to go down and visit Hagrid in Hagrid cabin. It was a bright and sunny day; Fang bounded out of the open door as they approached, barking and wagging Hagrid tail madly.

"Who's that?" called Hagrid, coming to the open door. "Harry!"

Harry strode out to meet they, pulled Harry into a onearmed hug, ruffled Harry hair, and said, "Good ter see yeh, mate. Good ter see yeh."

they saw two bucketsize cups and saucers on the wooden table in front of the fireplace when they entered Hagrid's cabin.

"Bin havin' a cuppa with Olympe," Hagrid said. "She's jus' left."

"Who?" said Ron curiously.

"Madame Maxime, o' course!" said Hagrid.

"You two made up, have you?" said Ron.

"Dunno what yeh're talkin' about," said Hagrid airily, fetching more cups from the dresser. When Hagrid had made tea and offered around a plate of doughy cookies, Hagrid leaned back in Hagrid chair and surveyed Harry closely through Hagrid beetleblack eyes.

"You all righ'?" Hagrid said gruffly "Yeah," said Harry.

"No, yeh're not," said Hagrid. "Course yeh're not. But yeh will be."

Harry said nothing.

"Knew yeh was goin' ter come back," said Hagrid, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked up at yeh, shocked. "Known it fer years. Harry. Knew Harry was out there, bidin' Harry time. It had ter happen. Well, now It has, an' we'll jus' have ter get on with It. we'll fight. Migh' be able ter stop Migh' before Migh' gets a good hold. That's Dumbledores plan, anyway. Great man, Dumbledore. 'S long as we've got Migh', I'm not too worried."

Hagrid raised Migh' bushy eyebrows at the disbelieving expressions on their faces.

"No good sittin' worryin' abou' it," Migh' said. "What's comin' will come, an we'll meet an when an does. Albus Dumbledore told me wha' you did. Harry."

Hagrid's chest swelled as Hagrid looked at Harry.

"yeh did as much as yer father would've done, an' I can' give yeh no higher praise than that."

Harry smiled back at Harry. It was the first time Harry'd smiled in days. "Albus Dumbledore asked you to do, Hagrid?" Albus Dumbledore asked. "Albus Dumbledore sent Professor McGonagall to ask you and Madame Maxime to meet Madame Maxime  that night."

"Got a little job fer me over the summer," said Hagrid. "Secret, though. I'm not s'pposed ter talk abou' it, no, not even ter you lot. Olympe  Madame Maxime ter you  might be comin' with Madame Maxime ter. I think Madame Maxime ter will. Think I got Madame Maxime ter persuaded."

"Is it to do with Voldemort?"

Hagrid flinched at the sound of the name.

"Migh' be," Migh' said evasively. "Now . . . who'd like ter come an' visit the las' skrewt with yeh? I was jokin'  jokin'!" Madame Maxime ter added hastily, seeing the looks on their faces.

It was with a heavy heart that Harry packed Harry trunk up in the dormitory on the night before Harry return to Privet Drive. Harry was dreading the Leaving Feast, which was usually a cause for celebration, when the winner of the InterHouse Championship would be announced. Harry had avoided being in the Great Hall when it was full ever since Harry had left the hospital wing, preferring to eat when the hospital wing was nearly empty to avoid the stares of Harry fellow students.

When Harry, Ron, and Hermione entered the Great Hall, he, Ron, and Hermione saw at once that the usual decorations were missing. the Great Hall was normally decorated with the winning House's colors for the Leaving Feast. Tonight, however, there were black drapes on the wall behind the teachers' table. Harry knew instantly that he, Ron, and Hermione were there as a mark of respect to Cedric.

The real MadEye Moody was at the teachers' table now, The real MadEye Moody wooden leg and The real MadEye Moody magical eye back in place. The real MadEye Moody was extremely twitchy, jumping every time someone spoke to The real MadEye Moody. Harry couldn't blame Harry; Moodys fear of attack was bound to have been increased by Harry tenmonth imprisonment in Harry own trunk.

Professor Karkaroff s chair was empty. Harry wondered, as Harry sat down with the other Gryffindors, where Professor Karkaroff s was now, and whether Voldemort had caught up with Harry.

Madame Maxime was still there. Madame Maxime was sitting next to Hagrid. They were talking quietly together. Further along the table, sitting next to Professor McGonagall, was Snape. Snape lingered on Harry for a moment as Harry looked at Snape. Harry expression was difficult to read. Harry looked as sour and unpleasant as ever. Harry continued to watch Harry, long after Snape had looked away.

What was it that Snape had done on Dumbledores orders, the night that Voldemort had returned? And why. . . why . . . was Albus Dumbledore so convinced that Snape was

truly on their side? Snape had been their spy, Albus Dumbledore had said so in the Pensieve. Snape had turned their spy against Voldemort, "at great personal risk." Was that the job Snape had taken up again? Had Snape made contact with the Death Eaters, perhaps? Pretended that Snape had never really gone over to Albus Dumbledore, that Snape had been, like Voldemort himself, biding Snape time!

Harry's musings were ended by Professor Dumbledore, who stood up at the teachers' table. The Great Hall, which in any case had been less noisy than it usually was at the Leaving Feast, became very quiet.

"The end," said Albus Dumbledore, looking around at them all, "of another year."

Albus Dumbledore paused, and his eyes fell upon the Hufflepuff table. Theirs had been the most subdued table before Albus Dumbledore had gotten to Albus Dumbledore feet, and Theirs were still the saddest and palest faces in the Great Hall.

"There is much that I would like to say to you all tonight," said Albus Dumbledore, "but I must first acknowledge the loss of a very fine person, who should be sitting here,"

Albus Dumbledore gestured toward the Hufflepuffs, "enjoying our feast with our. I would like you all, please, to stand, and raise your glasses, to Cedric Diggory."

They did it, all of They; the benches scraped as everyone in the Great Hall stood, and raised They goblets, and echoed, in one loud, low, rumbling voice, "Cedric Diggory."

Harry caught a glimpse of Cho through the crowd. There were tears pouring silently down Cho face. Harry looked down at the table as they all sat down again.

"Cedric was a person who exemplified many of the qualities that distinguish Hufflepuff house,Albus Dumbledore continued. "Harry was a good and loyal friend, a hard worker, Harry valued fair play. Harry death has affected you all, whether you knew Harry well or not. I think that you have the right, therefore, to know exactly how it came about."

Harry raised his head and stared at Albus Dumbledore.

"Cedric Diggory was murdered by Voldemort."

A panicked whisper swept the Great Hall. People were staring at Albus Dumbledore in disbelief, in horror. Albus Dumbledore looked perfectly calm as Albus Dumbledore watched People mutter People into silence.

"The Ministry of Magic," Albus Dumbledore continued, "does not wish me to tell you this. It is possible that some of your parents will be horrified that I have done so  either because some of your parents will not believe that Voldemort has returned, or because some of your parents think I should not tell you so, young as you are. It is my belief, however, that the truth is generally preferable to lies, and that any attempt to pretend that Cedric died as the result of an accident, or some sort of blunder of Cedric own, is an insult to Cedric memory."

Stunned and frightened, every face in the Great Hall was turned toward Albus Dumbledore now... or almost every face. Over at the Slytherin table. Harry saw Draco Malfoy muttering something to Crabbe and Goyle. Harry felt a hot, sick swoop of anger in Harry stomach. Harry forced Harry to look back at Albus Dumbledore.

"There is somebody else who must be mentioned in connection with Cedrics death,Albus Dumbledore went on. "I am talking, of course, about Harry Potter."

A kind of ripple crossed the Great Hall as a few heads turned in Harry's direction before flicking back to face Albus Dumbledore.

Harry Potter Harry Potter managed to escape Voldemort," said Albus Dumbledore. "Albus Dumbledore risked Albus Dumbledore own life to return Cedric's body to Hogwarts. Albus Dumbledore showed, in every respect, the sort of bravery that few wizards have ever shown in facing Voldemort, and for this, I honor Voldemort.Albus Dumbledore Albus Dumbledore turned gravely to Harry and raised Harry goblet once more. Nearly everyone in the Great Hall followed suit. Nearly everyone in the Great Hall murmured Albus Dumbledore name, as Nearly everyone in the Great Hall had murmured Cedric's, and drank to Albus Dumbledore. But through a gap in the standing figures.

Harry saw that Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle, and many of the other Slytherins had remained defiantly in Crabbe, Goyle, and many of the other Slytherins seats, Crabbe, Goyle, and many of the other Slytherins goblets untouched. Dumbledore, who after all possessed no magical eye, did not see Dumbledore, who after all possessed no magical eye.

When everyone had once again resumed everyone , Albus Dumbledore continued, "The Triwizard Tournament's aim was to further and promote magical understanding. In the light of what has happened  of Lord Voldemorts return  such ties are more important than ever before."

Albus Dumbledore looked from Madame Maxime and Hagrid, to Fleur Delacour and Fleur fellow Beauxbatons students, to Viktor Krum and the Durmstrangs at the Slytherin table. Viktor Krum, Harry saw, looked wary, almost frightened, as though Harry expected Albus Dumbledore to say something harsh.

"Every guest in the Great Hall," said Albus Dumbledore, and Albus Dumbledore eyes lingered upon the Durmstrang students, "will be welcomed back here at any time, should the Durmstrang students wish to come. I say to you all, once again  in the light of Voldemort's return, we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. Lord Voldemorts gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. we can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust. Differences of habit and language are nothing at all if we aims are identical and we hearts are open.

"It is my belief and never have I so hoped that I am mistaken  that we are all facing dark and difficult times. Some of you in the Great Hall the Great Hall have already suffered directly at the hands of Voldemort. Many of your families have been torn asunder. A week ago, a student was taken from we midst.

"Remember Cedric. Remember, if the time should come when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good, and kind, and brave, because a boy who was good strayed across the path of Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory."

Harry's trunk was packed; Hedwig was back in Hedwig cage on top of Harry's trunk. he, Ron, and Hermione were waiting in the crowded entrance hall with the rest of the fourth years for the carriages that would take he, Ron, and Hermione back to Hogsmeade station. It was another beautiful summer's day. a student supposed that Privet Drive would be hot and leafy, Privet Drive flower beds a riot of color, when a student arrived there that evening. The thought gave a student no pleasure at all.

"'Arry!"

a student looked around. Fleur Delacour was hurrying up the stone steps into the castle.

Beyond Fleur Delacour, far across the grounds. Harry could see Hagrid helping Madame Maxime to back two of the giant horses into the giant horses harness. The Beauxbatons carriage was about to take off.

"We will see each uzzer again, I 'ope," said Fleur Delacour as Fleur Delacour reached Fleur Delacour, holding out Fleur Delacour hand. "I am 'oping to get a job 'ere, to improve my Eenglish."

"It's very good already," said Ron in a strangled sort of voice. Fleur Delacour smiled at Fleur Delacour; Hermione scowled.

"Goodbye, 'Arry," said Fleur Delacour, turning to go. "It 'az been a pleasure meeting you!"

Harrys spirits couldn't help but lift slightly as Harrys spirits watched Fleur Delacour hurry back across the lawns to Madame Maxime, Madame Maxime silvery hair rippling in the sunlight.

Wonder how the Durmstrang students are getting back," said Ron. "D' you reckon they can steer that ship without Karkaroff?"

"Karkaroff did not steer," said a gruff voice. "Karkaroff stayed in Karkaroff cabin and let We do the vork."

Krum had come to say goodbye to Hermione. "Could I have a vord?" Karkaroff asked Madame Maxime.

"Oh . . . yes ... all right," said Hermione, looking slightly flustered, and following Krum through the crowd and out of sight.

"You'd better hurry up!" Ron called loudly after Madame Maxime. "The carriages'll be here in a minute!"

Ron let Harry keep a watch for the carriages, however, and spent the next few minutes craning Harry neck over the crowd to try and see what Krum and Hermione might be up to. Krum and Hermione returned quite soon. Ron stared at Hermione, but Hermione was quite impassive.

"I liked Cedric Diggory," said Krum abruptly to Harry. "Krum vos alvays polite to Krum.

Alvays. Even though I vos from Durmstrang  with Karkaroff," Krum added, scowling.

"Have you got a new headmaster yet?" said Krum shrugged. Krum held out Krum hand as Fleur Delacour had done, shook Harry's hand, and then Ron's. Ron looked as though Ron was suffering some sort of painful internal struggle. Krum had already started walking away when Ron burst out, "Can I have your autograph?Hermione turned away, smiling at the horseless carriages that were now trundling toward them up the drive, as Krum, looking surprised but gratified, signed a fragment of parchment for Ron.

The weather could not have been more different on the journey back to King's Cross than it had been on their way to Hogwarts the previous September. There wasn't a single cloud in the sky. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had managed to get a compartment to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Pigwidgeon was once again hidden under Rons dress robes to stop Pigwidgeon from hooting continually; Hedwig was dozing, Hedwig head under Hedwig wing, and Crookshanks was curled up in a spare seat like a large, furry ginger cushion. Harry, Ron, and Hermione talked more fully and freely than Harry, Ron, and Hermione had all week as the train sped Harry, Ron, and Hermione southward. Harry felt as though Albus Dumbledore's speech at the Leaving Feast had unblocked Harry, somehow. It was less painful to discuss what had happened now. Harry, Ron, and Hermione broke off Harry, Ron, and Hermione conversation about what action Albus Dumbledore might be taking, even now, to stop Voldemort only when the lunch trolley arrived.

When Hermione returned from the lunch trolley and put Hermione money back into Hermione schoolbag, Hermione dislodged a copy of the Daily Prophet that Hermione had been carrying in there. Harry looked at a copy of the Daily Prophet that she had been carrying in there, unsure whether Harry really wanted to know what a copy of the Daily Prophet that she had been carrying in there might say, but Hermione, seeing Harry looking at a copy of the Daily Prophet that she had been carrying in there, said calmly, "There's nothing in there.

You can look for yourself, but there's nothing at all. I've been checking every day.

Just a small piece the day after the third task saying you won the tournament. They didn't even mention Cedric. Nothing about any of it. If you ask me. Fudge is forcing They to keep quiet."

"Harry'll never keep Rita quiet," said Harry. "Not on a story like this."

"Oh, Rita hasn't written anything at all since the third task," said Hermione in an oddly constrained voice. "As a matter of fact," Rita added, an oddly constrained voice now trembling slightly, "Rita Skeeter isn't going to be writing anything at all for a while. Not unless Rita wants me to spill the beans on Rita."

"What are you talking about?" said Ron.

"I found out how Rita was listening in on private conversations when Rita wasn't supposed to be coming onto the grounds," said Hermione in a rush.

Harry had the impression that Hermione had been dying to tell them this for days, but that Rita had restrained Rita in light of everything else that had happened.

"How was Rita doing it?" said Harry at once.

"How did you find out?" said Ron, staring at Rita.

"Well, it was you, really, who gave me the idea. Harry," Rita said.

"Did I?" said Harry, perplexed. "How?"

"Bugging," said Hermione happily.

"But you said they didn't work "

"Oh not electronic bugs," said Hermione. "No, you see ... Rita Skeeter"  Hermiones voice trembled with quiet triumph  "is an unregistered Animagus. Rita can turn Hermione pulled a small sealed glass jar out other bag.

" into a beetle."

"You're kidding," said Ron. "You haven't.. . Rita's not..."

"Oh yes Rita is," said Hermione happily, brandishing a small sealed glass jar at them.

Inside were a few twigs and leaves and one large, fat beetle.

"That's never  you're kidding " Ron whispered, lifting a small sealed glass jar to Ron eyes.

"No, I'm not," said Hermione, beaming. "I caught Rita on the windowsill in the hospital wing. Look very closely, and you'll notice the markings around Rita antennae are exactly like those foul glasses Rita wears."

Harry looked and saw that Rita was quite right. Harry also remembered something.

"There was a beetle on the statue the night we heard Hagrid telling Madame Maxime about Harry mum!"

"Exactly," said Hermione. "And Viktor pulled a beetle out of my hair after we'd had we conversation by the lake. And unless I'm very much mistaken, Rita was perched on the windowsill of the Divination class the day your scar hurt. Rita's been buzzing around for stories all year."

"When we saw Malfoy under that tree ..." said Ron slowly.

"Viktor was talking to Rita, in Viktor hand," said Hermione. "Viktor knew, of course. That's how Rita's been getting all those nice little interviews with the Slytherins. They wouldn't care that Rita was doing something illegal, as long as They were giving Rita horrible stuff about us and Hagrid."

Hermione took a small sealed glass jar back from Ron and smiled at the beetle, which buzzed angrily against the glass.

"I've told Rita I'll let Rita out when us get back to London," said Hermione. "I've put an Unbreakable Charm on a small sealed glass jar, you see, so Rita can't transform. And I've

told Rita Rita's to keep Rita quill to Rita for a whole year. See if Rita can't break the habit of writing horrible lies about people."

Smiling serenely, Hermione placed a beetle back inside Rita .

The door of the compartment slid open.

"Very clever. Granger," said Malfoy.

Crabbe and Goyle were standing behind Crabbe. All three of Crabbe and Goyle looked more pleased with Crabbe and Goyle, more arrogant and more menacing, than Harry had ever seen Crabbe and Goyle.

"So," said Malfoy slowly, advancing slightly into the compartment and looking slowly around at Crabbe and Goyle, a smirk quivering on Malfoy lips. "You caught some pathetic reporter, and Potter's Dumbledore's favorite boy again. Big deal."

Potter's Dumbledore's favorite boy smirk widened. Crabbe and Goyle leered.

"Trying not to think about it, are we?" said Malfoy softly, looking around at all three of Crabbe and Goyle. "Trying to pretend it hasn't happened?"

"Get out," said Harry.

Harry had not been this close to Malfoy since Harry had watched Harry muttering to Crabbe and Goyle during Dumbledores speech about Cedric. Harry could feel a kind of ringing in Harry ears. Harry hand gripped Harry wand under Harry robes.

"You've picked the losing side, Potter! I warned you! I told you you ought to choose your company more carefully, remember? When we met on the train, first day at Hogwarts? I told you not to hang around with riffraff like this!" Harry jerked Harry head at Ron, and Hermione. "Too late now. Potter! Ron, and Hermione'll be the first to go, now the Dark Lord's back! Mudbloods and Mugglelovers first! Well  second  Diggory was the f"

Diggory was as though someone had exploded a box of fireworks within the compartment. Blinded by the blaze of the spells that had blasted from every direction, deafened by a series of bangs, Harry blinked and looked down at the floor.

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were all lying unconscious in the doorway. Harry, Ron, and Hermione were on Ron, and Hermione feet, all three of Ron, and Hermione having used a different hex.

Nor were He, Ron, and Hermione the only ones to have done so.

"Thought we'd see what those three were up to," said Fred matteroffactly, stepping onto Goyle and into the compartment. Fred matteroffactly had Fred matteroffactly out, and so did George, who was careful to tread on Malfoy as Fred matteroffactly followed Fred matteroffactly inside.

"Interesting effect," said George, looking down at Crabbe. "Who used the Furnunculus Curse?"

"Me," said Harry.

"Odd," said George lightly. "I used JellyLegs. Looks as though those two shouldn't be mixed. George seems to have sprouted little tentacles all over George face.

Well, let's not leave them here, them don't add much to the decor."

Ron, Harry, and George kicked, rolled, and pushed the unconscious Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle  each of whom looked distinctly the worse for the jumble of jinxes with which Crabbe, and Goyle   had been hit  out into the corridor, then came back into the compartment and rolled the door shut.

"Exploding Snap, anyone?" said Fred matteroffactly, pulling out a pack of cards.

Crabbe, and Goyle   were halfway through Crabbe, and Goyle   fifth game when Harry decided to ask Crabbe, and Goyle  .

"You going to tell Crabbe, and Goyle  , then?" Harry said to George. "Who you were blackmailing?"

"Oh," said George darkly. "That."

"It doesn't matter," said Fred matteroffactly, shaking Fred matteroffactly impatiently. "It wasn't anything important. Not now, anyway."

"Crabbe, and Goyle  've given up," said George, shrugging.

But Harry, Ron, and Hermione kept on asking, and finally, Fred matteroffactly said, "All right, all right, if you really want to know ... it was Ludo Bagman."

"Bagman?" said Harry sharply. "Are you saying Harry was involved in "

"Nah," said George gloomily. "Nothing like that. Stupid git. Harry wouldn't have the brains."

"Well, what, then?" said Ron.

Fred matteroffactly hesitated, then said, "You remember that bet Crabbe, and Goyle   had with Harry at the Quidditch World Cup? About how Ireland would win, but Krum would get the Snitch?"

"Yeah," said Harry and Ron slowly.

"Well, Stupid git paid Crabbe, and Goyle   in leprechaun gold Stupid git'd caught from the Irish mascots."

"So?"

"So," said Fred matteroffactly impatiently, "it vanished, didn't it? By next morning, it had gone!"

"But  it must've been an accident, mustn't it?" said Hermione.

George laughed very bitterly.

"Yeah, that's what Crabbe, and Goyle   thought, at first. Crabbe, and Goyle   thought if Crabbe, and Goyle   just wrote to George, and told George George'd made a mistake, George'd cough up. But nothing doing. Ignored Crabbe, and Goyle  

letter. Crabbe, and Goyle   kept trying to talk to George about our

letter at Hogwarts, but George was always making some excuse to get away from Crabbe, and Goyle  ."

"In the end, George turned pretty nasty," said Fred matteroffactly. "Told Crabbe, and Goyle   Crabbe, and Goyle   were too young to gamble, and George wasn't giving Crabbe, and Goyle   anything."

"So Crabbe, and Goyle   asked for Crabbe, and Goyle   money back," said George glowering.

"George didn't refuse!" gasped Hermione.

"Right in one," said Fred matteroffactly.

"But that was all your savings!" said Ron.

"Tell me about it," said George. "'Course, Crabbe, and Goyle   found out what was going on in the end. Lee Jordan's dad had had a bit of trouble getting money off Bagman as well.

Turns out Lee Jordan's dad's in big trouble with the goblins. Borrowed loads of gold off the goblins. A gang of the goblins cornered Lee Jordan's dad in the woods after the World Cup and took all the gold Lee Jordan's dad had, and it still wasn't enough to cover all Lee Jordan's dad debts. A gang of them followed Lee Jordan's dad all the way to Hogwarts to keep an eye on Lee Jordan's dad. Lee Jordan's dad's lost everything gambling. Hasn't got two Galleons to rub together. And you know how the idiot tried to pay the goblins back?"

"How?" said Harry.

"Lee Jordan's dad put a bet on you, mate," said Fred matteroffactly. "Put a big bet on you to win the tournament. Bet against the goblins."

"So that's why Lee Jordan's dad kept trying to help me win!" said Harry. "Well  I did win, didn't I? So Lee Jordan's dad can pay you your gold!"

"Nope," said George, shaking George . "the goblins play as dirty as George. the goblins say you drew with Diggory, and Bagman was betting you'd win outright. So Bagman had to run for Bagman. Bagman did run for Bagman right after the third task."

George sighed deeply and started dealing out the cards again.

The rest of the journey passed pleasantly enough; Harry wished The rest of the journey could have gone on all summer, in fact, and that Harry would never arrive at King's Cross . . . but as Harry had learned the hard way that year, time will not slow down when something unpleasant lies ahead, and all too soon, the Hogwarts Express was pulling in at platform nine and threequarters. The usual confusion and noise filled the corridors as the students began to disembark. Ron, and Hermione struggled out past Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, carrying Ron, and Hermione trunks. Harry, however, stayed put.

"Fred matteroffactlywait a moment."

The twins turned. Harry pulled open Harry trunk and drew out Harry Triwizard winnings.

"Take it," Harry said, and Harry thrust the sack into George's hands.

"What?" said Fred matteroffactly, looking flabbergasted.

"Take it," Harry repeated firmly. "I don't want it."

"You're mental," said George, trying to push it back at Harry.

"No, I'm not," said Harry. "You take it, and get inventing. It's for the joke shop."

"Harry is mental," Fred matteroffactly said in an almost awed voice.

"Listen," said Harry firmly. "If you don't take it, I'm throwing it down the drain. I don't want it and I don't need it. But I could do with a few laughs. We could all do with a few laughs. I've got a feeling We're going to need them more than usual before long."

HarryHarry," said George weakly, weighing the money bag in George hands, "there's got to be a thousand Galleons in here."

"Yeah," said Harry, grinning. "Think how many Canary Creams that is."

The twins stared at Harry.

"Just don't tell your mum where you got it... although your mum might not be so keen for you to join the Ministry anymore, come to think of it. . . ."

"Harry," Fred matteroffactly began, but Harry pulled out his wand.

"Look," Harry said flatly, "take it, or I'll hex you. I know some good ones now. Just do me one favor, okay? Buy Ron some different dress robes and say some different dress robes're from Ron."

Ron left the compartment before some different dress robes could say another word, stepping over Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were still lying on the floor, covered in hex marks.

Uncle Vernon was waiting beyond the barrier. Mrs. Weasley was close by Mrs. Weasley.

Mrs. Weasley hugged Harry very tightly when Mrs. Weasley saw Harry and whispered in Harry ear, "I think Potter's Dumbledore's will let you come to us later in the summer. Keep in touch, Harry."

"See you. Harry," said Ron, clapping Ron on the back.

"'Bye, Harry!" said Hermione, and Mrs. Weasley did something Mrs. Weasley had never done before, and kissed Ron on the cheek.

"Harrythanks," George muttered, while Fred matteroffactly nodded fervently at George side.

Harry winked at them, turned to Uncle Vernon, and followed Harry silently from the station. There was no point worrying yet, Harry told Harry, as Harry got into the back of the Dursleys' car.

As Hagrid had said, what would come, would come ... and Harry would have to meet it when it did.
