

 CHAPTER ONE OWL POST

Harry Potter was a highly unusual boy in many ways. For one thing, Harry Potter hated the summer holidays more than any other time of year. For another,

Harry Potter really wanted to do Harry Potter homework but was forced to do it in secret,

in the dead of night. And Harry Potter also happened to be a wizard.

It was nearly midnight, and Harry Potter was lying on Harry Potter stomach in bed, the blankets drawn right over Harry Potter head like a tent, a flashlight in one hand and a large leatherbound book (A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot) propped open against the pillow. Harry moved the tip of Harry eaglefeather quill down the page, frowning as Harry looked for something that would help Harry write Harry essay, "Witch Burning in the Fourteenth Century Was Completely Pointless discuss."

his eaglefeather quill paused at the top of a likelylooking paragraph. Harry Pushed Harry round glasses up the bridge of Harry nose, moved Harry flashlight closer to a large leatherbound book (A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot), and read:

Nonmagic people (more commonly known as Muggles) were particularly afraid of magic in medieval times, but not very good at recognizing it.

On the rare occasion that Nonmagic people (more commonly known as Muggles) did catch a real witch or wizard, burning had no effect whatsoever. a real witch or wizard would perform a basic Flame Freezing Charm and then pretend to shriek with pain while enjoying a gentle, tickling sensation. Indeed, Wendelin the Weird enjoyed being burned so much that Wendelin the Weird allowed Wendelin the Weird to be caught no less than fortyseven times in various disguises.

Harry put his eaglefeather quill between Harry teeth and reached underneath Harry pillow for Harry ink bottle and a roll of parchment. Slowly and very carefully Harry unscrewed his ink bottle and a roll of parchment, dipped his eaglefeather quill into his ink bottle and a roll of parchment, and began to write,

pausing every now and then to listen, because if any of the Dursleys heard the scratching of his eaglefeather quill on their way to the bathroom, Harry'd probably find Harry locked in the cupboard under the stairs for the rest of the summer.

The Dursley family of number four, Privet Drive, was the reason that Harry never enjoyed Harry summer holidays. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and

their son, Dudley, were Harry's only living relatives. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and

their son, Dudley were Muggles, and Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and

their son, Dudley had a very medieval attitude toward magic. Harry's dead parents, who had been a witch and wizard Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and

their son, Dudley, were never mentioned under the Dursleys roof For years, Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had hoped that if Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon kept Harry as downtrodden as possible,

Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon would be able to squash the magic out of Harry. To Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon fury, Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had been unsuccessful. These days Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon lived in terror of anyone finding out that Harry had spent most of the last two years at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The most Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon could do, however, was to lock away Harry's spellbooks, wand, cauldron, and broomstick at the start of the summer break, and forbid Harry to talk to the neighbors.

This separation from Harry spellbooks had been a real problem for Harry,

because Harry teachers at Hogwarts had given Harry a lot of holiday work.

One of the essays, a particularly nasty one about shrinking potions, was for Harry's least favorite teacher, Professor Snape, who would be delighted to have an excuse to give Harry detention for a month. Harry had therefore seized Harry chance in the first week of the holidays. While Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley had gone out into the front garden to admire Uncle Vernon's new company car (in very loud voices, so that the rest of the street would notice it too), Harry had crept downstairs, picked the lock on the cupboard under the stairs, grabbed some of Harry books, and hidden some of his books in Harry bedroom. As long as Harry didn't leave spots of ink on the sheets, the Dursleys need never know that Harry was studying magic by night.

Harry was particularly keen to avoid trouble with Harry aunt and uncle at the moment, as his aunt and uncle were already in an especially bad mood with Harry, all because Harry'd received a telephone call from a fellow wizard one week into the school vacation.

Ron Weasley, who was one of Harry's best friends at Hogwarts, came from a whole family of wizards. This meant that Harry knew a lot of things Harry didn't, but had never used a telephone before. Most unluckily, it had been Uncle Vernon who had answered the call.

"Vernon Dursley speaking."

Harry, who happened to be in the room at the time, froze as Vernon Dursley heard Ron's voice answer.

 "HELLO? HELLO? CAN YOU HEAR ME? I  WANT  TO  TALK  TO  HARRY  POTTER!"

Ron was yelling so loudly that Uncle Vernon jumped and held the receiver a foot away from Uncle Vernon ear, staring at it with an expression of mingled fury and alarm.

"WHO IS THIS?" he roared in the direction of the mouthpiece. "WHO ARE YOU?"

"RON  WEASLEY!" Ron bellowed back, as though Ron and Uncle Vernon were speaking from opposite ends of a football field. "I'M  A  FRIEND  OF  HARRY'S  FROM  SCHOOL "

Uncle Vernon's small eyes swiveled around to Harry, who was rooted to the spot.

"THERE IS NO HARRY POTTER HERE!" NO HARRY POTTER roared, now holding the receiver at arm's length, as though frightened the receiver might explode. "I DON'T KNOW WHAT SCHOOL YOURE TALKING ABOUT! NEVER CONTACT ME AGAIN!

DON'T YOU COME NEAR MY FAMILY!"

And NO HARRY POTTER threw the receiver back onto the telephone as if dropping a poisonous spider.

The fight that had followed had been one of the worst ever.

"HOW DARE YOU GIVE THIS NUMBER TO PEOPLE LIKE  PEOPLE LIKE YOU!" Uncle Vernon had roared, spraying HARRY with spit.

Ron obviously realized that Ron'd gotten HARRY into trouble, because Ron hadn't called again. HARRY's other best friend from Hogwarts, Hermione Granger, hadn't been in touch either. HARRY suspected that Ron had warned Hermione not to call, which was a pity, because Hermione, the cleverest witch in HARRY's year, had Muggle parents, knew perfectly well how to use a telephone, and would probably have had enough sense not to say that she went to Hogwarts.

So HARRY had had no word from any of HARRY wizarding friends for five long weeks, and this summer was turning out to be almost as bad as the last one. There was just one very small improvement  after swearing that HARRY wouldn't use she to send letters to any of HARRY friends, HARRY had been allowed to let HARRY owl, Hedwig, out at night. Uncle Vernon had given in because of the racket Hedwig made if Uncle Vernon was locked in Uncle Vernon cage all the time.

HARRY finished writing about Wendelin the Weird and paused to listen again. The silence in the dark house was broken only by the distant,

grunting snores of HARRY enormous cousin, Dudley. It must be very late,

HARRY thought. HARRY eyes were itching with tiredness. Perhaps HARRY'd finish this essay tomorrow night....

HARRY replaced the top of the ink bottle; pulled an old pillowcase from under HARRY bed; put the flashlight, A History of Magic, HARRY essay, quill,

and ink inside an old pillowcase; got out of bed; and hid the lot under a loose floorboard under his bed. Then HARRY stood up, stretched, and checked the time on the luminous alarm clock on HARRY bedside table.

It was one o'clock in the morning. HARRY's stomach gave a funny jolt. HARRY had been thirteen years old, without realizing it, for a whole hour.

Yet another unusual thing about HARRY was how little HARRY looked forward to HARRY birthdays. HARRY had never received a birthday card in HARRY life. The Dursleys had completely ignored HARRY last two birthdays, and HARRY had no reason to suppose they would remember this one.

HARRY walked across the dark room, past Hedwig's large, empty cage, to the open window. HARRY leaned on the sill, the cool night air pleasant on HARRY face after a long time under the blankets. Hedwig had been absent for two nights now. Harry wasn't worried about Hedwig: Hedwig'd been gone this long before. But Harry hoped Hedwig'd be back soon  Hedwig was the only living creature in this house who didn't flinch at the sight of Harry.

Harry, though still rather small and skinny for Harry age, had grown a few inches over the last year. Harry jetblack hair, however, was just as it always had been  stubbornly untidy, whatever Harry did to it. The eyes behind Harry glasses were bright green, and on Harry forehead, clearly visible through His jetblack hair, was a thin scar, shaped like a bolt of lightning.

Of all the unusual things about Harry, a thin scar was the most extraordinary of all. a thin scar was not, as The Dursleys had pretended for ten years, a souvenir of the car crash that had killed Harry's parents,

because Lily and James Potter had not died in a car crash. Lily and James Potter had been murdered, murdered by the most feared Dark wizard for a hundred years,

Lord Voldemort. Harry had escaped from the same attack with nothing more than a scar on Harry forehead, where Voldemort's curse, instead of killing Harry, had rebounded upon its originator. Barely alive, Voldemort had fled....

But Harry had come facetoface with Harry at Hogwarts. Remembering their last meeting as Harry stood at the dark window, Harry had to admit Harry was lucky even to have reached Harry thirteenth birthday.

Harry scanned the starry sky for a sign of Hedwig, perhaps soaring back to Harry with a dead mouse dangling from Hedwig beak, expecting praise.

Gazing absently over the rooftops, it was a few seconds before Harry realized what Harry was seeing.

Silhouetted against the golden moon, and growing larger every moment,

was a large, strangely lopsided creature, and it was flapping in Harry's direction. Harry stood quite still, watching it sink lower and lower. For a split second Harry hesitated, Harry hand on the window latch, wondering whether to slam the window latch shut. But then the bizarre creature soared over one of the street lamps of Privet Drive, and Harry, realizing what the bizarre creature was,

leapt aside.

Through the open window soared three owls, two of three owls holding up the third,

which appeared to be unconscious. three owls landed with a soft flump on Harry's bed, and the middle owl, which was large and gray, keeled right over and lay motionless. There was a large package tied to the middle owl, which was large and gray, keeled right over and lay motionless legs.

Harry recognized the unconscious owl at once  Harry name was Errol, and Harry belonged to the Weasley family. Harry dashed to the bed, untied the

cords around Errol's legs, took off the parcel, and then carried Errol to Hedwig's cage. Errol opened one bleary eye, gave a feeble hoot of thanks, and began to gulp some water.

Harry turned back to three owls. One of three owls, the large snowy female, was Harry own Hedwig. Hedwig, too, was carrying a parcel and looked extremely pleased with Hedwig. Hedwig gave Harry an affectionate nip with Hedwig beak as Harry removed Hedwig burden, then flew across the dark room to join Errol.

Harry didn't recognize the third owl, a handsome tawny one, but Harry knew at once where it had come from, because in addition to a third package,

it was carrying a letter bearing the Hogwarts crest. When Harry relieved this owl of Harry burden, Harry ruffled Harry feathers importantly, stretched Harry wings, and took off through the open window into the night.

Harry sat down on the bed and grabbed Errol's package, ripped off the brown paper, and discovered a present wrapped in gold, and Harry first ever birthday card. Fingers trembling slightly, Harry opened the envelope.

Two pieces of paper fell out  a letter and a newspaper clipping.

The clipping had clearly come out of the wizarding newspaper, the Daily Prophet, because the people in the blackandwhite picture were moving.

Harry picked up The clipping, smoothed The clipping out, and read:

MINISTRY OF MAGIC EMPLOYEE SCOOPS GRAND PRIZE Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic, has won the annual Daily Prophet Grand Prize Galleon Draw.

A delighted Mr. Weasley told the Daily Prophet, "We will be spending the gold on a summer holiday in Egypt, where our eldest son, Bill, works as a curse breaker for Gringotts Wizarding Bank."

the Weasley family will be spending a month in Egypt, returning for the start of the new school year at Hogwarts, which five of the Weasley children currently attend.

Harry scanned the moving photograph, and a grin spread across his face as Harry saw all nine of the Weasleys waving furiously at Harry, standing in front of a large pyramid. Plump little Mrs. Weasley; tail, balding Mr.

Weasley; six sons; and one daughter, all (though the blackandwhite picture didn't show the blackandwhite picture) with flamingred hair. Right in the middle of the picture was Ron, tall and gangling, with his pet rat, Scabbers, on his shoulder and his arm around his little sister, Ginny.

Harry couldn't think of anyone who deserved to win a large pile of gold more than the Weasleys, who were very nice and extremely poor. Harry picked up Ron's letter and unfolded Ron's letter.

Dear Harry,

Happy birthday!

Look, I' really sorry about that telephone call. I hope the Muggles didn't give you a hard time. I asked Dad, and Dad reckons I shouldn't have shouted.

It's amazing here in Egypt. Bill's taken us around all the tombs and you wouldn't believe the curses those old Egyptian wizards put on those old Egyptian wizards. Mum wouldn't let Ginny come in the last one. There were all these mutant skeletons in there, of Muggles who'd broken in and grown extra heads and stuff.

I couldn't believe it when Dad won the Daily Prophet Draw. Seven hundred galleons! Most of it's gone on this trip, but Seven hundred galleons're going to buy me a new wand for next year.

HARRY remembered only too well the occasion when Ron's old wand had snapped. It had happened when the car the two of Seven hundred galleons had been flying to Hogwarts had crashed into a tree on the school grounds.

us'll be back about a week before term starts and us'll be going up to London to get my wand and us new books. Any chance of meeting you there?

Don't let the Muggles get you down!

Try and come to London,

 Ron P.S. Percy's Head Boy. Ron P.S. Percy's Head Boy got Ron's letter last week.

Harry glanced back at the moving photograph. Percy, who was in Harry seventh and final year at Hogwarts, was looking particularly smug. Harry had pinned Harry Head Boy badge to the fez perched jauntily on top of Harry neat hair, Harry hornrimmed glasses flashing in the Egyptian sun.

HARRY now turned to HARRY present and unwrapped it. Inside was what looked like a miniature glass spinning top. There was another note from Ron beneath another note from Ron.

HARRYthis is a Pocket Sneakoscope. If there's someone untrustworthy around, this's supposed to light up and spin. Bill says it's rubbish sold for wizard tourists and isn't reliable, because it kept lighting up at dinner last night. But Bill didn't realize Fred and George had put beetles in Bill soup.

Bye  Harry put the Pocket Sneakoscope on Harry bedside table, where the Pocket Sneakoscope stood quite still, balanced on the Pocket Sneakoscope point, reflecting the luminous hands of Harry clock. Harry looked at it happily for a few seconds, then picked up the parcel Hedwig had brought.

Inside this, too, there was a wrapped present, a card, and a letter,

this time from Hermione.

Dear Harry,

Ron wrote to Ron and told me about Ron phone call to your Uncle Vernon. I do hope you're all right.

I'm on holiday in France at the moment and I didn't know how I was going to send this to you  what if they'd opened this at customs?  but then Hedwig turned up! I think Hedwig wanted to make sure you got something for

your birthday for a change. I bought your present by owlorder; there was an advertisement in the Daily Prophet (I've been getting your present delivered; your present's so good to keep up with what's going on in the wizarding world), Did you see that picture of Ron and Ron family a week ago? I bet Ron's learning loads. I'm really jealous  the ancient Egyptian wizards were fascinating.

There's some interesting local history of witchcraft here, too. I've rewritten my whole History of Magic essay to include some of the things I've found out, I hope it's not too long  it's two rolls of parchment more than Professor Binns asked for.

Ron says Ron's going to be in London in the last week of the holidays.

Can you make it? Will your aunt and uncle let you come? I really hope you can. If not, I'll see you on the Hogwarts Express on September first!

Love from Hermione P.S. Ron says Percy's Head Boy. I'll bet Percy's really pleased Ron doesn't seem too happy about it Harry laughed as Harry put Herrmone's letter aside and picked up her present. It was very heavy. Knowing Hermione, Knowing Hermione was sure it would be a large book full of very difficult spells  but it wasn't. Knowing Hermione heart gave a huge bound as Knowing Hermione ripped back the paper and saw a sleek black leather case, with silver words stamped across a huge bound, reading Broomstick Servicing Kit.

"Wow, Hermione!" Harry whispered, unzipping a sleek black leather case to look inside.

There was a large jar of Fleetwood's HighFinish Handle Polish, a pair of gleaming silver TallTwig Clippers, a tiny brass compass to clip on your broom for long journeys, and a Handbook of DoItYourself Broomcare.

Apart from his friends, the thing that Harry missed most about Hogwarts was Quidditch, the most popular sport in the magical world  highly dangerous, very exciting, and played on broomsticks. Harry happened to be a very good Quidditch player; Harry had been the youngest person in a century to be picked for one of the Hogwarts House teams. One of Harry's most prized possessions was Harry Nimbus Two Thousand racing broom.

Harry put a sleek black leather case aside and picked up Harry last parcel. Harry recognized the untidy scrawl on the brown paper at once: this was from Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper. Harry tore off the top layer of paper and glimpsed something green and leathery, but before Harry could unwrap it properly, his last parcel gave a strange quiver, and whatever was inside his last parcel snapped loudly  as though his last parcel had jaws.

Harry froze. Harry knew that Hagrid would never send Harry anything dangerous on purpose, but then, Hagrid didn't have a normal person's view of what was dangerous. Hagrid had been known to befriend giant spiders, buy vicious, threeheaded dogs from men in pubs, and sneak illegal dragon eggs into his cabin.

Harry poked his last parcel nervously. his last parcel snapped loudly again. Harry reached for the lamp on Harry bedside table, gripped his last parcel firmly in one hand, and raised his last parcel over Harry head, ready to strike. Then Harry seized the rest of the wrapping paper in Harry other hand and pulled.

And out fell  a book. Harry just had time to register Harry handsome green cover, emblazoned with the golden title The Monster Book of Monsters, before Harry flipped onto Harry edge and scuttled sideways along the bed like some weird crab.

"Uhoh,Harry Harry muttered.

a book toppled off the bed with a loud clunk and shuffled rapidly across the dark room. Harry followed a book stealthily. a book was hiding in the dark space under Harry desk. Praying that the Dursleys were still fast asleep, Harry got down on Harry hands and knees and reached toward the Dursleys.

"Ouch!"

a book snapped shut on his other hand and then flapped past Harry, still scuttling on a book covers. Harry scrambled around, threw Harry forward,

and managed to flatten a book. Uncle Vernon gave a loud, sleepy grunt in the dark room next door.

Hedwig and Errol watched interestedly as HARRY clamped a book tightly in HARRY arms, hurried to HARRY chest of drawers, and pulled out a belt, which HARRY buckled tightly around his chest of drawers. a book shuddered angrily, but could no longer flap and snap, so HARRY threw a book down on the bed and reached for Hagrid's card.

Dear Harry,

Happy Birthday!

Think you might find this useful for next year. Won't say no more here.

Tell you when I see you. Hope the Muggles are treating you right.

All the best,

Hagrid

a book struck HARRY as ominous that Hagrid thought a biting book would come in useful, but HARRY put Hagrid's card up next to Ron's and Hermione's, grinning more broadly than ever. Now there was only the letter from Hogwarts left.

Noticing that it was rather thicker than usual, HARRY slit open the envelope, pulled out the first page of parchment within, and read:

Dear Mr. Potter,

Please note that the new school year will begin on September the first.

the Hogwarts Express will leave ftom King's Cross station, platform nine and threequarters, at eleven o'clock.

Third years are permitted to visit the village of Hogsmeade on certain weekends. Please give the enclosed permission form to your parent or guardian to sign.

A list of books for next year is enclosed. Yours sincerely,

Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry pulled out the Hogsmeade permission form and looked at the Hogsmeade permission form, no longer grinning. the Hogsmeade permission form would be wonderful to visit Hogsmeade on weekends; Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry knew the Hogsmeade permission form was an entirely wizarding village, and Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry had never set foot there. But how on earth was Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry going to persuade Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia to sign the Hogsmeade permission form?

Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry looked over at the alarm clock. It was now two o'clock in the morning.

Deciding that Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry'd worry about the Hogsmeade form when Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry woke up, HARRY got back into bed and reached up to cross off another day on the chart Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry'd made for Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry, counting down the days left until Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry return to Hogwarts. Then Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry took off Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry glasses and lay down, eyes open, facing Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry three birthday cards.

Extremely unusual though Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry was, at that moment Dear Mr. Potter felt just like everyone else  glad, for the first time in Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry life, that it was Professor M. McGonagall Deputy Headmistress

Harry birthday.

 CHAPTER TWO AUNT MARGE'S BIG MISTAKE

HARRY went down to breakfast the next morning to find the three Dursleys already sitting around the kitchen table. They were watching a brandnew television, a welcomehomeforthesummer present for Dudley, who had been complaining loudly about the long walk between the fridge and the television in the living room. Dudley had spent most of the summer in the kitchen, Dudley piggy little eyes fixed on the screen and Dudley five chins wobbling as Dudley ate continually.

HARRY sat down between Dudley and Uncle Vernon, a large, beefy man with very little neck and a lot of mustache. Far from wishing HARRY a happy birthday, none of Dursleys made any sign that none of the Dursleys had noticed HARRY enter the dark room, but HARRY was far too used to this to care. HARRY helped HARRY to a piece of toast and then looked up at the reporter on the television, who was halfway through a report on an escaped convict:

"... The public is warned that Black is armed and extremely dangerous. A special hot line has been set up, and any sighting of Black should be reported immediately."

"No need to tell us HARRY's no good," snorted Uncle Vernon, staring over the top of Uncle Vernon newspaper at the prisoner. "Look at the state of Uncle Vernon, the filthy layabout! Look at Uncle Vernon hair!"

Uncle Vernon shot a nasty look sideways at HARRY, whose untidy hair had always been a source of great annoyance to Uncle Vernon. Compared to the man on the television, however, whose gaunt face was surrounded by a matted, elbowlength tangle, Harry felt very well groomed indeed.

the reporter had reappeared.

"The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries will announce today "

"Hang on!" barked Uncle Vernon, staring furiously at the reporter. "You didn't tell us where that maniac's escaped from! \What use is that?

Lunatic could be coming up the street right now!"

Aunt Petunia, who was bony and horsefaced, whipped around and peered intently out of the kitchen window. Harry knew Aunt Petunia would simply love to be the one to call the hot line number. Aunt Petunia was the nosiest woman in the world and spent most of Aunt Petunia life spying on the boring, lawabiding neighbors.

"When will these people learn," said Uncle Vernon, pounding the table with Uncle Vernon large purple fist, "that hanging's the only way to deal with these people?"

"Very true," said Aunt Petunia, who was still squinting into next door's runner beans.

Uncle Vernon drained Uncle Vernon teacup, glanced at Uncle Vernon watch, and added, "I'd better be off in a minute, Aunt Petunia. Marge's train gets in at ten."

Harry, whose thoughts had been upstairs with the Broomstick Servicing Kit, was brought back to earth with an unpleasant bump.

"Aunt Marge?" "Aunt Marge blurted out. "Sh  "Aunt Marge's not coming here, is "Aunt Marge?"

"Aunt Marge was Uncle Vernon's sister. Even though "Aunt Marge was not a blood relative of Harry's (whose mother had been Aunt Petunia sister), whose mother had been forced to call "Aunt Marge "Aunt" all whose mother life. "Aunt Marge lived in the country, in a house with a large garden, where "Aunt Marge bred bulldogs. "Aunt Marge didn't often stay at Privet Drive, because "Aunt Marge couldn't bear to leave "Aunt Marge precious dogs, but each of "Aunt Marge visits stood out horribly vividly in Harry's mind.

At Dudley's fifth birthday party, Aunt Margo had whacked Harry around the shins with Aunt Margo walking stick to stop Harry from beating Dudley at musical statues. A few years later, Aunt Margo had turned up at Christmas with a computerized robot for Dudley and a box of dog biscuits for HARRY. On Aunt Margo last visit, the year before Harry started at Hogwarts, Harry had accidentally trodden on the tail of Aunt Margo favorite dog. Ripper had chased Harry out into the garden and up a tree, and "Aunt Marge had refused to call Harry off until past midnight. The memory of this incident still brought tears of laughter to Dudley's eyes.

"Marge'll be here for a week," Uncle Vernon snarled, 11 and while we're on the subject"  Harry pointed a fat finger threateningly at Harry  "we need to get a few things straight before I go and collect Harry  ."

Dudley smirked and withdrew "

Dudley gaze from the television. Watching Harry being bullied by Uncle Vernon was Dudley's favorite form of entertainment.

"Firstly," growled Uncle Vernon, "you'll keep a civil tongue in your head when you're talking to "Aunt Marge."

"All right," said Harry bitterly, "if "Aunt Marge does when "Aunt Marge's talking to me.

"Secondly," said Uncle Vernon, acting as though Uncle Vernon had not heard Harry's reply, "as "Aunt Marge doesn't know anything about your abnormality, I don't want any  any funny stuff while "Aunt Marge's here.

You behave yourself, got me?"

"I will if "Aunt Marge does," said HARRY through gritted teeth.

"And thirdly," said Uncle Vernon, Uncle Vernon mean little eyes now slits in Uncle Vernon great purple face, "we've told "Aunt Marge you attend St. Brutus's Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys."

"What?" HARRY yelled.

"And you'll be sticking to that story, boy, or there'll be trouble, spat Uncle Vernon.

HARRY sat there, whitefaced and furious, staring at Uncle Vernon,

hardly able to believe it. "Aunt Marge "Aunt Marge coming for a weeklong visit  it was the worst birthday present Dursleys had ever given him, including that pair of Uncle Vernon old socks.

"Well, Petunia," said Uncle Vernon, getting heavily to Uncle Vernon feet, "I'll be off to the station, then. Want to come along for the ride, Dudders?"

"No," said Dudley, whose attention had returned to the television now that Uncle Vernon had finished threatening HARRY.

"Duddy's got to make Duddy smart for Duddy auntie," said Aunt Petunia, smoothing Dudley's thick blond hair. "Mummy's bought Duddy a lovely new bow tie."

Uncle Vernon clapped Dudley on Uncle Vernon porky shoulder. "See you in a bit, then," Uncle Vernon said, and Uncle Vernon left the kitchen.

Harry, who had been sitting in a kind of horrified trance, had a sudden idea. Abandoning Uncle Vernon toast, Uncle Vernon got quickly to his feet and followed Uncle Vernon to the front door.

Uncle Vernon was pulling on Uncle Vernon car coat.

"I'm not taking you," Uncle Vernon snarled as Uncle Vernon turned to see HARRY watching Uncle Vernon.

"Like I wanted to come," said HARRY coldly. "I want to ask you something."

Uncle Vernon eyed Uncle Vernon suspiciously.

"Third years at Hog  at my school are allowed to visit the village of Hogsmeade sometimes," said HARRY.

"So?" snapped Uncle Vernon, taking Uncle Vernon car keys from a hook next to the front door.

"I need you to sign the permission form," said HARRY in a rush.

"And why should I do that?" sneered Uncle Vernon.

"Well," said HARRY, choosing HARRY words carefully, "it'll be hard work, pretending to "Aunt Marge I go to that St. Whatsits "

"St. Brutus's Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys!" bellowed Uncle Vernon, and HARRY was pleased to hear a definite note of panic in Uncle Vernon voice.

"Exactly," said HARRY, looking calmly up into Uncle Vernon large, purple face. "It's a lot to remember. I'll have to make It sound convincing, won't I? What if I accidentally let something slip?"

"You'll get the stuffing knocked out of you, won't you?" roared Uncle Vernon, advancing on HARRY with HARRY fist raised. But HARRY stood HARRY ground.

"Knocking the stuffing out of HARRY won't make "Aunt Marge forget what I could tell "Aunt Marge," HARRY said grimly.

Uncle Vernon stopped, his fist still raised, Uncle Vernon face an ugly puce.

"But if you sign my permission form," HARRY went on quickly, "I swear I'll remember where I'm supposed to go to school, and I'll act like a Mug  like I'm normal and everything."

HARRY could tell that Uncle Vernon was thinking it over, even if HARRY teeth were bared and a vein was throbbing in HARRY temple.

"Right," HARRY snapped finally. "I shall monitor your behavior carefully during her last visit. If, at the end of it, you've toed the line and kept to the story, I'll sign your ruddy form."

HARRY wheeled around, pulled open the front door, and slammed the front door so hard that one of the little panes of glass at the top fell out.

HARRY didn't return to the kitchen. HARRY went back upstairs to HARRY bedroom. If HARRY was going to act like a real Muggle, HARRY'd better start now. Slowly and sadly HARRY gathered up all HARRY presents and HARRY birthday cards and hid all his presents and his birthday cards under the loose floorboard with HARRY homework. Then HARRY went to Hedwig's cage. Errol seemed to have recovered; Errol and Hedwig were both asleep, heads under he and Hedwig wings. Harry sighed, then poked he and Hedwig both awake.

"Hedwig," HARRY said gloomily, "you're going to have to clear off for a week. Go with Errol. Ron'll look after you. I'll write HARRY a note, explaining. And don't look at HARRY like that"  Hedwig's large amber eyes were reproachful  "it's not my fault. It's the only way I'll be allowed to visit Hogsmeade with Ron and Hermione."

Ten minutes later, Errol Ron soared out of the window and out of sight. HARRY, now feeling thoroughly miserable, put Hedwig's cage away inside the wardrobe.

But HARRY didn't have long to brood. In next to no time, Aunt Petunia was shrieking up the stairs for HARRY to come down and get ready to welcome brood guest.

"Do something about your hair!" Aunt Petunia snapped as Aunt Petunia reached the hall.

HARRY couldn't see the point of trying to make HARRY hair lie flat. "Aunt Marge "Aunt Marge loved criticizing "Aunt Marge, so the untidier "Aunt Marge looked, the happier "Aunt Marge would be.

All too soon, there was a crunch of gravel outside as Uncle Vernon car pulled back into the driveway, then the clunk of the car doors and footsteps on the garden path.

"Get the door!" Aunt Petunia hissed at HARRY.

A feeling of great gloom in Aunt Petunia stomach, HARRY pulled the door open.

On the threshold stood "Aunt Marge. "Aunt Marge was very like Uncle Vernon:

large, beefy, and purple faced, "Aunt Marge even had a mustache, though not as bushy as HARRY. In one hand "Aunt Marge held an enormous suitcase, and tucked under the other was an old and eviltempered bulldog.

"Where's my Dudders?" roared "Aunt Marge. "Where's my neffypoo?"

Dudley came waddling down the hall, "

Dudley blond hair plastered flat to "

Dudley fat head, a bow tie just visible under "

Dudley many chins. "Aunt Marge thrust an enormous suitcase into HARRY's stomach, knocking the wind out of HARRY, seized Dudley in a tight onearmed hug, and planted a large kiss on HARRY cheek.

HARRY knew perfectly well that Dudley only put up with "Aunt Marge's hugs because HARRY was well paid for it, and sure enough, when they broke apart,

Dudley had a crisp twentypound note clutched in Dudley fat fist.

"Petunia!" shouted "Aunt Marge, striding past HARRY as though Dudley was a hat stand. Aunt Marge and Aunt Petunia kissed, or rather, "Aunt Marge bumped "Aunt Marge large jaw against Aunt Petunia's bony cheekbone.

Uncle Vernon now came in, smiling jovially as Uncle Vernon shut the door.

"Tea, "Aunt Marge?" Uncle Vernon said. "And what will Ripper take?"

Ripper Ripper can have some tea out of my saucer," said "Aunt Marge as they all proceeded into the kitchen, leaving HARRY alone in the hall with an enormous suitcase. But HARRY wasn't complaining; any excuse not to be with "Aunt Marge was fine by HARRY, so HARRY began to heave the case upstairs into his bedroom, taking as long as HARRY could.

By the time HARRY got back to the kitchen, "Aunt Marge had been supplied with tea and fruitcake, and Ripper was lapping noisily in the corner.

HARRY saw Aunt Petunia wince slightly as specks of tea and drool flecked Aunt Petunia clean floor. Aunt Petunia hated animals.

"Who's looking after the other dogs, "Aunt Marge?" Uncle Vernon asked.

"Oh, I've got Colonel Fubster managing the other dogs, Marge," boomed "Aunt Marge. "Colonel Fubster's retired now, good for Colonel Fubster to have something to do. But I couldn't leave Ripper. Colonel Fubster pines if Colonel Fubster's away from Colonel Fubster."

Ripper began to growl again as HARRY sat down. This directed "Aunt Marge attention to HARRY for the first time.

"So!" she barked. "Still here, are you?"

"Yes," said HARRY.

"Don't you say yes' in that ungrateful tone," "Aunt Marge "Aunt Marge growled. "It's damn good of Uncle Vernon and Petunia to keep you. Wouldn't have done it Colonel Fubster. You'd have gone straight to an orphanage if you'd been dumped on my doorstep."

HARRY was bursting to say that HARRY'd rather live in an orphanage than with Dursleys, but the thought of the Hogsmeade form stopped HARRY. HARRY forced HARRY face into a painful smile.

"Don't you smirk at Colonel Fubster!" boomed "Aunt Marge. "I can see you haven't improved since I last saw you. I hoped school would knock some manners into you." "Aunt Marge took a large gulp of tea, wiped "Aunt Marge mustache, and said,

"Where is it that you send her mustache, again, Uncle Vernon?"

"St. Brutus's," said Uncle Vernon promptly. "It's a firstrate institution for hopeless cases."

"I see," said "Aunt Marge. "Do they use the cane at St. Brutus's, boy?" "Aunt Marge barked across the table.

"Uncle Vernon Uncle Vernon nodded curtly behind "Aunt Marge's back.

"Yes," said HARRY. Then, feeling HARRY might as well do the thing properly, HARRY added, "all the time."

"Excellent," said "Aunt Marge. "I won't have this nambypamby,

wishywashy nonsense about not hitting people who deserve this nambypamby. A good thrashing is what's needed in ninetynine cases out of a hundred. Have you been beaten often?"

 "Oh, yeah," said HARRY, "loads of times."

"Aunt Marge narrowed "Aunt Marge eyes.

"I still don't like your tone, boy," "Aunt Marge said. "If you can speak of your beatings in that casual way, your beatings clearly aren't hitting you hard enough. Aunt Petunia, I'd write if I were you. Make it clear that you approve the use of extreme force in this boy's case."

Perhaps Uncle Vernon was worried that HARRY might forget their bargain; in any case, HARRY changed the subject abruptly.

"Heard the news this morning, "Aunt Marge? What about that escaped prisoner, eh?"

As "Aunt Marge "Aunt Marge started to make "Aunt Marge at home, HARRY caught HARRY thinking almost longingly of life at number four without "Aunt Marge. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia usually encouraged HARRY to stay out of Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia way, which HARRY was only too happy to do. "Aunt Marge, on the other hand, wanted HARRY under "Aunt Marge eye at all times, so that "Aunt Marge could boom out suggestions for HARRY improvement. "Aunt Marge delighted in comparing HARRY with Dudley, and took huge pleasure in buying Dudley expensive presents while glaring at HARRY, as though daring HARRY to ask why HARRY hadn't got a present too. "Aunt Marge also kept throwing out dark hints about what made HARRY such an unsatisfactory person.

"You mustn't blame yourself for the way the boy's turned out, Uncle Vernon," "Aunt Marge said over lunch on the third day. "If there's something rotten on the inside, there's nothing anyone can do about it."

Harry tried to concentrate on Harry food, but Harry hands shook and Harry face was starting to burn with anger. Remember the form, Harry told Harry Think about Hogsmeade. Don't say anything. Don't rise "Aunt Marge reached for "Aunt Marge glass of wine.

"It's one of the basic rules of breeding," "Aunt Marge said. "You see it all the time with dogs. If there's something wrong with the bitch, there'll be something wrong with the pup "

 At that moment, the wineglass "Aunt Marge was holding exploded in the wineglass Aunt Marge hand. Shards of glass flew in every direction and "Aunt Marge sputtered and blinked, "Aunt Marge great ruddy face dripping.

"Aunt Marge"Aunt Marge!" squealed Aunt Petunia. ""Aunt Marge, are you all right?"

"Not to worry," grunted "Aunt Marge, mopping her great ruddy face with "Aunt Marge napkin.

"Must have squeezed it too hard. Did the same thing at Colonel Fubster's the other day. No need to fuss, Aunt Petunia, I have a very firm grip..."

But Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon were both looking at Harry suspiciously, so Harry decided Harry'd better skip dessert and escape from the table as soon as Harry could.

Outside in the hall, Harry leaned against the wall, breathing deeply the wall had been a long time since Harry'd lost control and made something explode. Harry couldn't afford to let it happen again. The Hogsmeade form wasn't the only thing at stake  if Harry carried on like that, Harry'd be in trouble with the Ministry of Magic.

HARRY was still an underage wizard, and HARRY was forbidden by wizard law to do magic outside school. HARRY record wasn't exactly clean either. Only last summer HARRY'd gotten an official warning that had stated quite clearly that if the Ministry of Magic got wind of any more magic in Privet Drive,

HARRY would face expulsion from Hogwarts.

HARRY heard Dursleys leaving the table and hurried upstairs out of the way.

HARRY got through the next three days by forcing HARRY to think about HARRY Handbook of DoItYourself Broomcare whenever "Aunt Marge "Aunt Marge started on HARRY. This worked quite well, though it seemed to give HARRY a glazed look,

because "Aunt Marge started voicing the opinion that HARRY was mentally subnormal.

At last, at long last, the final evening of "Aunt Marge's stay arrived. Aunt Petunia cooked a fancy dinner and Uncle Vernon uncorked several bottles of wine. several bottles of wine got all the way through the soup and the salmon without a single mention of HARRY's faults; during the lemon meringue pie, Uncle Vernon bored several bottles of wine A with a long talk about Grunnings, Uncle Vernon drillmaking company; then Aunt Petunia made coffee and Uncle Vernon brought out a bottle of brandy.

"Can I tempt you, "Aunt Marge?"

Aunt "Aunt Marge had already had quite a lot of wine. "

Aunt Marge huge face was very red.

"Just a small one, then," "

Aunt Marge chuckled. "A bit more than that... and a bit more... that's the ticket."

Dudley was eating Dudley fourth slice of pie. Aunt Petunia was sipping coffee with Aunt Petunia little finger sticking out. HARRY really wanted to disappear into his bedroom, but HARRY met Uncle Vernon angry little eyes and knew HARRY would have to sit Uncle Vernon's angry little eyes out.

"Aah," said "

Aunt Marge, smacking "

Aunt Marge lips and putting the empty brandy glass back down. "Excellent nosh, Petunia. It's normally just a fryup for me of an evening, with twelve dogs to look after...." "

Aunt Marge burped richly and patted "

Aunt Marge great tweed stomach. "Pardon me. But I do like to see a healthysized boy," "

Aunt Marge went on, winking at Dudley. "You'll be a propersized man, Dudders, like your father. Yes, I'll have a spot more brandy, Uncle Vernon...."

"Now, this one here "

"

Aunt Marge jerked "

Aunt Marge head at Harry, who felt his stomach clench. his Handbook of DoItYourself, his thought quickly.

"This one's got a mean, runty look about his. You get that with dogs. I had Colonel Fubster drown one last year. Ratty little thing it was Weak. Underbred."

HARRY was trying to remember page twelve of HARRY book: A Charm to Cure Reluctant Reversers. "It all comes down to blood, as I was saying the other day.

Bad blood will out. Now, I'm saying nothing against your family,

Petunia" she patted Aunt Petunia's bony hand with she shovellike one "but your sister was a bad egg. They turn up in the best families. Then your sister ran off with a wastrel and here's the result right in front of us."

HARRY was staring at HARRY plate, a funny ringing in HARRY ears. Grasp your broom firmly by the tail, HARRY thought. But HARRY couldn't remember what came next. "Aunt Marge's voice seemed to be boring into HARRY like one of Uncle Vernon's drills.

"This Potter, 5) said "Aunt Marge "Aunt Marge loudly, seizing the brandy bottle and splashing more into "Aunt Marge glass and over the tablecloth, "you never told me what HARRY did?"

Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia were looking extremely tense. Dudley had even looked up from Dudley pie to gape at Dudley parents.

"Dudley  didn't work," said Uncle Vernon, with half a glance at HARRY.

"Unemployed."

"As I expected!" said "Aunt Marge, taking a huge swig of brandy and wiping "Aunt Marge chin on "Aunt Marge sleeve. "A noaccount, goodfornothing, lazy scrounger who "

"A noaccount, goodfornothing, lazy scrounger who "

 was not," said Harry suddenly. The table went very quiet. HARRY was shaking all over. HARRY had never felt so angry in HARRY life.

"MORE BRANDY!" yelled Uncle Vernon, who had gone very white. HARRY emptied the brandy bottle into Aunt Marge's glass. "You, boy," HARRY snarled at HARRY. "Go to bed, go on "

"No, Uncle Vernon," hiccuped "Aunt Marge, holding up a hand, "Aunt Marge tiny bloodshot eyes fixed on HARRY's. "Go on, boy, go on. Proud of your parents, are you? your parents go and get your parents killed in a car crash (drunk, I expect) "

'your parents didn't die in a car crash!" said Harry, who found himself on himself feet.

"your parents died in a car crash, you nasty little liar, and left you to be a burden on your parents decent, hardworking relatives!" screamed "Aunt Marge, swelling with fury. "You are an insolent, ungrateful little "

But "Aunt Marge suddenly stopped speaking. For a moment, it looked as though words had failed "Aunt Marge. "Aunt Marge seemed to be swelling with inexpressible anger  but the swelling didn't stop. "Aunt Marge great red face started to expand, "Aunt Marge tiny eyes bulged, and "Aunt Marge mouth stretched too tightly for speech  next second, several buttons had just burst from "Aunt Marge tweed jacket and pinged off the walls  "Aunt Marge was inflating like a monstrous balloon, "Aunt Marge stomach bursting free of "Aunt Marge tweed waistband, each of "Aunt Marge fingers blowing up like a salami  "MARGE!" yelled Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia together as "Aunt Marge's whole body began to rise off "Aunt Marge chair toward the ceiling. "Aunt Marge was entirely round, now, like a vast life buoy with piggy eyes, and "Aunt Marge hands and feet stuck out weirdly as "Aunt Marge drifted up into the air, making apoplectic popping noises. Ripper came skidding into the room, barking madly.

"NOOOOOOO!"

Uncle Vernon seized one of "Aunt Marge's feet and tried to pull "Aunt Marge down again, but was almost lifted from the floor himself. A second later,

Ripper leapt forward and sank Ripper teeth into "

Uncle Vernon leg.

HARRY tore from the room before anyone could stop HARRY, heading for the cupboard under the stairs. The cupboard door burst magically open as HARRY reached The cupboard door. In seconds, HARRY had heaved HARRY trunk to The cupboard door. HARRY sprinted upstairs and threw HARRY under the bed, wrenching up the loose floorboard, and grabbed the pillowcase full of HARRY books and birthday presents. HARRY wriggled out, seized Hedwig's empty cage, and dashed back downstairs to his trunk, just as Uncle Vernon burst out of the room, HARRY trouser leg in bloody tatters.

"COME BACK IN HERE!" HARRY bellowed. "COME BACK AND PUT HER RIGHT!"

But a reckless rage had come over HARRY. HARRY kicked his trunk open,

pulled out HARRY wand, and pointed his trunk at Uncle Vernon.

"Uncle Vernon deserved his trunk,HARRY HARRY said, breathing very fast. "Uncle Vernon deserved what Uncle Vernon got. You keep away from HARRY."

HARRY fumbled behind HARRY for the latch on The cupboard door.

"I'm going,HARRY HARRY said. "I've had enough."

And in the next moment, HARRY was out in the dark, quiet street, heaving his trunk, Hedwig's cage under HARRY arm.

CHAPTER THREE THE KNIGHT BUS

HARRY was several streets away before HARRY collapsed onto a low wall in Magnolia Crescent, panting from the effort of dragging his trunk. HARRY sat quite still, anger still surging through HARRY, listening to the frantic thumping of HARRY heart.

But after ten minutes alone in the dark street, a new emotion overtook HARRY: panic. Whichever way HARRY looked at it, HARRY had never been in a worse fix. HARRY was stranded, quite alone, in the dark Muggle world, with absolutely nowhere to go. And the worst of it was, HARRY had just done serious magic, which meant that HARRY was almost certainly expelled from Hogwarts. HARRY had broken the Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry so badly, HARRY was surprised Ministry of Magic representatives weren't swooping down on HARRY where HARRY sat.

HARRY shivered and looked up and down Magnolia Crescent.

What, was going to happen to HARRY? Would HARRY be arrested, or would HARRY simply be outlawed from the wizarding world? HARRY thought of Ron and Hermione, and HARRY heart sank even lower. HARRY was sure that, criminal or not, Ron and Hermione would want to help HARRY now, but Ron and Hermione were both abroad, and with Hedwig gone, HARRY had no means of contacting Ron and Hermione.

HARRY didn't have any Muggle money, either. There was a little wizard gold in the money bag at the bottom of his trunk, but the rest of the fortune HARRY parents had left HARRY was stored in a vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank in London. HARRY'd never be able to drag HARRY trunk all the way to London. Unless...

HARRY looked down at HARRY wand, which HARRY was still clutching in HARRY hand. If HARRY was already expelled (HARRY heart was. now thumping painfully fast), a bit more magic couldn't hurt. HARRY had the Invisibility Cloak HARRY had inherited from HARRY father  what if HARRY bewitched the trunk to make the trunk featherlight, tied the trunk to HARRY broomstick, covered HARRY in the Invisibility Cloak he had inherited from his father  , and flew to London? Then HARRY could get the rest of HARRY money out of a vault at Gringotts Wizarding Bank in London and... begin HARRY life as an outcast. It was a horrible prospect, but HARRY couldn't sit on a low wall in Magnolia Crescent forever, or HARRY'd find HARRY trying to explain to Muggle police why HARRY was out in the dead of night with a trunkful of spellbooks and a broomstick.

HARRY opened his trunk again and pushed the contents aside, looking for the Invisibility Cloak he had inherited from his father  but before HARRY had found the Invisibility Cloak he had inherited from his father  , HARRY straightened up suddenly, looking around HARRY once more.

A funny prickling on the back of HARRY neck had made HARRY feel HARRY was being watched, but the street appeared to be deserted, and no lights shone from any of the large square houses.

HARRY bent over his trunk again, but almost immediately stood up once more, his hand clenched on his wand. HARRY had sensed rather than heard it:  someone or something was standing in the narrow gap between the garage and the fence behind HARRY. HARRY squinted at the black alleyway. If only it would move, then HARRY'd know whether it was just a stray cat or  something else.

"Lumos,HARRY HARRY muttered, and a light appeared at the end of his wand, almost dazzling HARRY. HARRY held it high over HARRY head, and the pebbledashed walls of number two suddenly sparkled; the garage door gleamed, and between the pebbledashed walls of number two HARRY saw, quite distinctly, the hulking outline of something very big, with wide, gleaming eyes.

HARRY stepped backward. HARRY legs hit his trunk and HARRY tripped. his wand flew out of his hand as HARRY flung out an arm to break HARRY fall, and HARRY landed, hard, in the gutter  There was a deafening BANG, and HARRY threw up HARRY hands to shield HARRY eyes against a sudden blinding light  With a yell, HARRY rolled back onto the pavement, just in time. A second later, a gigantic pair of wheels and headlights screeched to a halt exactly where HARRY had just been lying. They belonged, as HARRY saw when HARRY raised his head, to a tripledecker, violently purple bus, which had appeared out of thin air. Gold lettering over the windshield spelled The Knight Bus.

For a Split second, HARRY wondered if HARRY had been knocked silly by HARRY fall. Then a conductor in a purple uniform leapt out of The Knight Bus and began to speak loudly to the night.

"Welcome to The Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. just stick out your wand hand, step on board) and we can take you anywhere you want to go. My name is Stan Shunpike, and I will be a conductor in a purple uniform this eve "

a conductor in a purple uniform stopped abruptly. a conductor in a purple uniform had just caught sight of "Harry, who was still sitting on the ground. HARRY snatched up his wand again and scrambled to his feet. Close up, HARRY saw that Stan Shunpike was only a few years older than HARRY was, eighteen or nineteen at most, with large, protruding ears and quite a few pimples.

"What were you doin' down there?" said HARRY, dropping HARRY professional manner.

"Fell over," said HARRY.

"'Choo fall over for?" sniggered Stan.

"I didn't do it on purpose," said HARRY, annoyed. One of the knees in HARRY jeans was torn, and the hand HARRY had thrown out to break HARRY fall was bleeding. HARRY suddenly remembered why HARRY had fallen over and turned around quickly to stare at the alleyway between the garage and fence.

The Knight Bus's headlamps were flooding The Knight Bus with light, and The Knight Bus was empty.

"'Choo lookin' at?" said HARRY.

"There was a big black thing," said HARRY, pointing uncertainly into the gap. "Like a dog... but massive..."

He looked around at Stan, whose mouth was slightly open. With a feeling of unease, HARRY saw HARRY's eyes move to the scar on HARRY's forehead.

"Woss that on your 'ead?" said HARRY abruptly.

"Nothing," said HARRY quickly, flattening HARRY hair over the scar on Harry's forehead. If the Ministry of Magic was looking for HARRY, HARRY didn't want to make it too easy for the Ministry of Magic was looking for him.

"Woss your name?" HARRY persisted.

"Neville Longbottom," said HARRY, saying the first name that came into his head. "So  so this bus," HARRY went on quickly, hoping to distract HARRY, "did you say it goes anywhere?"

"Yep," said HARRY proudly, "anywhere you like, long's it's on land. Can't do nuffink underwater. 'Ere," HARRY said, looking suspicious again, ,You did flag us down, dincha? Stuck out your wand 'and, dincha?"

"Yes," said HARRY quickly. "Listen, how much would it be to get to London?"

"Eleven Sickles," said HARRY, "but for fifteen you get 'or chocolate, and for fifteen you get an 'ot water bottle an' a toofbrush in the color of your choice."

HARRY rummaged once more in his trunk, extracted HARRY money bag, and shoved some gold into HARRY's hand. HARRY and HARRY then lifted his trunk, with Hedwig's cage balanced on top, up the steps of the bus.

There were no seats; instead, half a dozen brass bedsteads stood beside the curtained windows. Candles were burning in brackets beside each bed, illuminating the woodpaneled walls. A tiny wizard in a nightcap at the rear of the bus muttered, "Not now, thanks, I'm pickling some slugs" and rolled over in his sleep.

"You 'ave this one," HARRY whispered, shoving his trunk under the bed right behind the driver, who was sitting in an armchair in front of the steering wheel. "This is our driver, Ernie Prang. This ,is Neville Longbottom, Ern. "

Ernie Prang, an elderly wizard wearing very thick glasses, nodded to HARRY, who nervously flattened his bangs again and sat down on his bed.

"Take 'er away, Ern," said HARRY, sitting down in the armchair next to Ernie's.

There was another tremendous BANG, and the next moment HARRY found HARRY flat on his bed, thrown backward by the speed of The Knight Bus.

Pulling HARRY up, HARRY stared out of the dark window and saw that they were now bowling along a completely different street. HARRY was watching HARRY's stunned face with great enjoyment.

"This is where we was before you flagged we down," HARRY said. "Where are we, Ern? Somewhere in Wales?"

"Ar," said Ernie.

"How come the Muggles don't hear The Knight Bus?" said HARRY.

"Them!" said HARRY contemptuously. "Don' listen properly, do Them? Don look properly either. Never notice nuffink, Them don'."

"Best go wake up Madam Marsh, HARRY," said Ern. "Ern'll be in Abergavenny in a minute."

HARRY passed HARRY's bed and disappeared up a narrow wooden staircase.

HARRY was still looking out of the dark window, feeling increasingly nervous.

Ernie didn't seem to have mastered the use of a steering wheel. The Knight Bus kept mounting the pavement, but The Knight Bus didn't hit anything; lines of lampposts, mailboxes, and trash cans jumped out of The Knight Bus way as The Knight Bus approached and back into position once The Knight Bus had passed.

HARRY came back downstairs, followed by a faintly green witch wrapped in a traveling cloak.

"'Ere you go, Madam Marsh," said HARRY happily as Ern stamped on the brake and the beds slid a foot or so toward the front of The Knight Bus. Madam Marsh clamped a handkerchief to Madam Marsh mouth and tottered down the steps.

HARRY threw Madam Marsh bag out after Madam Marsh and rammed the doors shut; there was another loud BANG, and they were thundering down a narrow country lane, trees leaping out of the way.

HARRY wouldn't have been able to sleep even if HARRY had been traveling on a bus that didn't keep banging loudly and jumping a hundred miles at a time. HARRY stomach churned as HARRY fell back to wondering what was going to happen to HARRY, and whether the Dursleys had managed to get Aunt Marge off the ceiling yet.

HARRY had unfurled a copy of the Daily Prophet and was now reading with HARRY tongue between HARRY teeth. A large photograph of a sunkenfaced man with long, matted hair blinked slowly at HARRY from the front page. HARRY looked strangely familiar.

"HARRY!" HARRY said, forgetting HARRY troubles for a moment. "HARRY was on the Muggle news!"

Stanley turned to the front page and chuckled.

"Sirius Black," HARRY said, nodding. "'Course 'e was on the Muggle news,

Neville, where you been?"

HARRY gave a superior sort of chuckle at the blank look on HARRY's face, removed the front page, and handed the front page to HARRY.

"You oughta read the papers more, Neville."

HARRY held the paper up to the candlelight and read:

BLACK STILL AT LARGE Sirius Black, possibly the most infamous prisoner ever to be held in Azkaban fortress, is still eluding capture, the Ministry of Magic Magic confirmed today.

"We are doing all We can to recapture Black," said the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge, this morning, "and We beg the magical community to remain calm."

Cornelius Fudge has been criticized by some members of the International

Federation of Warlocks for informing the Muggle Prime Minister of the crisis.

"Well, really, I had to, don't you know," said an irritable Cornelius Fudge.

"Black is mad. He's a danger to anyone who crosses He, magic or Muggle.

I have the Prime Minister's assurance that the Prime Minister will not breathe a word of Black's true identity to anyone. And let's face itwho'd believe He if He did?"

While the Muggles have been told that Black is carrying a gun (a kind of metal wand that the Muggles use to kill each other), the magical community lives in fear of a massacre like that of twelve years ago, when Black murdered thirteen people with a single curse.

HARRY looked into the shadowed eyes of Sirius Black, the only part of the sunken face that seemed alive. HARRY had never met a vampire, but HARRY had seen pictures of thirteen people in HARRY Defense Against the Dark Arts classes, and Black, with HARRY waxy white skin, looked just like one.

"Scarylookin' fing, inee?" said Stan, who had been watching HARRY read.

"HARRY murdered thirteen people?" said HARRY, handing the page back to HARRY, "with one curse?"

"Yep," said HARRY, "in front of witnesses an' all. Broad daylight. Big trouble it caused, dinnit, Ern?"

"Ar," said Ern darkly.

HARRY swiveled in HARRY armchair, HARRY hands on the back, the better to look at HARRY.

"Black woz a big supporter of YouKnow'Oo," HARRY said.

"What, Voldemort?" said HARRY, without thinking.

Even HARRY's pimples went white; Ern jerked the steering wheel so hard that a whole farmhouse had to jump aside to avoid the bus.

"You outta your tree?" yelped HARRY. "'Choo say 'is name for?"

"Sorry," said HARRY hastily. "Sorry, I  I forgot "

"Forgot!" said HARRY weakly. "Blimey, my 'eart's goin' that fast ..."

"So  so Black was a supporter of YouKnowWho?" HARRY prompted apologetically.

"Yeah," said HARRY, still rubbing HARRY chest. "Yeah, that's right. Very close to YouKnow'Oo, they say. Anyway, when little 'Arry Potter got the better of YouKnow'Oo "

Harry nervously flattened little 'Arry Potter down again.

" all YouKnow'Oo's supporters was tracked down, wasn't all YouKnow'Oo's supporters, Ern?

Most of all YouKnow'Oo's supporters knew it was all over, wiv YouKnow'Oo gone, and all YouKnow'Oo's supporters came quiet. But BlackBlack. I 'eard little 'Arry Potter thought 'e'd be secondincommand once YouKnow'Oo 'ad taken over.

"Anyway, all YouKnow'Oo's supporters cornered Black in the middle of a street full of the Muggles an' Black took out 'is wand and 'e blasted 'alf the street apart, an' a wizard got it, an' so did a dozen the Muggles what got in the way. 'Orrible,

eh? An' you know what Black did then?" HARRY continued in a dramatic whisper.

"What?" said HARRY.

"Laughed," said HARRY. "Jus' stood there an' laughed. An' when reinforcements from the Ministry of Magic Magic got there, I 'e went wiv 'e quiet as anyfink, still laughing 'is 'ead off. 'Cos 'e's mad, inee, Ern?

Inee mad?"

"If HARRY weren't when HARRY went to Azkaban, HARRY will be now," said Ern in HARRY slow voice. "I'd blow meself up before I set foot in that place. Serves meself right, mind you ... after what meself did...."

"They 'ad a job coverin' it up, din' They, Ern?" HARRY said. "'Ole street blown up an' all them Muggles dead. What was it they said ad 'appened,

Ern?"

"Gas explosion," grunted Ernie.

"An' now 'e's out," said HARRY, examining the newspaper picture of Black's gaunt face again. "Never been a breakout from Azkaban before,

'as there, Ern? Beats me 'ow 'e did it. Frightenin', eh? Mind, I don't fancy 'is chances against them Azkaban guards, eh, Ern?"

Ernie suddenly shivered.

"Talk about summat else, HARRY, there's a good lad. them Azkaban guards give me the collywobbles."

HARRY put the paper away reluctantly, and HARRY leaned against the window of The Knight Bus, feeling worse than ever. HARRY couldn't help imagining what HARRY might be telling HARRY passengers in a few nights' time.

"'Ear about that 'Arry Potter? Blew up 'is aunt! We 'ad 'im 'ere on The Knight Bus, di'n't we, Ern? 'E was tryin' I to run for E...."

He, HARRY, had broken wizard law just like Black. Was inflating Aunt Marge bad enough to land Aunt Marge in Azkaban? HARRY didn't know anything about the wizard prison, though everyone HARRY'd ever heard speak of it did so in the same fearful tone. Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had spent two months there only last year. HARRY wouldn't soon forget the look of terror on Hagrid's face when HARRY had been told where HARRY was going, and Hagrid was one of the bravest people HARRY knew.

The Knight Bus rolled through the darkness, scattering bushes and wastebaskets, telephone booths and trees, and HARRY lay, restless and miserable, on HARRY feather bed. After a while, HARRY remembered that HARRY had paid for hot chocolate, but poured it all over HARRY's pillow when The Knight Bus moved abruptly from Anglesea to Aberdeen. One by one, wizards and witches in dressing gowns and slippers descended from the upper floors to leave The Knight Bus. They all looked very pleased to go.

Finally, HARRY was the only passenger left.

"Right then, Neville," said HARRY, clapping HARRY hands, where abouts in London?"

"Diagon Alley," said HARRY.

"Righto," said HARRY. "'Old tight, then."

BANG.

They were thundering along Charing Cross Road. HARRY sat up and watched buildings and benches squeezing They out of The Knight Bus's way.

The sky was getting a little lighter. HARRY would lie low for a couple of hours, go to Gringotts the. moment Gringotts opened, then set off  where, HARRY didn't know.

Ern slammed on the brakes and The Knight Bus skidded to a halt in front of a small and shabby looking pub, the Leaky Cauldron, behind which lay the magical entrance to Diagon Alley.

"Thanks," HARRY said to Ern.

HARRY jumped down the steps and helped HARRY lower HARRY trunk and Hedwig's cage onto the pavement.

"Well," said HARRY. "'Bye then!"

But HARRY wasn't paying attention. Still standing in the doorway to the bus) HARRY was goggling at the shadowy entrance to the Leaky Cauldron.

"There you are, HARRY," said a voice.

Before HARRY could turn, HARRY felt a hand on HARRY shoulder. At the same time, HARRY shouted, "Blimey! Ern, come 'ere! Come 'ere HARRY HARRY looked up at the owner of a hand on his shoulder and felt a bucketful of ice cascade into HARRY stomach  HARRY had walked right into Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself.

HARRY leapt onto the pavement beside right into Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself.

"What didja call Neville, Minister?" HARRY said excitedly.

Fudge, a portly little man in a long, pinstriped cloak, looked cold and exhausted.

"Neville?" HARRY repeated, frowning. "This is Harry Potter."

"I knew it!" HARRY shouted gleefully. "Ern! Ern! Guess 'oo Neville is,

Ern! 'E's 'Arry Potter! I can see 'is scar!"

"Yes," said Cornelius Fudge testily, "well, I'm very glad The Knight Bus picked HARRY up, but HARRY and I need to step inside the Leaky Cauldron now..."

Fudge increased the pressure on HARRY's shoulder, and HARRY found HARRY being steered inside the pub. A stooping figure bearing a lantern appeared through the door behind the bar. A stooping figure bearing a lantern was Tom, the wizened, toothless landlord.

"You've got him, Minister!" said Tom. "Will you be wanting anything?

Beer? Brandy?"

"Perhaps a pot of tea," said Fudge, who still hadn't let go of HARRY.

There was a loud scraping and puffing from behind them, and HARRY and Ern appeared, carrying HARRY's trunk and Hedwig's cage and looking around excitedly.

"'Ow come you di'n't tell us 'oo you are, eh, Neville?" said HARRY, beaming at HARRY, while Ernie's owlish face peered interestedly over HARRY's shoulder.

"And a private parlor, please, Tom," said Cornelius Fudge pointedly.

`Bye,HARRY HARRY said miserably to Stan and Ern as Tom beckoned Fudge toward the passage that led from the bar.

"'Bye, Neville!" called HARRY.

Cornelius Fudge marched HARRY along the narrow passage after Tom's lantern, and then into a small parlor. Tom clicked Tom fingers, a fire burst into life in the grate, and Tom bowed Tom out of the room.

"Sit down, HARRY," said Fudge, indicating a chair by the fire.

HARRY sat down, feeling goose bumps rising up HARRY arms despite the glow of the fire. Fudge took off his father's Invisibility Cloak and tossed his father's Invisibility Cloak aside, then hitched up the trousers of HARRY bottlegreen suit and sat down opposite HARRY.

"I am Cornelius Fudge, HARRY. The Minister of Magic."

HARRY already knew this, of course; HARRY had seen Fudge once before, but as HARRY had been wearing HARRY father's Invisibility Cloak at the time,

Fudge wasn't to know that.

Tom the innkeeper reappeared, wearing an apron over Tom nightshirt and bearing a tray of tea and crumpets. Tom placed a tray of tea and crumpets on a table between Fudge and HARRY and left a small parlor, closing the door behind Tom.

"Well, HARRY," said Fudge, pouring out tea, "you've had us all in a right flap, I don't mind telling you. Running away from your aunt and uncle's house like that! I'd started to think... but you're safe, and that's what matters."

Fudge buttered Fudge a crumpet and pushed the plate toward HARRY.

"Eat, HARRY, you look dead on your feet. Now then... You will be pleased to hear that we have dealt with the unfortunate blowingup of Miss Marjorie Dursley. Two members of the Accidental Magic Reversal Department were dispatched to Privet Drive a few hours ago. Miss Marjorie Dursley has been punctured and Miss Marjorie Dursley memory has been modified. Miss Marjorie Dursley has no recollection of the incident at all. So that's that, and no harm done."

Fudge smiled at HARRY over the rim of Fudge teacup, rather like an uncle surveying a favorite nephew. Harry, who couldn't believe Fudge ears, opened Fudge mouth to speak, couldn't think of anything to say, and closed his mouth again.

"Ah, you're worrying about the reaction of your aunt and uncle?" said Fudge. "Well, I won't deny that they are extremely angry, HARRY, but they are prepared to take you back next summer as long as you stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays."

HARRY unstuck HARRY throat.

"I always stay at Hogwarts for the Christmas and Easter holidays," HARRY said, "and I don't ever want to go back to Privet Drive."

"Now, now, I'm sure you'll feel differently once you've calmed down," said Fudge in a worried tone. "They are your family, after all, and I'm sure you are fond of each other  er  very deep down."

It didn't occur to HARRY to put Fudge right. HARRY was still waiting to hear what was going to happen to HARRY now.

"So all that remains," said Fudge, now buttering HARRY a second crumpet, "is to decide where you're going to spend the last two weeks of your vacation. I suggest you take a room here at the Leaky Cauldron and "Hang on," blurted HARRY. "What about my punishment?"

Fudge blinked. "Punishment?"

"I broke the law!" HARRY said. "The Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry!"

"Oh, my dear boy, we're not going to punish you for a little thing like that!" cried Fudge, waving HARRY crumpet impatiently. "It was an accident!

we don't send people to Azkaban just for blowing up people aunts!"

But this didn't tally at all with HARRY's past dealings with the Ministry of Magic.

"Last year, I got an official warning just because a houseelf smashed a pudding in my uncle's house!" HARRY told Fudge, frowning. "the Ministry of Magic Magic said I'd be expelled from Hogwarts if there was any more magic there!"

Unless HARRY's eyes were deceiving HARRY, Fudge was suddenly looking awkward.

"Circumstances change, HARRY... We have to take into account... in the present climate... Surely you don't want to be expelled?"

"Of course I don't," said HARRY.

"Well then, what's A the fuss about?" laughed Fudge. "Now, have a crumpet, HARRY, while I go and see if Tom's got a room for you."

Fudge strode out of a small parlor and HARRY stared after HARRY. There was something extremely odd going on. Why had "

Fudge been waiting for HARRY at the Leaky Cauldron, if not to punish HARRY for what HARRY'd done? And now HARRY came to think of it, surely it wasn't usual for The Minister of Magic Magic to get involved in matters of underage magic?

"

Fudge came back, accompanied by Tom the innkeeper.

"Room eleven's free, HARRY," said "

Fudge. "I think you'll be very comfortable. just one thing, and I'm sure you'll understand... I don't want you wandering off into Muggle London, all right? Keep to Diagon Alley. And you're to be back here before dark each night. Sure you'll understand. Tom the innkeeper will be keeping an eye on you for Tom the innkeeper."

"Okay," said HARRY slowly, "but why?"

"Don't want to lose you again, do we?" said "

Fudge with a hearty laugh.

"No, no... best we know where you are.... I mean..."

Fudge cleared "

Fudge throat loudly and picked up his father's Invisibility Cloak.

"Well, I'll be off, plenty to do, you know...

"Have you had any luck with Black yet?" HARRY asked.

Fudge's finger slipped on the silver fastenings of his father's Invisibility Cloak.

"What's that? Oh, you've heard  well, no, not yet, but it's only a matter of time. The Azkaban guards have never yet failed... and The Azkaban guards are angrier than I've ever seen The Azkaban guards."

Fudge shuddered slightly.

"So, I'll say goodbye."

He held out He hand and HARRY, shaking it, had a sudden idea.

"Er  Minister? Can I ask you something?"

"Certainly," said "

Fudge with a smile.

"Well, third years at Hogwarts are allowed to visit Hogsmeade, but my aunt and uncle didn't sign the permission form. D'you think you could ?"

Fudge was looking uncomfortable.

"Ah," D'you said. "No, no, I'm very sorry, HARRY, but as I'm not your parent or guardian "

"But you I re The Minister of Magic," said HARRY eagerly. "If you gave me permission

"No, I'm sorry, HARRY, but rules are rules," said "

Fudge flatly.

'Perhaps You'll be able to visit Hogsmeade next year. In fact, I think it's best if you don't... yes... well, I'll be off Enjoy your stay,

HARRY."

And with a last smile and shake of HARRY's hand, "

Fudge left the room.

Tom now moved forward, beaming at HARRY.

"If you'll follow me, Mr. Potter," Mr. Potter said, "I've already taken your things up..."

HARRY followed Tom up a handsome wooden staircase to a door with a brass number eleven on it, which Tom unlocked and opened for HARRY.

Inside was a very comfortablelooking bed, some highly polished oak furniture, a cheerfully crackling fire and, perched on top of the wardrobe  "Hedwig!" HARRY gasped.

The snowy owl clicked HARRY beak and fluttered down onto HARRY's arm.

"Very smart owl you've got there, chuckled Tom. "Arrived about five minutes after you did. If there's anything you need, Harry Potter, don't hesitate to ask."

Harry Potter gave another bow and left.

HARRY sat on HARRY bed for a long time, absentmindedly stroking Hedwig.

The sky outside the window was changing rapidly from deep, velvety blue to cold, steely gray and then, slowly, to pink shot with gold. HARRY could hardly believe that HARRY'd left Privet Drive only a few hours ago,

that HARRY wasn't expelled, and that HARRY was now facing two completely Dursleyfree weeks.

"It's been a very weird night, Hedwig," HARRY yawned.

And without even removing HARRY glasses, HARRY slumped back onto HARRY pillows and fell asleep.

 CHAPTER FOUR THE LEAKY CAULDRON

THE LEAKY CAULDRON

 took HARRY several days to get used to HARRY strange new freedom. Never before had HARRY been able to get up whenever HARRY wanted or eat whatever HARRY fancied. HARRY could even go wherever HARRY pleased, as long as it was in Diagon Alley, and as this long cobbled street was packed with the most fascinating wizarding shops in the world, HARRY felt no desire to break HARRY word to Fudge and stray back into the Muggle world.

HARRY ate breakfast each morning in the Leaky Cauldron, where HARRY liked watching the other guests: funny little witches from the country, up for a day's shopping; venerablelooking wizards arguing over the latest article in Transfiguration Today; wildlooking warlocks; raucous dwarfs; and once, what looked suspiciously like a hag, who ordered a plate of raw liver from behind a thick woollen balaclava.

After breakfast HARRY would go out into the backyard, take out HARRY wand, tap the third brick from the left above the trash bit,, and stand back as the archway into Diagon Alley opened in the wall.

HARRY spent the long sunny days exploring the shops and eating under the brightly colored umbrellas outside cafes, where HARRY fellow diners were showing one another their purchases ( " it , s a lunascope, old boy  no more messing around with moon charts, see?") or else discussing the case of Sirius Black ("personalty, I won't let any of the children out alone until HARRY's back in Azkaban"). HARRY didn't have to do HARRY homework under the blankets by flashlight anymore; now HARRY could sit in the bright sunshine outside Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor, finishing all HARRY essays with occasional help from Florean Fortescue himself, who, apart from knowing a great deal about medieval witch burnings, gave HARRY free sundaes every half an hour.

Once HARRY had refilled HARRY money bag with gold Galleons, silver Sickles, and bronze Knuts from HARRY vault at Gringotts, HARRY had to exercise a lot of selfcontrol not to spend the whole lot at once. HARRY had to keep reminding HARRY that HARRY had five years to go at Hogwarts, and how it would feel to ask the Dursleys for money for spellbooks, to stop HARRY from buying a handsome set of solid gold Gobstones (a wizarding game rather like marbles, in which the stones squirt a nastysmelling liquid into the other player's face when they lose a point). HARRY was sorely tempted, too, by the perfect, moving model of the galaxy in a large glass ball, which would have meant HARRY never had to take another Astronomy lesson. But the thing that tested HARRY's resolution most appeared in HARRY favorite shop, Quality Quidditch Supplies, a week after HARRY'd arrived at the Leaky Cauldron.

Curious to know what the crowd in his favorite shop was staring at, HARRY edged HARRY way inside and squeezed in among the excited witches and wizards until HARRY glimpsed a newly erected podium, on which was mounted the most magnificent broom HARRY had ever seen in HARRY life.

"Just come out  prototype " a squarejawed wizard was telling HARRY companion.

"It's the fastest broom in the world, isn't It, Dad?" squeaked a boy younger than HARRY, who was swinging off HARRY father's arm.

"Irish International Side's Just put in an order for seven of these beauties!" the proprietor of his favorite shop told the crowd in the shop. "And the crowd in the shop're favorites for the World Cup!"

A large witch in front of HARRY moved, and A large witch in front of Harry was able to read the sign next to BROOM:

** THE FIREBOLT ** THIS STATEOFTHEART PACING BROOM SPORTS A STREAMLINED,

SUPERFINE HANDLE OF ASH, TREATED WITH A DIAMONDHARD POLISH AND HAND NUMBERED WITH A DIAMONDHARD POLISH OWN REGISTRATION NUMBER. EACH INDIVIDUALLY SELECTED BIRCH TWIG IN THE BROOMTAIL HAS BEEN HONED TO AERODYNAMIC PERFECTION, GIVING THE FIREBOLT UNSURPASSABLE BALANCE AND PINPOINT PRECISION.

** THE FIREBOLT HAS AN ACCELERATION OF 150 MILES AN HOUR IN TEN SECONDS AND INCORPORATES AN UNBREAKABLE BRAKING CHARM. PRICE ON REQUEST.

Price on request... HARRY didn't like to think how much gold ** THE FIREBOLT would cost. HARRY had never wanted anything as much in HARRY whole life  but HARRY had never lost a Quidditch match on HARRY Nim bus Two Thousand, and what was the point in emptying HARRY Gringotts vault for ** THE FIREBOLT, when HARRY had a very good broom already? HARRY didn't ask for the price, but HARRY returned, almost every day after that, just to look at ** THE FIREBOLT.

There were, however, things that HARRY needed to buy. HARRY went to the Apothecary to replenish HARRY store of potions ingredients, and as HARRY school robes were now several inches too short in the arm and leg, HARRY visited Madam Malkin's Robes for All Occasions and bought new ones. Most important of all, HARRY had to buy HARRY new schoolbooks, which would include those for HARRY two new subjects, Care of Magical Creatures and Divination.

HARRY got a surprise as HARRY looked in at the bookshop window. Instead of the usual display of gold embossed spellbooks the size of paving slabs, there was a large iron cage behind the glass that held about a hundred copies of The Monster Book of Monsters. Torn pages were flying everywhere as the books grappled with each other, locked together in furious wrestling matches and snapping aggressively.

HARRY pulled HARRY booklist out of HARRY pocket and consulted his booklist for the first time. The Monster Book of Monsters was listed as the required book for Care of Magical Creatures. Now HARRY understood why Hagrid had said Hagrid would come in useful. HARRY felt relieved; HARRY had been wondering whether Hagrid wanted help with some terrifying new pet.

As HARRY entered Flourish and Blotts, HARRY came hurrying toward HARRY.

"Hogwarts?" HARRY said abruptly. "Come to get your new books?"

"Yes," said HARRY, "I need "

"Get out of the way," said HARRY impatiently, brushing HARRY aside. HARRY drew on a pair of very thick gloves, picked up a large, knobbly walking stick, and proceeded toward the door of a large iron cage behind the glass that held about a hundred copies of The Monster Book of Monsters.

"Hang on," said HARRY quickly, "I've already got one of those."

"Have you?" A look of enormous relief spread over HARRY's face.

"Thank heavens for that. I've been bitten five times already this morning "

A loud ripping noise rent the air; two of the Monster Books had seized a third and were pulling the air apart.

"Stop the air! Stop the air!" cried HARRY, poking the walking stick through the bars and knocking the Monster Books apart. "I'm never stocking the Monster Books again, never! It's been bedlam! I thought we'd seen the worst when we bought two hundred copies of the Invisible Book of Invisibility cost a fortune, and we never found two hundred copies of the Invisible Book of Invisibility.... Well... is there anything else I can help you with?"

"Yes," said HARRY, looking down his booklist, "I need Unfogging the

Future by Cassandra Vablatsky."

"Ah, starting Divination, are you?" said HARRY, stripping off HARRY gloves and leading HARRY into the back of the shop, where there was a corner devoted to fortunetelling. A small table was stacked with volumes such as Predicting the Unpredictable: Insulate Yourself Against Shocks and Broken Balls: When Fortunes Turn Foul.

"Here you are,,' said the manager, who had climbed a set of steps to take down a thick, black bound book. "Unfogging the Future. Very good guide to all your basic fortunetelling methods  palmistry, crystal balls, bird entrails.

But HARRY wasn't listening. HARRY eyes had fallen on another book, which was among a display on a small table: Death Omens. What to Do When You Know the Worst Is Coming.

"Oh, I wouldn't read that if I were you," said HARRY lightly, looking to see what HARRY was staring at. "You'll start seeing death omens everywhere. It's enough to frighten anyone to death. "

But HARRY continued to stare at the front cover of The Monster Book of Monsters; The Monster Book of Monsters showed a black dog large as a bear, with gleaming eyes. The Monster Book of Monsters looked oddly familiar...

HARRY pressed Unfogging the Future into HARRY's hands.

"Anything else?" HARRY said.

"Yes," said HARRY, tearing His eyes away from a black dog large as a bear's and dazedly consulting HARRY booklist. "Er  I need Intermediate Transfiguration and The Standard Book of Spells, Grade Three.HARRY HARRY emerged from Flourish and Blotts ten minutes later with HARRY new books under HARRY arms and made HARRY way back to the Leaky Cauldron, hardly noticing where HARRY was going and bumping into several people.

HARRY tramped up the stairs to HARRY room, went inside, and tipped his new books under his arms onto HARRY bed. Somebody had been in to tidy; the windows were open and sun was pouring inside. HARRY could hear the buses rolling by in the unseen Muggle street behind HARRY and the sound of the invisible crowd below in Diagon Alley. HARRY caught sight of HARRY in the mirror over the basin.

"It can't have been a death omen," HARRY told HARRY reflection defiantly. "I was panicking when I saw that thing in Magnolia Crescent.... It was probably just a stray dog...."

HARRY raised HARRY hand automatically and tried to make HARRY hair lie flat "You're fighting a losing battle there, dear," said HARRY mirror in a vvheezy voice.

As the days slipped by, HARRY started looking wherever HARRY went for a sign of Ron or Hermione. Plenty of Hogwarts students were arriving in Diagon Alley now, with the start of term so near. HARRY met Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, HARRY fellow Gryffindors, in Quality Quidditch Supplies, where they too were ogling ** THE FIREBOLT; HARRY also ran into the real Neville Longbottom, a roundfaced, forgetful boy, outside Flourish and Blotts. HARRY didn't stop to chat; Neville appeared to have mislaid his booklist and was being told off by HARRY very formidablelooking grandmother. HARRY hoped HARRY never found out that HARRY'd pretended to be Neville while on the run from the Ministry of Magic.

HARRY woke on the last day of the holidays, thinking that HARRY would at least meet Ron and Hermione tomorrow, on the Hogwarts Express. HARRY got up, dressed, went for a last look at ** THE FIREBOLT, and was just wondering where HARRY'd have lunch, when someone yelled HARRY name and HARRY turned.

"HARRY! HARRY!"

Ron and Hermione were there, Ron and HermioneRon and Hermione, sitting outside Florean Fortescue's Ice Cream Parlor  Ron looking incredibly freckly, Her,,one very brown, Ron and Hermione waving frantically at Ron.

"Finally!" said Ron, grinning at HARRY as Ron sat down. "We went to the Leaky Cauldron, but they said you'd left, and We went to Flourish and Blotts, and Madam Malkin's, and "

"I got all my school stuff last week,HARRY HARRY explained. "And how come You knew I'm staying at the Leaky Cauldron?" "Dad," said Ron simply.

Mr. Weasley, would of course have heard the whole story of what had happened to Aunt Marge.

"Did you really blow up your aunt, HARRY?" said Hermione in a very serious voice.

"I didn't mean to," said HARRY, while Ron roared with laughter. "I just  lost control."

"It's not funny, Ron," said Hermione sharply. "Honestly, I'm HARRY HARRY wasn't expelled."

"So am I," admitted HARRY. "Forget expelled, I thought I was going to be arrested." HARRY looked at Ron. "Your dad doesn't know why Fudge let me off, does Your dad?"

"Probably 'cause it's you, isn't it?" shrugged Ron, still chuckling.

"Famous Harry Potter and all that. I'd hate to see what the Ministry'd do to HARRY if I blew up an aunt. Mind you, the Ministry'd'd have to dig me up first, because Mum would've killed me. Anyway, you can ask Dad Dad this evening. We're staying at the Leaky Cauldron tonight too! So you can come to King's Cross with We tomorrow! Hermione's there as well!"

Hermione nodded, beaming. "Mum and Dad dropped me off this morning with all my Hogwarts things."

"Excellent!" said HARRY happily. "So, have you got all your new books and stuff?"

"Look at this," said Ron, pulling a long thin box out of a bag and opening a long thin box. "Brandnew wand. Fourteen inches, willow, containing one unicorn tailhair. And We've got all We books " Ron pointed at a large bag under Ron chair. "What about those Monster Books, eh? The assistant nearly cried when We said We wanted two."

"What's all that, Hermione?" HARRY asked, pointing at not one but three bulging bags in his chair next to HARRY.

"Well, I'm taking more new subjects than you, aren't I" said Hermione.

"Those are my books for Arithmancy, Care of Magical Creatures, Divination, the Study of Ancient Runes, Muggle Studies "

"What are you doing Muggle Studies for?" said Ron, rolling Ron eyes at HARRY. "You're Muggle born! Your mum and dad are Muggles! You already know all about Muggles!"

"But it'll be fascinating to study Your mum and dad from the wizarding point of view," said Hermione earnestly.

"Are you planning to eat or sleep at all this year, Hermione?" asked HARRY, while Ron sniggered. Hermione ignored Hermione.

"I've still got ten Galleons," Hermione said, checking Hermione purse. "It's my birthday in September, and Mum and Dad gave me some money to get Hermione an early birthday present."

"How about a nice book? said Ron innocently.

"No, I don't think so," said Hermione composedly. "I really want an owl.

I mean, HARRY's got Hedwig and you've got Errol "

"I haven't," said Ron. "Errol "'s a family owl. All I've got is Scabbers."

Ron pulled Ron pet rat out of Ron . "And I want to get Ron checked over," Ron added, placing Scabbers on the table in front of them. "I don't think Egypt agreed with Ron."

Scabbers was looking thinner than usual, and there was a definite droop to Scabbers whiskers.

"There's a magical creature shop just over there," said Harry, who knew Diagon Alley very well by now. "You could see if they've got anything for Scabbers, and Hermione can get Scabbers ,"

So they paid for they ice cream and crossed the street to the Magical Menagerie.

There wasn't much room inside. Every inch of wall was hidden by cages.

Every inch of wall was smelly and very noisy because the occupants Of cages were all squeaking, squawking, jabbering, or hissing. The witch behind the counter was already advising a wizard on the care of doubleended newts, so HARRY, Ron, and Hermione waited, examining cages.

A pair of enormous purple toads sat gulping wetly and feasting on dead blowflies. A gigantic tortoise with a jewelencrusted shell was glittering near the window. Poisonous orange snails were oozing slowly up the side of Poisonous orange snails glass tank, and a fat white rabbit kept changing into a silk top hat and back again with a loud popping noise. Then there were cats of every color, a noisy cage of ravens, a basket of funny custardcolored furballs that were humming loudly, and on the counter, a vast cage of sleek black rats that were playing some sort of skipping game using their long, bald tails.

The doubleended newt wizard left, and Ron approached the counter.

"It's my rat," Ron told The witch behind the counter. "Ron been a bit offcolor ever since I brought Ron back from Egypt."

"Bang Ron on the counter," said The witch behind the counter, pulling a pair of heavy black spectacles out of The witch behind the counter pocket.

Ron lifted Scabbers out of her pocket and placed Ron next to the cage of Ron fellow rats, who stopped their skipping tricks and scuffled to the wire for a better took.

Like nearly everything Ron owned, Scabbers his pet rat was secondhand (Ron had once belonged to Ron's brother Percy) and a bit battered. Next to the glossy rats in the cage, Ron looked especially woebegone.

"Hm," said The witch behind the counter, picking up Scabbers. "How old is his pet rat?"

"Dunno," said Ron. "Quite old. Ron used to belong to Ron's brother Percy."

"What powers does Ron have?" said The witch behind the counter, examining Scabbers closely.

"Er " The truth was that Scabbers had never shown the faintest trace of interesting powers. The witchs eyes moved from Scabbers's tattered

left ear to Ron front paw, which had a toe missing, and tutted loudly.

"Ron's been through the mill, this one," she said.

"Ron was like that when Percy gave Ron to me," said Ron defensively.

"An ordinary common or garden rat like this can't be expected to live longer than three years or so," said The witch behind the counter. "Now, if you were looking for something a bit more hardwearing, you might like one of these "

she indicated the black rats, who promptly started skipping again. Ron muttered, "Showoffs."

"Well, if you Don't want a replacement, you can try this rat tonic,"

said the witch, reaching under the counter and bringing out a small red bottle.

"Okay," said Ron. "How much  OUCH!"

Ron buckled as something huge and orange came soaring from the top of the highest cage, landed on Ron head, and then propelled itself,

spitting madly, at Scabbers.

"NO, CROOKSHANKS, NO!" cried The witch behind the counter, but Scabbers, shot from between her hands like a bar of soap, landed splaylegged on the floor, and then scampered for the door.

"Scabbers!" Ron shouted, racing out of the shop after Ron; HARRY followed.

It took them nearly ten minutes to catch Scabbers, who had taken refuge under a wastepaper bin outside Quality Quidditch Supplies. Ron stuffed the trembling rat back into Ron and straightened up, massaging his head.

"What was that?"

"It was either a very big cat or quite a small tiger," said HARRY.

 "Where's Hermione?"

"Probably getting Errol's a family owl They made They way back up the crowded street to the Magical Menagerie.

As They reached it, Hermione came out, but Hermione wasn't carrying an owl.

Hermione arms were clamped tightly around the enormous ginger cat.

"You bought that monster?" said Ron, Ron mouth hanging open.

"Ron's gorgeous, isn't Ron?" said Hermione, glowing.

That was a matter of opinion, thought HARRY. the enormous ginger cat's ginger fur was thick and fluffy, but The cat's ginger fur was definitely a bit bowlegged and The cat's ginger fur face looked grumpy and oddly squashed, as though The cat's ginger fur had run headlong into a brick wall. Now that Scabbers was out of sight, however, the enormous ginger cat was purring contentedly in Hermione's arms.

"Herinione, that thing nearly scalped me!" said Ron.

"Ron didn't mean to, did you, Crookshanks?" said Hermione.

"And what about Scabbers?" said Ron, pointing at the lump in Ron chest pocket. "Ron needs rest and relaxation! How's Ron going to get it with that thing around?"

"That reminds me, you forgot your rat tonic," said Hermione, slapping the small red bottle into Ron's hand. "And stop worrying, Crookshanks will be sleeping in my dormitory and Scabbers in yours, what's the problem? Crookshanks, The witch behind the counter said The witch behind the counter'd been in there for ages; no one wanted The witch behind the counter."

"Wonder why," said Ron sarcastically as they set off toward the Leaky Cauldron.

they found Mr. Weasley sitting in the bar, reading the Daily Prophet.

"HARRY!" Mr. Weasley said, smiling as Mr. Weasley looked up. "How are you?"

"Fine, thanks," said HARRY as HARRY, Ron, and Hermione joined Mr. Weasley with A their shopping.

Mr. Weasley put down Mr. Weasley paper, and HARRY saw the now familiar picture of Sirius Black staring up at Mr. Weasley.

"They still haven't caught Mr. Weasley, then?" Mr. Weasley asked.

"No," said Mr. Weasley, looking extremely grave. "They've pulled us all off us all regular jobs at the Ministry to try and find Mr. Weasley, but no luck so far."

"Would we get a reward if we caught Mr. Weasley?" asked Ron. "It'd be good to get some more money "

"Don't be ridiculous, Ron," said Mr. Weasley, who on closer inspection looked very strained. "Black's not going to be caught by a thirteenyearold wizard. It's the Azkaban guards who'll get a thirteenyearold wizard back,

You mark my words."

At that moment Mr. Weasley entered the bar, laden with shopping bags and followed by the twins, Fred and George, who were about to start the twins, Fred and George, who were about to start their fifth year at Hogwarts fifth year at Hogwarts; the newly elected Head Boy, Percy; and the Weasleys' youngest child and only girl, Ginny.

Ginny, who had always been very taken with HARRY, seemed even more heartily embarrassed than usual when Mr. Weasley saw HARRY, perhaps because HARRY had saved Mr. Weasley life during Ginny, who had always been very taken with Harry previous year at Hogwarts. Mr. Weasley went very red and muttered "hello" without looking at HARRY. Percy, however, held out Percy hand solemnly as though Percy and HARRY had never met and said, HARRYHARRY.

How nice to see you.

"Hello, Percy," said HARRY, trying not to laugh.

I hope you're well?" said Percy pompously, shaking hands. It was rather like being introduced to the mayor.

"Very well, thanks "

"Harry!" said Fred, elbowing Percy out of the way and bowing deeply.

"Simply splendid to see you, old boy "

 "Marvelous," said George, pushing Fred aside and seizing HARRY's hand in turn. "Absolutely spiffing."

Percy scowled.

"That's enough, now," said Mr. Weasley.

"Mum!" said Fred as though Fred'd only just spotted Mr. Weasley and seizing Mr. Weasley hand too. "How really corking to see you "

"I said, that's enough," said Mr. Weasley, depositing Mr. Weasley shopping in an empty chair. "Hello, HARRY, dear. I suppose you've heard our exciting news?" Mr. Weasley pointed to the brandnew silver badge on Percy's chest.

"Second Head Boy in the family!" Mr. Weasley said, swelling with pride.

"And last," Fred muttered under Fred breath.

I don't doubt that," said Mr. Weasley, frowning suddenly. "I notice they haven't made you two prefects."

"What do our want to be prefects for?" said George, looking revolted at the very idea. "It'd take all the fun out of life."

Ginny giggled.

"Yo u want to set a better example for your sister!" snapped Mr. Weasley.

"Ginny's got other brothers to set Ginny an example, Mother," said Percy loftily. "I'm going up to change for dinner..."

Percy disappeared and George heaved a sigh.

"our tried to shut Percy in a pyramid," Percy told HARRY. "But "Mum spotted our."

Dinner that night was a very enjoyable affair. Tom the innkeeper put three tables together in the parlor, and the seven Weasleys, HARRY, and Hermione ate Harry, and Hermione way through five delicious courses.

 "How're our getting to King's Cross tomorrow, Dad?" asked Fred as Harry, and Hermione dug into a sumptuous chocolate pudding.

"the Ministry's providing a couple of cars," said Mr. Weasley.

our looked up at Mr. Weasley.

"Why?" said Percy curiously.

"It's because of you, Perce," said George seriously. "And there'll be little flags on the hoods, with HB on the hoods"

" for Humongous Bighead," said Fred.

Everyone except Percy and Mr. Weasley snorted into Everyone except Percy and Mrs. Weasley pudding.

"Why are the Ministry providing cars, Father?Percy Percy asked again, in a dignified voice.

"Well, as we haven't got one anymore," said Mr. Weasley,

" and as I work there, Mr. Weasley,

're doing me a favor "

Percy voice was casual, but HARRY couldn't help noticing that Mr. Weasley's ears had gone red, just like Ron's did when Percy was under Pressure.

"Good thing, too," said Mrs. Weasley briskly. "Do you realize how much luggage you've all got between you? A nice sight you'd be on the Muggle Underground.... You are all packed, aren't you?"

"Ron hasn't put all Ron new things in Ron trunk yet," said Percy, in a longsuffering voice. "Ron's dumped them on my bed."

"You'd better go and pack properly, Ron, because we won't have much time in the morning,Mr. Weasley called down the table. Ron scowled at Percy.

After dinner everyone felt very full and sleepy. One by one everyone made

everyone way upstairs to everyone rooms to check everyone things for the next day. Ron and Percy were next door to HARRY. Ron had just closed and locked Ron own trunk when Ron heard angry voices through the wall, and went to see what was going on.

door to Harry was ajar and Percy was shouting.

"It was here, on the bedside table, I took It off for polishing "I haven't touched It, all right?" Ron roared back.

"What's up?" said HARRY.

"My Head Boy badge is gone," said Percy, rounding on HARRY.

"So's Scabbers's rat tonic," said Ron, throwing things out of his own trunk to look. "I think I might've left it in the bar "

"You're not going anywhere till you've found My Head Boy badge!" yelled Percy.

"I'll get Scabbers's stuff, I'm packed," HARRY said to Ron, and Ron went downstairs.

HARRY was halfway along the passage to the bar, which was now very dark,

when HARRY heard another pair of angry voices coming from the parlor. A second later, HARRY recognized them as Mr. and Mrs.

Weasleys'. HARRY hesitated, not wanting them to know HARRY'd heard them arguing, when the sound of HARRY own name made HARRY stop, then move closer to door to Harry.

"makes no sense not to tell HARRY,Mr. Weasley was saying heatedly.

"HARRY's got a right to know. I've tried to tell Fudge, but HARRY insists on treating HARRY like a child. HARRY's thirteen years old and "

"Arthur, the truth would terrify HARRY!" said Mr. Weasley shrilly. "Do you really want to send HARRY back to school with that hanging over HARRY?

For heaven's sake, HARRY's happy not knowing!"

"I don't want to make HARRY miserable, I want to put HARRY on HARRY guard!"

 retorted Mr. Weasley. "You know what HARRY and Ron are like, wandering off by Harry and RonHarry and Ron've ended up in the Forbidden Forest twice! But HARRY mustn't do that this year! When I think what could have happened to HARRY that night HARRY ran away from home! If the Knight Bus hadn't picked HARRY up, I'm prepared to bet HARRY would have been dead before the Ministry found HARRY."

"But HARRY's not dead, HARRY's fine, so what's the point "Molly, they say Sirius Black's mad, and maybe HARRY is, but HARRY was clever enough to escape from Azkaban, and that's supposed to be impossible.

It's been three weeks, and no one's seen hide nor hair of HARRY, and I don't care what Fudge keeps telling the Daily Prophet, we're no nearer catching Sirius Black's than inventing selfspelling wands. The only thing we know for sure is what Sirius Black's's after "But HARRY will be perfectly safe at Hogwarts."

"we thought Azkaban was perfectly safe. If Sirius Black's can break out of Azkaban, Sirius Black's can break into Hogwarts."

"But no one's really sure that Black's after HARRY There was a thud on wood, and HARRY was sure Mr. Weasley had banged Mr. Weasley fist on the table.

"Molly, how many times do I have to tell you? how many times didn't report it in the press because Fudge wanted it kept quiet, but Fudge went out to Azkaban the night Black escaped. The guards told Fudge that Blacks been talking in Mr. Weasley sleep for a while now. Always the same words: 'Mr. Weasley's at Hogwarts... Mr. Weasley's at Hogwarts.' Black is deranged, Molly, and Black wants HARRY dead. If you ask me, Black thinks murdering HARRY will bring YouKnowWho back to pow er. Sirius Black's lost everything the night HARRY stopped You KnowWho, and HARRY's had twelve years alone in Azkaban to brood on that...."

There was a silence. HARRY leaned still closer to the door, desperate to hear more.

"Well, "Arthur, you must do what you think is right. But you're

forgetting Albus Dumbledore. I don't think anything could hurt HARRY at Hogwarts while Dumbledore's headmaster. I suppose HARRY knows about all this?"

"Of course HARRY knows. We had to ask HARRY if HARRY minds The guards stationing The guards around the entrances to the school grounds. HARRY wasn't happy about it, but HARRY agreed."

"Not happy? Why shouldn't HARRY be happy, if The guards're there to catch Sirius Black's?"

"Albus Dumbledore isn't fond of The guards," said Mr. Weasley heavily.

"Nor am 1, if it comes to that... but when you're dealing with a wizard like Black, you sometimes have to join forces with those you'd rather avoid."

"If they save HARRY then I will never say another word against they save Harry,

said Mr. Weasley wearily. "It's late, Molly, we'd better go up...."

HARRY heard chairs move. As quietly as HARRY could, HARRY hurried down the passage to the bar and out of sight. The parlor door opened, and a few seconds later footsteps told HARRY that Mr. and Mr. Weasley were climbing the stairs.

The bottle of rat tonic was lying under the table Mr. and Mrs. Weasley had sat at earlier. HARRY waited until HARRY heard Mr. and Mrs. Weasley's bedroom door close, then headed back upstairs with The bottle of rat tonic.

Fred and George were crouching in the shadows on the landing, heaving with laughter as Fred and George listened to Percy dismantling Percy and Ron's room in search of Percy badge.

"We've got it,Fred Fred whispered to HARRY. "We've been improving it."

his badge now read Bighead Boy.

HARRY forced a laugh, went to give Ron the rat tonic, then shut Ron in Ron room and lay down on Ron bed.

So Sirius Black's was after Ron. This explained everything. Fudge had been lenient with Ron because Ron was so relieved to find Ron alive. Ron'd made

HARRY promise to stay in Diagon Alley where there were plenty of wizards to keep an eye on Ron. And Ron was sending two Ministry cars to take two Ministry cars to the station tomorrow, so that the Weasleys could look after HARRY until HARRY was on the train.

HARRY lay listening to the muffled shouting next door and wondered why HARRY didn't feel more scared. Sirius Black's had murdered thirteen people with one curse; Mr. and Mrs, Mr. Weasley obviously thought HARRY would be panicstricken if HARRY knew the truth. But HARRY happened to agree wholeheartedly with Mr. Weasley that the safest place on earth was wherever Albus Dumbledore happened to be. Didn't people always say that Albus Dumbledore was the only person Lord Voldemort had ever been afraid of?

Surely Black, as Voldemort's righthand man, would be just as frightened of Albus Dumbledore?

And then there were these Azkaban guards everyone kept talking about.

these Azkaban guards everyone kept talking seemed to scare most people senseless, and if these Azkaban guards everyone kept talking were stationed all around the school, Sirius Black's's chances of getting inside seemed very remote.

No, all in all, the thing that bothered HARRY most was the fact that HARRY chances of visiting Hogsmeade now looked like zero. Nobody would want HARRY to leave the safety of the castle until Sirius Black's was caught; in fact,

HARRY suspected HARRY every move would be carefully watched until the danger had passed.

HARRY scowled at the dark ceiling. Did they think HARRY couldn't look after HARRY? HARRY'd escaped Lord Voldemort three times; HARRY wasn't completely useless....

Unbidden, the image of the beast in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent crossed HARRY mind. What to do when you know the worst is coming...

"I'm not going to be murdered," HARRY said out loud.

"That's the spirit, dear," said HARRY mirror sleepily.

 CHAPTER FIVE THE DEMENTOR

Tom woke HARRY the next morning with HARRY usual toothless grin and a cup of tea. HARRY got dressed and was just persuading a disgruntled Hedwig to get back into Hedwig cage when Ron banged HARRY way into his room, pulling a sweatshirt over Ron head and looking irritable.

"The sooner we get on the train, The better," Ron said. "At least I can get away from Percy at Hogwarts. Now Ron's accusing me of dripping tea on Ron photo of Penelope Clearwater. You know," Ron grimaced, "Ron girlfriend. "his girlfriend's hidden "his girlfriend face under the frame because "his girlfriend nose has gone all blotchy..."

"I've got something to tell you,HARRY HARRY began, but they were interrupted by Fred and George, who had looked in to congratulate Ron on infuriating Percy again.

they headed down to breakfast, where Mr. Weasley was reading the front page of the Daily Prophet with a furrowed brow and Mr. Weasley was telling Hermione and Ginny about a love potion Mr. Weasley'd made as a young girl. All three of they were rather giggly.

"What were you saying?" Ron asked HARRY as they sat down.

"Later," HARRY muttered as Percy stormed in.

HARRY had no chance to speak to Ron or Hermione in the chaos of leaving; Ron or Hermione were too busy heaving all Ron or Hermione trunks down the Leaky Cauldron's narrow staircase and piling all their trunks up near the door, with Hedwig and Hermes, Percy's screech owl, perched on top in all their trunks cages. A small wickerwork basket stood beside the heap of trunks, spitting loudly.

"It's all right, Crookshanks," Hermione cooed through the wickerwork.

"I'll let you out on the train."

"You won't," snapped Ron. "What about poor Scabbers, eh?"

Ron pointed at Ron chest, where a large lump indicated that Scabbers was curled up in Ron pocket.

Mr. Weasley, who had been outside waiting for the Ministry cars, stuck

his head inside.

"Mr. Weasley, who had been're here, Ron said. "HARRY, come on."

Mr. Weasley marched HARRY across the short stretch of pavement toward the first of two old fashioned dark green cars, each of which was driven by a furtivelooking wizard wearing a suit of emerald velvet.

"In you get, HARRY," said Mr. Weasley, glancing up and down the crowded street.

HARRY got into the back of the car and was shortly joined by Hermione,

Ron, and, to Ron's disgust, Percy.

The journey to King's Cross was very uneventful compared with HARRY's trip on the Knight Bus. The Ministry of Magic cars seemed almost ordinary. though HARRY noticed that The Ministry of Magic cars could slide through gaps that Uncle Vernon's new company car certainly couldn't have managed. The Ministry of Magic cars reached King's Cross with twenty minutes to spare; the Ministry drivers found the Ministry drivers trolleys, unloaded the Ministry drivers , touched the Ministry drivers hats in salute to Mr. Weasley, and drove away, somehow managing to jump to the head of an unmoving line at the traffic lights.

Mr. Weasley kept close to HARRY's elbow all the way into the station.

"Right then," Mr. Weasley said, glancing around them. "Let's do this in pairs, as there are so many of us. I'll go through first with HARRY."

Mr. Weasley strolled toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten,

pushing HARRY's trolley and apparently very interested in the InterCity 125 that had just arrived at platform nine. With a meaningful look at HARRY, Mr. Weasley leaned casually against the barrier. HARRY imitated Mr. Weasley.

In a moment, they had fallen sideways through the solid metal onto platform nine and three quarters and looked up to see the Hogwarts Express, a scarlet steam engine, puffing smoke over a platform packed with witches and wizards seeing they children onto the train.

Percy and Ginny suddenly appeared behind HARRY. Percy and Ginny were panting and had apparently taken the barrier at a run.

 "Ah, there's Penelope!" said Percy, smoothing Percy hair and going Pink again. Ginny caught HARRY's eye, and they both turned away to hide they both laughter as Percy strode over to a girl with long, curly hair, walking with Percy chest thrown out so that Ginny couldn't miss Percy shiny badge.

stood back to let Percy on. they both leaned out of the window and waved at Mr.

and Mrs. Weasley until the train turned a corner and blocked they both from view.

"I need to talk to you in private,HARRY HARRY muttered to Ron and Hermione as the train picked up speed.

"Go away, Ginny," said Ron.

"Oh, that's nice," said Ginny huffily, and Ginny stalked off.

HARRY, Ron, and Hermione set off down the corridor, looking for an empty compartment, but all were full except for the one at the very end of the train.

This had only one occupant, a man sitting fast asleep next to the window. Harry, Ron, and Hermione Ron, and Hermione checked on the threshold. the Hogwarts Express was usually reserved for students and students had never seen an adult there before, except for the witch who pushed the food cart.

The stranger was wearing an extremely shabby set of wizard's robes that had been darned in several places. The stranger looked ill and exhausted. Though quite young, The stranger was flecked with gray.

"Who d'you reckon The stranger is?" Ron hissed as they sat down and slid the door shut, taking the seats farthest away from the window.

"Professor R. J. Lupin," whispered Hermione at once.

"How d'you know that?"

"It's on his case," she replied, pointing at the luggage rack over the man's head, where there was a small, battered case held together with a large quantity of neatly knotted string. The name Professor R. J. Lupin was stamped across one corner in peeling letters.

 "Wonder what R. J. Lupin teaches?" said Ron, frowning at Professor R. J. Lupin's pallid profile.

"That's obvious," whispered Hermione. "There's only one vacancy, isn't there? Defense Against the Dark Arts."

HARRY, Ron, and Hermione had already had two Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, both of whom had lasted only one year. There were rumors that the job was jinxed.

"well, I hope R. J. Lupin's up to it," said Ron doubtfully. "R. J. Lupin looks like on,

good hex would finish R. J. Lupin off, doesn't R. J. Lupin? Anyway..." R. J. Lupin turned to HARRY. "What were you going to tell us?"

HARRY explained all about Mr. and Mr. Weasley's argument and the warning Mr. Weasley had just given Mr. Weasley. \When Mr. Weasley'd finished, Ron looked thunderstruck, and Hermione had Hermione hands over Hermione mouth. Hermione finally lowered them to say, "Sirius Black escaped to come after them? Oh,HARRYHARRY... you'll have to be really, really careful. don't go looking for trouble, HARRY "

"I Don't go looking for trouble," said HARRY, nettled. "Trouble usually finds me."

"How thick would HARRY have to be, to go looking for a nutter who wants to kill HARRY?" said Ron shakily.

them were taking the news worse than HARRY had expected. Both Ron and Hermione Hermione seemed to be much more frightened of "Sirius Black.

"No one knows how HARRY got out of Azkaban," said Ron uncomfortably. "No one's ever done it before. And HARRY was a topsecurity prisoner too."

"But Ron and Hermione'll catch HARRY, won't Ron and Hermione?" said Hermione earnestly. "I Mean,

Ron and Hermione've got all the Muggles looking out for HARRY too...." "What's that noise?" said Ron suddenly.

A faint, tinny sort of whistle was coming from somewhere. The, looked all around the compartment.

 "It's coming from your trunk, HARRY," said Ron, standing UP and reaching into the luggage rack. A moment later Ron had pulled the Pocket Sneakoscope out from between HARRY's robes. It was spinning very fast in the palm of Ron's hand and glowing brilliantly.

"Is that a Sneakoscope?" said Hermione interestedly, standing up for a better look.

"Yeah... mind you, it's a very cheap one,Ron Ron said. "It went haywire just as I was tying It to Errol's leg to send It to HARRY."

"Were you doing anything untrustworthy at the time?" said Hermione shrewdly.

"No! Well... I wasn't supposed to be using Errol. You know Errol's not really up to long journeys... but how else was I supposed to get HARRY's present to Errol?"

"Stick it back in the trunk," HARRY advised as the Pocket Sneakoscope whistled piercingly, "or it'll wake HARRY up."

HARRY nodded toward Professor R. J. Lupin. Ron stuffed the Pocket Sneakoscope into a particularly horrible pair of Uncle Vernon's old socks, which deadened the sound, then closed the lid of the trunk on the Pocket Sneakoscope.

"We could get the Pocket Sneakoscope checked in Hogsmeade," said Ron, sitting back down.

"They sell that sort of thing in Dervish and Banges, magical instruments and stuff. Fred and George told me."

"Do you know much about Hogsmeade?" asked Hermione keenly. "I've read it's the only entirely nonMuggle settlement in Britain "

"Yeah, I think it is," said Ron in an offhand sort of way.

"But that's not Why I want to go. I just want to get inside Honey Dukes."

"What's that?" said Hermione.

 "It's this sweetshop," said Ron, a dreamy look coming over Ron face,

"where they've got everything... Pepper Imps  they make you smoke at the mouth  and great fat Chocoballs full of strawberry mousse and clotted cream, and really excellent sugar quills, which you can suck in class and just look like you're thinking what to write next "

"But Hogsmeade's a very interesting place, isn't it?" Hermione pressed on eagerly. "In Sites of Historical Sorcery In Sites of Historical Sorcery says the inn was the headquarters for the 1612 goblin rebellion, and the Shrieking Shades supposed to be the most severely haunted building in Britain "

" and massive sherbert balls that make you levitate a few inches off the ground while you're sucking them," said Ron, who was plainly not listening to a word Hermione was saying.

Hermione looked around at HARRY.

"Won't it be nice to get out of school for a bit and explore Hogsmeade?"

"'Spect it will," said HARRY heavily. "You'll have to tell me when You've found out."

"What d'you mean?" said Ron.

"I can't go. The Dursleys didn't sign my permission form, and Fudge wouldn't either."

Ron looked horrified.

""You're not allowed to come? But  no way  McGonagall or someone will give you permission  " musclely; Crabbe was taller, with a puddingbowl haircut and a very thick neck; Goyle had short, bristly hair and long, gorillaish arms.

"Well, look who it is," said Malfoy in Malfoy usual lazy drawl, pulling open the compartment door. "Potty and the Weasel."

Crabbe and Goyle chuckled trollishly.

"I heard your father finally got your father hands on some gold this summer,

 Weasley," said Malfoy. "Did your mother die of shock?"

Ron stood up so quickly Ron knocked Crookshanks's basket to the floor.

Professor R. J. Lupin gave a snort.

"Who's that?" said Malfoy, taking an automatic step backward as Malfoy spotted Professor R. J. Lupin.

"New teacher," said Harry, who got to New teacher feet, too, in case New teacher needed to hold Ron back. "What were you saying, Malfoy?"

Malfoy's pale eyes narrowed; New teacher wasn't fool enough to pick a fight right under a teacher's nose.

"C'mon," New teacher muttered resentfully to Crabbe and Goyle, and Crabbe and Goyle disappeared.

HARRY and Ron sat down again, Ron massaging Ron knuckles.

"I'm not going to take any crap from Malfoy this year," Ron said angrily.

"I mean it. If Ron makes one more crack about my family, I'm going to get hold of Ron head and "

Ron made a violent gesture in midair.

"Ron," hissed Hermione, pointing at Professor R. J. Lupin, "be careful..."

But Professor R. J. Lupin was still fast asleep.

The rain thickened as the train sped yet farther north; the windows were now a solid, shimmering gray, which graduily darkened until lanterns flickered into life all along the corridors and over the luggage racks.

the train rattled, The rain hammered, the ind roared, but still,

Professor R. J. Lupin slept.

"We must be nearly there," said Ron, leaning forward to look past Professor R. J. Lupin at the now completely black window.

The words had hardly left Professor R. J. Lupin when the train started to slow down.

 "Great," said Ron, getting up and walking carefully past Professor R. J. Lupin Professor R. J. Lupin to try and see outside. "I'm starving. I want to get to the feast....

"We can't be there yet," said Hermione, checking her watch.

"So why're We stopping?"

the train was getting slower and slower. As the noise of the pistons fell away, the wind and rain sounded louder than ever against the windows.

Harry, who was nearest the door, got up to look into the corridor. All along the carriage, heads were sticking curiously out of Harry, who was nearest the door compartments.

the train came to a stop with a jolt, and distant thuds and bangs told them that luggage had fallen out of the racks. Then, without warning,

all the lamps went out and all the lamps were plunged into total darkness.

"'What's going on?" said Ron's voice from behind HARRY.

"Ouch!" gasped Hermione. "Ron, that was my foot!"

HARRY felt HARRY way back to HARRY seat.

"D'you think we've broken down?"

"Dunno..."

There was a squeaking sound, and HARRY saw the dim black outline of Ron and Hermionewiping a patch clean on the window and peering out.

"There's something moving out there," Ron said. "I think people are coming aboard...."

the compartment door suddenly opened and someone fell painfully over HARRY's legs.

"Sorry  d'you know what's going on?  Ouch  sorry

"Hullo, Neville," said HARRY, feeling around in the dark and pulling Neville up by HARRY cloak.

"HARRY? Is that you? What's happening?"

"No idea  sit down "

There was a loud hissing and a yelp of pain; Neville had tried to sit on Crookshanks.

"I'm going to go and ask the driver what's going on," came Hermione's voice. HARRY felt HARRY pass HARRY, heard the compartment door slide open again, and then a thud and two loud squeals of pain.

"Who's that?"

"Who's that?"

"Ginny?"

"Hermione?"

"What are you doing?"

"I was looking for Ron " "Come in and sit down "

"Not here!" said HARRY hurriedly. "I'm here!"

"Ouch!" said Neville.

"Quiet!" said a hoarse voice suddenly.

Professor R. J. Lupin appeared to have woken up at last. HARRY could hear movements in HARRY corner.

None of them spoke.

There was a soft, crackling noise, and a shivering light filled the compartment. Professor R. J. Lupin Professor R. J. Lupin appeared to be holding a handful of flames.

They illuminated Professor R. J. Lupin tired, gray face, but Professor R. J. Lupin eyes looked alert and

wary.

"Stay where you are," Professor R. J. Lupin said in the same hoarse voice, and Professor R. J. Lupin got slowly to his feet with Professor R. J. Lupin handful of fire held out in front of Professor R. J. Lupin.

But the compartment door slid slowly open before Professor R. J. Lupin could reach the compartment door.

Standing in the doorway, illuminated by the shivering flames in Professor R. J. Lupin's hand, was a cloaked figure that towered to the ceiling. a cloaked figure that towered to the ceiling face was completely hidden beneath a cloaked figure that towered to the ceiling hood. HARRY's eyes darted downward, and what HARRY saw made HARRY stomach contract. There was a hand protruding from his cloak and a hand protruding from the cloak was glistening, grayish, slimylooking, and scabbed,

like something dead that had decayed in water...

But a hand protruding from the cloak was visible only for a split second. As though the creature beneath his cloak sensed HARRY's gaze, a hand protruding from the cloak was suddenly withdrawn into the folds of a hand protruding from the cloak black cloak.

And then the thing beneath its hood, whatever it was, drew a long, slow,

rattling breath, as though it were trying to suck something more than air from it surroundings.

An intense cold swept over them all. HARRY felt HARRY own breath catch in HARRY chest. An intense cold went deeper than HARRY skin. An intense cold was inside his chest,

An intense cold was inside HARRY very heart....

Harry's eyes rolled up into his head. HARRY couldn't see. HARRY was drowning in cold. There was a rushing in HARRY ears as though of water. HARRY was being dragged downward, the roaring growing louder. .

And then, from far away, HARRY heard screaming, terrible, terrified,

pleading screams. HARRY wanted to help whoever it was, HARRY tried to move HARRY arms, but couldn't... a thick white fog was swirling around HARRY, inside HARRY  "HARRY! HARRY! Are you all right?"

HARRY was slapping HARRY face.

"W  what?"

 HARRY opened his eyes; there were lanterns above HARRY, and the floor was shaking  the Hogwarts Express was moving again and the lights had come back on. HARRY seemed to have slid out of his seat onto the floor. Ron and Hermione were kneeling next to HARRY, and above Ron and Hermione HARRY could see Neville and Professor R. J. Lupin watching. HARRY felt very sick; when HARRY put up HARRY hand to push HARRY glasses back on, HARRY felt cold sweat on his face.

Ron and Hermione heaved HARRY back onto his seat.

"Are you okay?" Ron asked nervously.

"Yeah," said HARRY, looking quickly toward the compartment door. The hooded creature had vanished. "What happened? Where's that  that thing? Who screamed?"

"No one screamed," said Ron, more nervously still.

HARRY looked around the bright compartment. Ginny and Neville looked back at HARRY, both very pale.

"But I heard screaming "

A loud snap made them all jump. Professor R. J. Lupin was breaking an enormous slab of chocolate into pieces.

"Here," Professor R. J. Lupin said to HARRY, handing HARRY a particularly large piece. "Eat a particularly large piece. a particularly large piece'll help."

HARRY took the chocolate but didn't eat the chocolate.

"What was that thing?" HARRY asked Professor R. J. Lupin.

"A dementor," said Lupin, who was now giving chocolate to everyone else.

"One of the dementors of Azkaban."

Everyone stared at the dementors of Azkaban. Professor R. J. Lupin crumpled up the empty chocolate wrapper and put the empty chocolate wrapper in Professor R. J. Lupin pocket.

"Eat," Professor R. J. Lupin repeated. "It'll help. I need to speak to the driver, excuse me...

 Professor R. J. Lupin strolled past HARRY and disappeared into the corridor.

"Are you sure you're okay, HARRY?" said Hermione, watching HARRY anxiously.

"I Don't get it.... What happened?" said HARRY, wiping more sweat off HARRY face.

"Well  that thing  the dementor  stood there and looked around (I mean, I think the dementor   did, I couldn't see the dementor   face)  and you  you "I thought you were having a fit or something," said Ron, who still looked scared. "You went sort of rigid and fell out of your seat and started twitching  11 "And Professor R. J. Lupin Professor R. J. Lupin stepped over you, and walked toward the dementor,

and pulled out Professor R. J. Lupin wand," said Hermione, "and Professor R. J. Lupin said, 'None of us is hiding Sirius Black under us cloaks. Go.' But the dementor   didn't move,

so Professor R. J. Lupin muttered something, and a silvery thing shot out of his wand at his wand, and his wand turned around and sort of glided away.... "

"It was horrible," said Neville, in a higher voice than usual. "Did YOU feel how cold his wand got when his wand came in?"

I felt weird," said Ron, shifting Ron shoulders uncomfortably. "Like I'd never be cheerful again...."

Ginny, who was huddled in her corner looking nearly as bad as HARRY felt, gave a small sob; Hermione went over and put a comforting arm around her.

"But didn't any of you  fall off your seats?" said HARRY awkwardly.

"No," said Ron, looking anxiously at HARRY again. "Ginny was shaking like mad, though...."

HARRY didn't understand. "

Harry felt weak and shivery, as though "

Harry were recovering from a bad bout of flu; "

Harry also felt the beginnings of shame.

Why had "

Harry gone to pieces like that, when no one else had?

 Professor R. J. Lupin had come back. Professor R. J. Lupin paused as Professor R. J. Lupin entered, looked around,

and said, with a small smile, "I haven't poisoned that chocolate, you know...."

Harry took a bite and to Professor R. J. Lupin great surprise felt warmth spread suddenly to the tips of Professor R. J. Lupin fingers and toes.

"We'll be at Hogwarts in ten minutes," said Professor R. J. Lupin. "Are you all right, HARRY?"

Harry didn't ask how Professor R. J. Lupin Professor R. J. Lupin knew Professor R. J. Lupin name.

"Fine," Professor R. J. Lupin muttered, embarrassed.

They didn't talk much during the remainder of the journey. At long last,

the train stopped at Hogsmeade station, and there was a great scramble to get outside; owls hooted, cats meowed, and Neville's pet toad croaked loudly from under Professor R. J. Lupin hat. It was freezing on the tiny platform; rain was driving down in icy sheets.

"Firs' years this way!" called a familiar voice. HARRY, Ron, and Hermione turned and saw the gigantic outline of Hagrid at the other end of the platform, beckoning the terrifiedlooking new students forward for the terrifiedlooking new students traditional journey across the lake.

"All right, you three?" Hagrid yelled over the heads of the crowd. the terrifiedlooking new students waved at Hagrid, but had no chance to speak to Hagrid because the mass of people around them was shunting them away along the platform. HARRY,

Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the school along the platform and out onto a rough mud track, where at least a hundred stagecoaches awaited the remaining students, each pulled, HARRY could only assume, by an invisible horse, because when Harry,

Ron, and Hermione climbed inside and shut the door,

the coach set off all by itself, bumping and swaying in procession.

the coach smelled faintly of mold and straw. HARRY felt better since the chocolate, but still weak. Ron and Hermione kept looking at HARRY sideways, as though frightened HARRY might collapse again.

As the carriage trundled toward a pair of magnificent wrought iron

gates, flanked with stone columns topped with winged boars,

HARRY saw two more towering, hooded dementors, standing guard on either side. A wave of cold sickness threatened to engulf HARRY again; HARRY leaned back into the lumpy seat and closed his eyes until Ron and Hermione had passed the gates. the carriage picked up speed on the long, sloping drive up to the castle; Hermione was leaning out of the tiny window, watching the many turrets and towers draw nearer. At last, the carriage swayed to a halt,

and Hermione and Ron got out.

As HARRY stepped down, a drawling, delighted voice sounded in HARRY ear.

"You fainted, Potter? Is Longbottorn telling the truth? You actualy fainted?"

Malfoy elbowed past Hermione to block HARRY's way up the stone steps to the castle, HARRY face gleeful and HARRY pale eyes glinting maliciously.

"Shove off, "

Malfoy," said Ron, whose jaw was clenched.

"Did you faint as well, Weasley?" said "

Malfoy loudly. "Did the scary old dementor frighten you too, Weasley?"

"Is there a problem?" said a mild voice. Professor R. J. Lupin had just gotten out of the carriage.

"

Malfoy gave Professor R. J. Lupin an insolent stare, which took in the patches on Professor R. J. Lupin robes and the delapidated suitcase. With a tiny hint of sarcasm in Professor R. J. Lupin voice, Professor R. J. Lupin said, "Oh, no  er  Professor," then Professor R. J. Lupin smirked at Crabbe and Goyle and led Crabbe and Goyle up the stone steps to the castle into the castle.

Hermione prodded Ron in the back to make Ron hurry, and the three of Crabbe and Goyle joined the crowd swarming up the stone steps to the castle, through the giant oak front doors, into the cavernous entrance hall, which was lit with flaming torches, and housed a magnificent marble staircase that led to the upper floors.

The door into the Great Hall stood open at the right; HARRY followed the crowd toward The door into the Great Hall, but had barely glimpsed the enchanted ceiling, which was black and cloudy tonight, when a voice called, "Potter! Granger! I want to see you both!"

 Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned around, surprised. Professor McGonagall,

Transfiguration teacher and head of Gryffindor House, was calling over the heads of the crowdthe crowd. She was a sternlooking witch who wore She hair in a tight bun; She sharp eyes were framed with square spectacles. HARRY fought HARRY way over to She with a feeling of foreboding: Professor McGonagall had a way of making Professor McGonagall feel Professor McGonagall must have done something wrong.

"There's no need to look so worried  I just want a word in MY office,"

She told them. "Move along there, Weasley."

Ron stared as Professor McGonagall ushered Harry, Ron, and Hermione away from the crowd; Harry, Ron, and Hermione accompanied She across the Great Hall, up the marble staircase, and along a corridor.

Once Harry, Ron, and Hermione were in She office, a small room with a large, welcoming fire,

Professor McGonagall motioned Harry, Ron, and Hermione to sit down. She settled She behind She desk and said abruptly, Professor R. J. Lupin sent an owl ahead to say that you were taken ill on the train, Potter."

Before HARRY could reply, there was a soft knock on the door and Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, came bustling in.

HARRY felt HARRY going red in the face. It was bad enough that HARRY'd passed out, or whatever HARRY had done, without everyone making all this fuss.

"I'm fine," HARRY said, "I don't need anything "Oh, it's you, is it?" said Madam Pomfrey, ignoring this and bending down to stare closely at Madam Pomfrey. "I suppose you've been doing something dangerous again?"

"It was a dementor, Poppy," said Professor McGonagall.

They exchanged a dark look, and Madam Pomfrey clucked disapprovingly.

"Setting dementors around a school, Madam Pomfrey muttered, pushing back HARRY's hair and feeling HARRY forehead. "HARRY won't be the last one who collapses.

 Yes, HARRY's all clammy. Terrible things, they are, and the effect they have on people who are already delicate "I'm not delicate!" said HARRY crossly.

"Of course you're not," said Madam Pomfrey absentmindedly, now taking Madam Pomfrey pulse.

"What does Madam Pomfrey need?" said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall crisply. "Bed rest?

Should Madam Pomfrey perhaps spend tonight in the hospital wing?"

"I'm fine!" said HARRY, jumping up. The thought of what Draco Malfoy would say if Draco Malfoy had to go to the hospital wing was torture.

"Well, Madam Pomfrey should have some chocolate, at the very least," said Madam Pomfrey, who was now trying to peer into HARRY's eyes.

"I've already had some," said HARRY. "Professor R. J. Lupin gave me some. Professor R. J. Lupin gave it to all of us."

"Did Professor R. J. Lupin, now?" said Madam Pomfrey approvingly. "So us've finally got a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who knows Professor R. J. Lupin remedies?"

"Are you sure you feel all right, Potter?" Professor McGonagall said sharply.

"Yes, "said HARRY.

"Very well. Kindly wait outside while I have a quick word with Miss Granger about Miss Granger course schedule, then us can go down to the feast together."

HARRY went back into the corridor with Madam Pomfrey, who left for the hospital wing, muttering to HARRY HARRY had to wait only a few minutes; then Hermione emerged looking very happy about something, followed by Professor McGonagall, and the three of them made them way back down the marble staircase to the Great Hall.

It was a sea of pointed black hats; each of the long House tables was lined with students, students faces glimmering by the light of thousands of

candles, which were floating over the tables in midair. Professor Flitwick, who was a tiny little wizard with a shock of white hair, was carrying an ancient hat and a threelegged stool out of the Great Hall.

"Oh," said Hermione softly, "we've missed the Sorting!"

New students at Hogwarts were sorted into Houses by trying on an ancient hat and a threelegged stoolNew students at Hogwarts . Professor McGonagall strode off toward Professor McGonagall empty seat at the staff table, and Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off in the other direction, as quietly as possible, toward the Gryffindor table. People looked around at People as People passed along the back of the Great Hall, and a few of People pointed at HARRY. Had the story of HARRY collapsing in front of the dementor traveled that fast?

Ron and Hermione sat down on either side of Ron, who had saved Ron and Hermione seats.

"What was all that about?" HARRY muttered to HARRY.

HARRY started to explain in a whisper, but at that moment the headmaster stood up to speak, and the headmaster broke off.

Professor Dumbledore, though very old, always gave an impression of great energy. Professor Dumbledore had several feet of long silver hair and beard,

halfmoon spectacles, and an extremely crooked nose. Professor Dumbledore was often described as the greatest wizard of the age, but that wasn't why HARRY respected Professor Dumbledore. You couldn't help trusting Professor Dumbledore, and as HARRY watched HARRY beaming around at the students, HARRY felt really calm for the first time since the dementor had entered the train compartment.

"Welcome!" said Professor Dumbledore, the candlelight shimmering on HARRY beard.

"Welcome to another year at Hogwarts! I have a few things to say to you all, and as one of them is very serious, I think it best to get it out of the way before you become befuddled by our excellent feast...."

Professor Dumbledore cleared Professor Dumbledore throat and continued, "As you will all be aware after their search of the Hogwarts Express, our school is presently playing host to some of the dementors of Azkaban, who are here on Ministry of Magic business."

 HARRY paused, and HARRY remembered what Weasley had said about Professor Dumbledore not being happy with the dementors guarding our school.

"They are stationed at every entrance to the grounds,Professor Dumbledore continued, "and while They are with our, I must make it plain that nobody is to leave school without permission. Dementors are not to be fooled by tricks or disguises  or even Invisibility Cloaks," Dementors added blandly,

and HARRY and Ron glanced at each other. "It is not in the nature of a dementor to understand pleading or excuses. I therefore warn each and every one of you to give each and every one of you no reason to harm you. I look to the prefects, and our new Head Boy and Girl, to make sure that no student runs afoul of the dementors," no student said.

Percy, who was sitting a few seats down from HARRY, puffed out HARRY chest again and stared around impressively. Professor Dumbledore paused again; Professor Dumbledore looked very seriously around the Great Hall, and nobody moved or made a sound.

"On a happier note," Professor Dumbledore continued, I am pleased to welcome two new teachers to our ranks this year.

"First, Professor Lupin, who has kindly consented to fill the post of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher."

There was some scattered, rather unenthusiastic applause. Only those who had been in the compartment on the train with Professor R. J. Lupin clapped hard, HARRYOnly those who had been in the compartment on the train with Professor Lupin. Professor R. J. Lupin looked particularly shabby next to all the other teachers in their best robes.

"Look at Snape!" Ron hissed in HARRY's ear.

Professor Snape, the Potions master, was staring along the staff table at Professor R. J. Lupin. It was common knowledge that Snape ,anted the Defense Against the Dark Arts job, but even Harry, who hated Snape, was startled at the expression twisting his thin, sallow face. it was beyond anger: it was loathing. HARRY knew that expression only too well; it was the look Snape wore every time Snape set eyes on HARRY.

"As to our second new appointment," Professor Dumbledore continued as the lukewarm applause for Professor R. J. Lupin Professor R. J. Lupin died away. "Well, I am sorry to tell you

that Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher,

retired at the end of last year in order to enjoy more time with Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher,

 remaining limbs. However, I am delighted to say that Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher,

 place will be filled by none other than Rubeus Hagrid, who has agreed to take on this teaching job in addition to Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher,

 gamekeeping duties."

Harry, Ron, and Hermione stared at one another, stunned. Then "

Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined in with the applause, which was tumultuous at the Gryffindor table in particular. HARRY leaned forward to see Hagrid, who was rubyred in the face and staring down at HARRY enormous hands, HARRY wide grin hidden in the tangle of HARRY black beard.

"our should've known!" Ron roared, pounding the table. "Who else would have assigned our a biting book?"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione were the last to stop clapping, and as Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore started speaking again, "

Harry, Ron, and Hermione saw that Hagrid was wiping Hagrid eyes on the tablecloth.

"Well, I think that's everything of importance," said Professor Dumbledore. "Let the feast begin!"

The golden plates and goblets before them filled suddenly with food and drink. HARRY, suddenly ravenous, helped HARRY to everything HARRY could reach and began to eat.

It was a delicious feast; the Great Hall echoed with talk, laughter, and the clatter of knives and forks. HARRY, Ron, and Hermione, however, were eager for it to finish so that Harry, Ron, and Hermione could talk to Hagrid. Harry, Ron, and Hermione knew how much being made a teacher would mean to a teacher. Hagrid wasn't a fully qualified wizard; Hagrid had been expelled from Hogwarts in Hagrid third year for a crime Hagrid had not committed. It had been HARRY, Ron, and Hermione who had cleared Hagrid's name last year.

At long last, when the last morsels of pumpkin tart had melted from the golden platters, Professor Dumbledore gave the word that it was time for them all to go to bed, and them all got them all chance.

"Congratulations, Hagrid!" Hermione squealed as them all reached the teachers' table.

 "All down ter you three," said Hagrid, wiping Hagrid shining face on Hagrid napkin as Hagrid looked up at them., "Can' believe it... great man,

Dumbledore... came straight down to me hut after Professor Kettleburn said Professor Kettleburn'd had enough.... It's what I always wanted. "

Overcome with emotion, Professor Kettleburn buried Professor Kettleburn in Professor Kettleburn , and Professor McGonagall shooed them away.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione joined the Gryffindors streaming up the marble staircase and, very tired now, along more corridors, UP more and more stairs, to the hidden entrance to Gryffindor Tower's large portrait of a fat lady in a pink dress asked them, "Password?"

"Coming through, coming through!" Percy called from behind them.

"The new password's 'Fortuna Major'!"

"Oh no," said Neville Longbottom sadly. Neville Longbottom always had trouble remembering the passwords.

Through the portrait hole and across the common room, the girls and boys divided toward the girls and boys separate staircases. HARRY climbed the spiral stair with no thought in HARRY head except how glad HARRY was to be back. the girls and boys reached the girls and boys familiar, circular dormitory with how glad he was to be back five fourposter beds, and HARRY, looking around, felt HARRY was home at last.

 CHAPTER SIX TALONS AND TEA LEAVES

When HARRY, Ron, and Hermione entered the Great Hall for breakfast the next day, the first thing Harry, Ron, and Hermione saw was Draco Malfoy, who seemed to be entertaining a large group of Slytherins with a very funny story. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione passed, Malfoy did a ridiculous impression of a swooning fit and there was a roar of laughter.

"Ignore Malfoy," said Hermione, who was right behind HARRY. "Just ignore Malfoy, it's not worth it...."

"Hey, Potter!" shrieked Pansy Parkinson, a Slytherin girl with a face

like a pug. "Potter! The dementors are coming, Potter! Woooooooooo!"

HARRY dropped into a seat at the Gryffindor table, next to Weasley.

"New thirdyear course schedules," said George, passing then, over.

"What's up with you, HARRY?"

Malfoy," said Ron, sitting down on George's other side and glaring over at the Slytherin table.

George looked up in time to see Malfoy pretending to faint with terror again.

"That little git," George said calmly. "George wasn't so cocky last night when The dementors were down at our end of the train. Came runing into our compartment, didn't George, Fred?"

"Nearly wet George," said Fred, with a contemptuous glance at Malfoy.

"I wasn't too happy Fred," said George. "They're horrible things,

those dementors...."

"Sort of freeze your insides, don't They?" said Fred.

"You didn't pass out, though, did you?" said HARRY in a low voice.

"Forget it, HARRY," said George bracingly. "Dad had to go out to Azkaban one time, remember, Fred? And Dad said it was the worst place Dad'd ever been, Dad came back all weak and shaking.... all suck the happiness out of a place, dementors. Most of the prisoners go mad in there."

"Anyway, we'll see how happy Malfoy looks after we first Quidditch match," said Fred. "Gryffindor versus Slytherin, first game of the season, remember?"

The only time HARRY and Malfoy had faced each other in a Quidditch match, Malfoy had definitely come off worse. Feeling slightly more cheerful, HARRY helped HARRY to sausages and fried tomatoes.

 Hermione was examining Hermione new schedule.

" Ooh, good, we're starting some new subjects today," Hermione said happily.

villains are these, that trespass upon my private lands! Come I. scorn at my fall, perchance? Draw, you knaves, you dogs!"

They watched in astonishment as the little knight tugged the little knight sword out of the little knight scabbard and began brandishing the little knight violently, hopping up and down in rage. But his sword was too long for the little knight; a particularly wild swing made the little knight overbalance, and the little knight landed facedown in the grass.

"Are you all right?" said HARRY, moving closer to the picture.

"Get back, you scurvy braggart! Back, you rogue!"

the little knight seized his sword again and used his sword to push the little knight back up,

but the blade sank deeply into the grass and, though the little knight pulled with all the little knight might, the little knight couldn't get his sword out again. Finally, the little knight had to flop back down onto the grass and push up the little knight visor to mop the little knight sweating face.

"Listen," said HARRY, taking advantage of the little knight's exhaustion,

"we're looking for the North Tower. You don't know the way, do you?"

"A quest!" the little knight's rage seemed to vanish instantly. the little knight clanked to the little knight feet and shouted, "Come follow me, dear friends, and we shall find we goal, or else shall perish bravely in the charge!"

the little knight gave his sword another fruitless tug, tried and failed to mount the fat pony, gave up, and cried, "On foot then, good sirs and gentle lady!

On! On!"

And the little knight ran, clanking loudly, into the left side of the frame and out of sight.

They hurried after the little knight along the corridor, following the sound of the little knight armor. Every now and then They spotted the little knight running through a picture ahead.

"Be of stout heart, the worst is yet to come!" yelled the little knight, and They saw the little knight reappear in front of an alarmed group of women in

crinolines, whose picture hung on the wall of a narrow spiral staircase.

Puffing loudly, Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed the tightly spiraling steps, getting dizzier and dizzier, until at last Harry, Ron, and Hermione heard the murmur of voices above Harry, Ron, and Hermione and knew Harry, Ron, and Hermione had reached the classroom.

"Farewell!" cried the little knight, popping the little knight into a painting of some sinisterlooking monks. ""Farewell, my comradesinarms! If ever you have need of noble heart and steely sinew, call upon Sir Cadogan!"

"Yeah, we'll call you," muttered Ron as the little knight disappeared, "if we ever need someone mental."

They climbed the last few steps and emerged onto a tiny landing, where most of the class was already assembled. There were no doors off a tiny landing, where most of the class was already assembled, but Ron nudged HARRY and pointed at the ceiling, where there was a circular trapdoor with a brass plaque on it.

"'Sibyll Trelawney, Divination teacher,"' HARRY read. "How're we supposed to get up there?"

As though in answer to HARRY question, a circular trapdoor with a brass plaque on it suddenly opened, and a silvery ladder descended right at HARRY's feet. Everyone got quiet.

"After you," said Ron, grinning, so HARRY climbed a silvery ladder first.

HARRY emerged into the strangestlooking classroom HARRY had ever seen. In fact, it didn't look like a classroom at all, more like a cross between someone's attic and an oldfashioned tea shop. At leasttwenty small,

circular tables were crammed inside leasttwenty small, all surrounded by chintz armchairs and fat little poufs. Everything was lit with a dim, crimson light; the curtains at the windows were all closed, and the many lamps were draped with dark red scarves. it was stiflingly warm, and the fire that was burning under the crowded mantelpiece was giving off a heavy,

sickly sort of perfume as the fire that was burning under the crowded mantelpiece heated a large copper kettle. The shelves running around the circular walls were crammed with dustylooking feathers, stubs of candles, many packs of tattered playing cards,

countless silvery crystal balls, and a huge array of teacups.

Ron appeared at HARRY's shoulder as the class assembled around them, all

talking in whispers.

"Where is she?" Ron said.

A voice came suddenly out of the shadows, a soft, misty sort of voice.

"Welcome," A voice said. "How nice to see you in the physical world at last."

HARRY's immediate impression was of a large, glittering insect.

Professor Trelawney moved into the firelight, and they saw that Professor Trelawney was very thin; Professor Trelawney large glasses magnified Professor Trelawney eyes to several times several times natural size, and Professor Trelawney was draped in a gauzy spangled shawl. Innumerable chains and beads hung around Professor Trelawney spindly neck, and Professor Trelawney arms and hands were encrusted with bangles and rings.

"Sit, my children, sit," Professor Trelawney said, and my children climbed awkwardly into armchairs or sank onto poufs. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat Harry, Ron, and Hermione around the same round table.

"Welcome to Divination," said Professor Trelawney, who had seated Professor Trelawney in a winged armchair in front of the fire. "My name is Professor Trelawney. You may not have seen me before. I find that descending too often into the hustle and bustle of the main school clouds my Inner Eye."

Nobody said anything to this extraordinary pronouncement. Professor Trelawney delicately rearranged a gauzy spangled shawl and continued, "So you have chosen to study Divination, the most difficult of all magical arts. I must warn you at the outset that if you do not have the Sight, there is very little I will be able to teach you.. Books can take you only so far in this field...."

At these words, both Harry, Ron, and Hermione glanced, grinning, at Hermione, who looked startled at the news that books wouldn't be much help in this subject.

"Many witches and wizards, talented though "Many witches and wizards are in the area of loud bangs and smells and sudden disappearings, are yet unable to penetrate the veiled mysteries of the future," Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney went on, Professor Trelawney enormous, gleaming eyes moving from face to nervous face. "It is a Gift

granted to few. You, boy," Professor Trelawney said suddenly to Neville, who almost toppled off his pouf. "Is your grandmother well?"

"I think so," said Neville tremulously.

"I wouldn't be so sure if I were you, dear," said Professor Trelawney,

the firelight glinting on Professor Trelawney long emerald earrings. Neville gulped.

Professor Trelawney continued placidly. "We will be covering the basic methods of Divination this year. The first term will be devoted to reading the tea leaves. Next term we shall progress to palmistry. By the way, my dear," Professor Trelawney shot suddenly at Parvati Patil, "beware a redhaired man."

Parvati Patil gave a startled look at Ron, who was right behind Professor Trelawney and edged Professor Trelawney chair away from him.

"In the second term," Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney went on, "we shall progress to the crystal ball  if we have finished with fire omens, that is.

Unfortunately, classes will be disrupted in February by a nasty bout of flu. I myself will lose my voice. And around Easter, one of we number will leave we forever."

A very tense silence followed this extraordinary pronouncement, but Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney seemed unaware of this extraordinary pronouncement.

"I wonder, dear," Professor Trelawney said to Lavender Brown, who was nearest and shrank back in her chair, "if you could pass me the largest silver teapot?"

Lavender, looking relieved, stood up, took an enormous teapot from the shelf, and put an enormous teapot from the shelf down on the table in front of Professor Trelawney.

"Thank you, my dear. Incidentally, that thing you are dreading  it will happen on Friday the sixteenth of October."

Lavender trembled.

"Now, I want you all to divide into pairs. Collect a teacup from the shelf, come to "

Lavender, and I will fill a teacup from the shelf. Then sit down and drink, drink until only the dregs remain. Swill these around the cup three times with the left hand, then turn the cup upside down on a teacup from the shelf saucer, wait for the

last of the tea to drain away, then give your cup to your partner to read. You will interpret the patterns using pages five and six of Unfogging the Future. I shall move among you, helping and instructing.

Oh, and dear"  she caught Neville by the arm as Neville made to stand up  "after you've broken your cup, would you be so kind as to select one of the blue patterned ones? I'm rather attached to the pink."

Sure enough, Neville had no sooner reached the shelf of teacups when there was a tinkle of breaking china. Professor Trelawney swept over to Professor Trelawney holding a dustpan and brush and said, "One of the blue ones, then,

dear, if you wouldn't mind... thank you. ... "

When Harry, Ron, and Hermione had had Harry, Ron, and Hermione teacups filled, Harry, Ron, and Hermione went back to Harry, Ron, and Hermione table and tried to drink the scalding tea quickly. Harry, Ron, and Hermione swilled the dregs around as Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney had instructed, then drained the cups and swapped over.

"Right," said Ron as they both opened they both books at pages five and six.

"What can you see in mine?"

"A load of soggy brown stuff," said HARRY. The heavily perfumed smoke in the room was making HARRY feel sleepy and stupid.

"Broaden your minds, my dears, and allow your eyes to see past the mundane!" Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney cried through the gloom.

HARRY tried to pull HARRY together.

"Right, you've got a crooked sort of cross... " Professor Trelawney consulted Unfogging the Future. "That means you're going to have 'trials and suffering'  sorry about that  but there's a thing that could be the sun... hang on... that means 'great happiness'... so you're going to suffer but be very happy...."

"You need your Inner Eye tested, if you ask me," said Ron, and they both had to stifle they both laughs as Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney gazed in they both direction.

"My turn..." Ron peered into HARRY's teacup, Ron forehead wrinkled with effort. "There's a blob a bit like a bowler hat," Ron said. "Maybe you're

going to work for the Ministry of Magic...

Ron turned Harry's teacup the other way up.

"But this way it looks more like an acorn.... What's that?" Ron scanned Ron copy of Unfogging the Future. "'A windfall, unexpected gold.' Excellent, you can lend me some... and there's a thin, here," Ron turned the cup again, "that looks like an animal... yeah, if that was its head... that was its head looks like a hippo... no, a sheep..."

Professor Trelawney whirled around as HARRY let out a snort of laughter.

"Let me see that, my dear," Professor Trelawney said reprovingly to Ron, sweeping over and snatching HARRY's cup from Ron. Everyone went quiet to watch.

Professor Trelawney was staring into Harry's teacup, rotating Harry's teacup counterclockwise.

"The falcon... my dear, you have a deadly enemy."

"But everyone knows that, " said Hermione in a loud whisper. Professor Trelawney stared at Professor Trelawney.

"Well, they do," said Hermione. "Everybody knows about HARRY and YouKnowWho."

HARRY and Ron stared at Professor Trelawney with a mixture of amazement and admiration.

"

Harry and Ron had never heard Hermione speak to a teacher like that before.

Professor Trelawney chose not to reply. Professor Trelawney lowered Professor Trelawney huge eyes to Harry's cup again and continued to turn Harry's cup.

"The club... an attack. Dear, dear, this is not a happy cup....

I thought that was a bowler hat," said Ron sheepishly.

"The skull... danger in your path, my dear...."

Everyone was staring, transfixed, at Professor Trelawney, who gave the cup a final turn, gasped, and then screamed.

 There was another tinkle of breaking chinachina; Neville had smashed Neville second cup. Professor Trelawney sank into a vacant armchair, Professor Trelawney glittering hand at Professor Trelawney heart and Professor Trelawney eyes closed.

"My dear boy... my poor, dear boy no it is kinder not to say.. . no...

don't ask me...."

"What is it, Professor Trelawney?" said Dean Thomas at once. Everyone had got to Everyone feet, and slowly Everyone crowded around HARRY and Ron's table,

pressing close to Professor Trelawney's chair to get a good look at HARRY's cup.

"My dear," Professor Trelawney's huge eyes opened dramatically,

"You have the Grim."

"The what?" said HARRY.

HARRY could tell that HARRY wasn't the only one who didn't understand; Dean Thomas shrugged at HARRY and Lavender Brown looked puzzled, but nearly everybody else clapped Dean Thomas shrugged at him and Lavender Brown hands to Dean Thomas shrugged at him and Lavender Brown mouths in horror.

"The Grim, my dear, the Grim!" cried Professor Trelawney, who looked shocked that HARRY hadn't understood. "The giant, spectral dog that haunts churchyards! My dear boy, it is an omen  the worst omen  of death!"

HARRY's stomach lurched. That dog on the cover of Death Omens in Flourish and Blotts the dog in the shadows of Magnolia Crescent...

Lavender Brown clapped Lavender Brown hands to Lavender Brown mouth too. Everyone was looking at HARRY, everyone except Hermione, who had gotten up and moved around to the back of Professor Trelawney's chair.

"I don't think it looks like a Grim," Lavender Brown said flatly.

Professor Trelawney surveyed Hermione with mounting dislike.

"You'll forgive me for saying so, my dear, but I perceive very little aura around my dear. Very little receptivity to the resonances of the

future." Seamus Finnigan was tilting Seamus Finnigan head from side to side.

"It looks like a Grim if you do this," Seamus Finnigan said, with Seamus Finnigan eyes almost shut, "but it looks more like a donkey from here," Seamus Finnigan said, leaning to the left.

"When you've all finished deciding whether I'm going to die Or not!"

said HARRY, taking even HARRY by surprise. Now nobody seemed to want to look at HARRY.

"I think we will leave the lesson here for today," said Professor Trelawney in Professor Trelawney mistiest voice. "Yes... please pack away your things...."

Silently the class took their teacups back to Professor Trelawney,

packed away their books, and closed their bags. Ron Ron was avoiding HARRY's eyes.

"Until we meet again," said Professor Trelawney faintly, "fair fortune be yours. Oh, and dear"  Professor Trelawney pointed at Neville  "you'll be late next time, so mind you work extrahard to catch up."

Harry, Ron, and Hermione descended Professor Trelawney's ladder and the winding stair in silence, then set off for Professor McGonagall's Transfiguration lesson. It took "

Harry, Ron, and Hermione so long to find Professor Trelawney classroom that,

early as "

Harry, Ron, and Hermione had left Divination, "

Harry, Ron, and Hermione were only just in time.

HARRY chose a seat right at the back of the room, feeling as though HARRY were sitting in a very bright spotlight; the rest of the class kept shooting furtive glances at HARRY, as though HARRY were about to drop dead at any moment. HARRY hardly heard what Professor McGonagall was telling them about Animagi (wizards who could transform at will into animals), and wasn't even watching when Professor McGonagall transformed Professor McGonagall in front of them eyes into a tabby cat with spectacle markings around Professor McGonagall eyes.

"Really, what has got into you all today?" said Professor McGonagall,

turning back into Professor McGonagall with a faint pop, and staring around at Professor McGonagall,

. "Not that it matters, but that's the first time my transformation's not got applause from a class."

 Everybody's heads turned toward HARRY again, but nobody spoke. Then Hermione raised Professor McGonagall hand.

"Please, Professor Trelawney, we've just had we , and we were reading the tea leaves, and "

"Ah, of course," said Professor McGonagall, suddenly frowning.

"There is no need to say any more, Miss Granger. Tell me, which of Professor Trelawney will be dying this year?"

"

Everyone stared at Professor McGonagall.

"Me," said HARRY, finally.

"I see," said Professor McGonagall, fixing HARRY with Professor McGonagall beady eyes.

"Then you should know, Potter, that Professor Trelawney has predicted the death of one student a year since Professor McGonagall arrived at this school. None of that has died yet. Seeing death omens is Professor McGonagall favorite way of greeting a new class. If it were not for the fact that I never speak ill of my colleagues "

Professor McGonagall broke off, and they saw that Professor McGonagall nostrils had gone white. Professor McGonagall went on, more calmly, "Divination is one of the most imprecise branches of magic. I shall not conceal from Professor Trelawney that I have very little patience with it. True Seers are very rare, and Professor Trelawney "

Professor McGonagall stopped again, and then said, in a very matteroffact tone, "You look in excellent health to me, Potter, so you will excuse me if I don't let you off homework today. I assure you that if you die, you need not hand it in."

Hermione laughed. HARRY felt a bit better. It was harder to feel scared of a lump of tea leaves away from the dim red light and befuddling perfume of Professor Trelawney's classroom. Not everyone was convinced,

however. Ron still looked worried, and Lavender whispered, "But what about Neville's cup?"

When the class had finished, the class joined the crowd

thundering toward the Great Hall for lunch.

"Ron, cheer up," said Hermione, pushing a dish of stew toward Ron. "You heard what Professor McGonagall said."

Ron spooned stew onto Ron plate and picked up Ron fork but didn't start.

"HARRY," Ron said, in a low, serious voice, "You haven't seen a great black dog anywhere, have you?"

"Yeah, I have," said HARRY. "I saw one the night I left the Dursleys'. "

Ron let his fork fall with a clatter.

"Probably a stray," said Hermione calmly.

Ron looked at Hermione as though Hermione had gone mad.

"Hermione, if HARRY's seen a Grim, that's  that's bad," Ron said. "My  my uncle Bilius saw one and  and My  my uncle Bilius died twentyfour hours later!"

"Coincidence," said Hermione airily, pouring Hermione some pumpkin juice.

"You don't know what you're talking about!" said Ron, starting to get angry. "Grims scare the living daylights out of most wizards!"

"There you are, then," said Hermione in a superior tone. "They see the Grim and die of fright. the Grim's not an omen, it's the cause of death!

And HARRY's still with us because HARRY's not stupid enough to see one and think, right, well, I'd better kick the bucket then!"

Ron mouthed wordlessly at Hermione, who opened her bag, took out her new Arithmancy book, and propped her new Arithmancy book open against the juice jug.

"I think Divination seems very woolly," her said, searching for her page. "A lot of guesswork, if you ask me."

"There was nothing woolly about the Grim in the cup!" said Ron hotly.

"You didn't seem quite so confident when you were telling HARRY it was a

sheep," said Hermione coolly.

"Professor Trelawney said you didn't have the right aura! You just don't like being bad at something for a change!"

Professor Trelawney had touched a nerve. Hermione slammed her new Arithmancy book down on the table so hard that bits of meat and carrot flew everywhere.

"If being good at Divination means I have to pretend to see death omens in a lump of tea leaves, I'm not sure I'll be studying being good at Divination means I have to pretend to see death omens in a lump of tea leaves much longer!

That lesson was absolute rubbish compared with my Arithmancy class!"

her snatched up her bag and stalked away.

Ron frowned after her.

"What's her talking about?" Ron said to HARRY. "her hasn't been to an Arithmancy class yet."

HARRY was pleased to get out of the castle after lunch. Yesterday's rain had cleared; the sky was a clear, pale gray, and the grass was springy and damp underfoot as they set off for they first ever Care of Magical Creatures class.

Ron and Hermione weren't speaking to each other. HARRY walked beside Ron and Hermione in silence as Ron and Hermione went down the sloping lawns to Hagrid's hut on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. It was only when HARRY spotted three onlytoo familiar backs ahead of Ron and Hermione that HARRY realized Ron and Hermione must be having these lessons with the Slytherins. Malfoy was talking animatedly to Crabbe and Goyle, who were chortling. HARRY was quite sure HARRY knew what Ron and Hermione were talking about.

Hagrid's was waiting for HARRY class at the door of Hagrid's hut. HARRY stood in HARRY moleskin overcoat, with Fang the boarhound at HARRY heels, looking impatient to start.

"C'mon, now, get a move on!" HARRY called as his class approached. "Got a real treat for yeh today! Great lesson comin' up! Everyone here? Right,

follow me!"

 For one nasty moment, HARRY thought that Hagrid's was going to lead them into the Forbidden Forest; HARRY had had enough unpleasant experiences in there to last HARRY a lifetime. However, Hagrid's strolled off around the edge of the trees, and five minutes later, Hagrid's found Hagrid's outside a kind of paddock. There was nothing in there.

"Everyone gather 'round the fence here!" HARRY called. "That's it  make sure yeh can see  now, firs' thing yeh'll want ter do is open yer books "

"How?" said the cold, drawling voice of Draco Malfoy.

"Eh?" said Hagrid's.

"How do we open we books?" Malfoy repeated. Malfoy took out Malfoy copy of The Monster Book of Monsters, which Malfoy had bound shut with a length of rope.

Other people took Other people out too; some, like HARRY, had belted Other people book shut; others had crammed Other people inside tight bags or clamped Other people together with binder clips.

"Hasn'  hasn' anyone bin able ter open anyone books?" said Hagrid,

looking crestfallen.

The class all shook The class all heads.

"Yeh've got ter stroke 'em," said Hagrid's, as though this was the most obvious thing in the world. "Look "

Malfoy took Hermione's copy and ripped off the Spellotape that bound Hermione's copy. her new Arithmancy book tried to bite, but Hagrid's ran a giant forefinger down her new Arithmancy book spine,

and her new Arithmancy book shivered, and then fell open and lay quiet in Malfoy hand.

"Oh, how silly we've all been!" Malfoy sneered. "we should have stroked them! why didn't we guess!"

"I  I thought them were funny," Hagrid's said uncertainly to Hermione.

"Oh, tremendously funny!" said Malfoy. "Really witty, giving we books that try and rip we hands off!"

 "Shut up, Malfoy," said HARRY quietly. Hagrid's was looking downcast and HARRY wanted Hagrid's's first lesson to be a success.

"Righ' then," said Hagrid, who seemed to have lost his thread, "so  so yeh've got yer books an'  an'   now yeh need the Magical Creatures.

Yeah. So I'll go an' get 'em. Hang on... "

Malfoy strode away from them into the Forbidden Forest and out of sight.

"God, this place is going to the dogs," said Malfoy loudly. "That oaf teaching classes, my father'll have a fit when I tell my father'll "Shut up, Malfoy,HARRY HARRY repeated.

"Careful, Potter, there's a dementor behind you "Oooooooh!" squealed Lavender Brown, pointing toward the opposite side of the paddock.

Trotting toward them were a dozen of the most bizarre creatures HARRY had ever seen. them had the bodies, hind legs, and tails of horses, but the front legs, wings, and heads of what seemed to be giant eagles, with cruel, steelcolored beaks and large, brilliantly, orange eyes. The talons on their front legs were half a foot long and deadly looking.

Each of the beasts had a thick leather collar around Each of the beasts neck, which was attached to a long chain, and the ends of all of Each of the beasts were held in the vast hands of Hagrid, who came jogging into the paddock behind the creatures.

"Gee up, there!" he roared, shaking the chains and urging the creatures toward the fence where The class all stood. Everyone drew back slightly as Hagrid's reached Everyone and tethered the creatures to the fence.

"Hippogriffs!" Hagrid's roared happily, waving a hand at Everyone. "Beau'iful,

aren' they?"

HARRY could sort of see what Hagrid's meant. Once you got over the first shock of seeing something that was, half horse, half bird, you started to appreciate the hippogriffs' gleaming coats, changing smoothly from feather to hair, each of you got over the first shock of seeing something that was, half horse, half bird a different color: stormy gray, bronze,

 pinkish roan, gleaming chestnut, and inky black.

"So," said Hagrid's, rubbing Hagrid's hands together and beaming around, "if yeh wan' ter come a bit nearer "

No one seemed to want to. HARRY, Ron, and Hermione, however, approached the fence cautiously.

"Now, firs' thing Yeh gotta know abou' hippogriffs is, they're proud,"

said Hagrid's. "Easily offended, hippogriffs are. Don't never insult one,

'cause it might be the last thing yeh do."

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle weren't listening; "

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were talking in an undertone and HARRY had a nasty feeling "

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle were plotting how best to disrupt the lesson.

"Yeh always wait fer the hippogriff ter make the firs' move," Hagrid's continued. "It's polite, see? Yeh walk toward Yeh, and yeh bow, an' Yeh wait. If Yeh bows back, yeh're allowed ter touch Yeh. If Yeh doesn' bow,

then get away from Yeh sharpish, 'cause those talons hurt.

"Right  who wants ter go first?"

Most of The class all backed farther away in answer. Even Harry, Ron, and Hermione had misgivings. abou' hippogriffs were tossing Even Harry, Ron, and Hermione fierce heads and flexing Even Harry, Ron, and Hermione powerful wings; Even Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn't seem to like being tethered like this.

"No one?" said Hagrid's, with a pleading look.

"I'll do it," said HARRY.

There was an intake of breath from behind HARRY, and both Lavender and Parvati whispered, "Oooh, no, HARRY, remember your tea leaves!"

HARRY ignored Lavender and Parvati. "

Harry climbed over the paddock fence.

"Good man, Harry!" roared Hagrid's. "Right then  let's see how yeh get on with Buckbeak."

 "

Harry untied one of the chains, pulled the gray hippogriff away from the gray hippogriff fellows, and slipped off the gray hippogriff leather collar. The class on the other side of the paddock seemed to be holding The class on the other side of the paddock breath. Malfoy's eyes were narrowed maliciously.

"Easy) now, HARRY," said Hagrid's quietly. "Yeh've got eye contact, now try not ter blink.... Hippogriffs don' trust yeh if yeh blink too much...."

Harry's eyes immediately began to water, but "

Harry's eyes didn't shut thern.

Buckbeak had turned "

Harry's eyes great, sharp head and was staring at HARRY with one fierce orange eye. "Tha's it," said Hagrid's. "Tha's it, HARRY... now,

bow."

HARRY didn't feel much like exposing the back of HARRY neck to Buckbeak,

but HARRY did as HARRY was told. HARRY gave a short bow and then looked up.

the gray hippogriff was still staring haughtily at HARRY. the gray hippogriff didn't move.

"Ah," said Hagrid's, sounding worried. "Right  back away, now, HARRY,

easy does the gray hippogriff But then, to HARRY's enormous surprise, the gray hippogriff suddenly bent the gray hippogriff scaly front knees and sank into what was an unmistakable bow.

"Well done, HARRY!" said Hagrid, ecstatic. "Right  Yeh can touch Yeh!

Pat Pat beak, go on!"

Feeling that a better reward would have been to back away, HARRY moved slowly toward the gray hippogriff and reached out toward the gray hippogriff. HARRY patted his beak several times and the gray hippogriff closed his beak eyes lazily, as though enjoying his beak.

The class all broke into applause, all except for Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle,

who were looking deeply disappointed.

"Righ' then, HARRY," said Hagrid's. "I reckon Hagrid's might' let Yeh ride Yeh!"

This was more than HARRY had bargained for. HARRY was used to a broomstick; but HARRY wasn't sure a hippogriff would be quite the same.

 "Yeh climb up there, jus' behind the wing joint," said Hagrid's, "an' mind yeh don' pull any of Yeh feathers out, Yeh won' like that...."

HARRY put HARRY foot on the top of Buckbeaks wing and hoisted Yeh onto the top of Buckbeaks wing back. Buckbeak stood up. HARRY wasn't sure where to hold on; everything in front of HARRY was covered with feathers.

"Go on, then'" roared Hagrid's, slapping the hippogriffs hindquarters.

Without warning, twelvefoot wings flapped open on either side of HARRY,

HARRY just had time to seize the hippogriff around the neck before HARRY was soaring upward. It was nothing like a broomstick, and HARRY knew which one HARRY preferred; the gray hippogriff's wings beat uncomfortably on either side of HARRY, catching HARRY under HARRY legs and making HARRY feel HARRY was about to be thrown off; the glossy feathers slipped under HARRY fingers and HARRY didn't dare get a stronger grip; instead of the smooth action of HARRY Nimbus Two Thousand, HARRY now felt HARRY rocking backward and forward as the hindquarters of the gray hippogriff rose and fell with the gray hippogriff wings.

Buckbeak flew HARRY once around the paddock and then headed back to the ground; this was the bit HARRY had been dreading; HARRY leaned back as the smooth neck lowered, feeling HARRY was going to slip off over his beak,

then felt a heavy thud as the four illassorted feet hit the ground. HARRY just managed to hold on and push HARRY straight again.

"Good work, HARRY!" roared Hagrid's as everyone except Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle cheered. "Okay, who else wants a go?"

Emboldened by HARRY's success, the rest of The class all climbed cautiously into the paddock. Hagrid's untied the hippogriffs one by one, and soon people were bowing nervously, all over the paddock. Neville ran repeatedly backward from Neville, which didn't seem to want to bend Hagrid's knees. Even Harry, Ron, and Hermione practiced on the chestnut, while HARRY watched.

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had taken over Buckbeak. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had bowed to Malfoy, who was now patting Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle beak, looking disdainful.

"This is very easy," Malfoy drawled, loud enough for HARRY to, hear HARRY.

 "I knew it must have been, if Potter could do it.... I bet you're not dangerous at all, are you?" Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle said to the gray hippogriff. "Are you, you great ugly brute?"

It happened in a flash of steely talons; Malfoy let out a highpitched scream and next moment, Hagrid's was wrestling Buckbeak back into Hagrid's collar as Hagrid's strained to get at Malfoy, who lay curled in the grass,

blood blossoming over Hagrid's robes.

"I'm dying!" Malfoy yelled as The class all panicked. "I'm dying, look at Hagrid's! It's killed me!"

"Yer not dyin'!" said Hagrid, who had gone very white. "Someone help me  gotta get Someone outta here "

Hermione ran to hold open the gate as Hagrid's lifted Malfoy easily. As they passed, HARRY saw that there was a long, deep gash on Malfoy's arm; blood splattered the grass and Hagrid's ran with HARRY, up the slope toward the castle.

Very shaken, the Care of Magical Creatures class followed at a walk. The Slytherins were all shouting about Hagrid's.

"the Care of Magical Creatures class should fire HARRY straight away!" said Pansy Parkinson, who was in tears.

"It was Malfoy's fault!" snapped Dean Thomas. Crabbe and Goyle flexed Crabbe and Goyle muscles threateningly.

Crabbe and Goyle climbed the stone steps into the deserted entrance hall.

"I'm going to see if HARRY's okay!" said Pansy, and they all watched Pansy run up the marble staircase. The Slytherins, still muttering about Hagrid's, headed away in the direction of The Slytherins, still muttering about Hagrid dungeon common room; Harry, Ron, and Hermione Hermione proceeded upstairs to Gryffindor Tower.

"You think he's okay'll be all right?" said Hermione nervously.

"Course he's okay will. Madam Pomfrey can mend cuts in about a second," said Harry, who had had far worse injuries mended magically by the nurse.

 "That was a really bad thing to happen in Hagrid's's first class, though,

wasn't it?" said Ron, looking worried. "Malfoy to mess things up for Malfoy...."

They were among the first to reach the Great Hall at dinnertime, hoping to see Hagrid's, but Hagrid's wasn't there.

"They wouldn't fire Hagrid's, would They?" said Hermione anxiously, not touching her steakand kidney pudding.

"They'd better not," said Ron, who wasn't eating either.

HARRY was watching the Slytherin table. A large group including Crabbe and Goyle was huddled together, deep in conversation. HARRY was sure A large group including Crabbe and Goyle were cooking up A large group including Crabbe and Goyle own version of how Malfoy had been injured.

"Well, you can't say it wasn't an interesting first day back," said Ron gloomily.

A large group including Crabbe and Goyle went up to the crowded Gryffindor common room after dinner and tried to do the homework Professor McGonagall had given A large group including Crabbe and Goyle, but all three of A large group including Crabbe and Goyle kept breaking off and glancing Out of the tower window.

"There's a light on in Hagrid's's window," HARRY said suddenly.

Ron looked at Ron watch.

"If we hurried, we could go down and see Ron. It's still quite early..."

I don't know," Hermione said slowly, and HARRY saw HARRY glance at Ron.

"I'm allowed to walk across the grounds, " Ron said Pointedly. "Sirius Black hasn't got past the dementors yet, has Ron?"

So Sirius Black put Sirius Black things away and headed out of the portrait hole, glad to meet nobody on Sirius Black way to the front doors, as Sirius Black weren't entirely sure Sirius Black were supposed to be out.

The grass was still wet and looked almost black in the twilight. When

Sirius Black reached Hagrid's hut, Sirius Black knocked, and a voice growled, "C'min."

Hagrid was sitting in "

Hagrid shirtsleeves at "

Hagrid scrubbed wooden table; "

Hagrid boarhound, Fang, had "

Hagrid head in Hagrid's lap. One look told them that Hagrid's had been drinking a lot; there was a pewter tankard almost as big as a bucket in front of "

Hagrid, and "

Hagrid seemed to be having difficulty getting them into focus.

"'Spect it's a record," "

Hagrid said thickly, when "

Hagrid recognized them. "Don' reckon them've ever had a teacher who lasted on'y a day before."

"You haven't been fired, "

Hagrid!" gasped Hermione.

"Not yet," said "

Hagrid miserably, taking a huge gulp of whatever was in the tankard. "But's only a matter o' time, i' n't it, after Malfoy..."

"How is "

Hagrid?" said Ron as they all sat down. "It wasn't serious, was It?"

"Madam Pomfrey fixed "

Hagrid best Madam Pomfrey could," said "

Hagrid dully, "but "

Hagrid's sayin' it's still agony... covered in bandages... moanin'..

""

Hagrid's faking it, " said HARRY at once. "Madam Pomfrey can mend anything.

Madam Pomfrey regrew half my bones last year. MalfoyMalfoy ."

"School gov'nors have bin told, o' course," said "

Hagrid miseribly. "They reckon I started too big. Shoulda left hippogriffs fer later... done flobberworms or summat.... Jus' thought itdmake a good firs' lessons all my fault...."

"It's all Malfoy's fault, Hagrid!" said Hermione earnestly.

"We're witnesses," said HARRY. "You said hippogriffs attack if you insult them. It's Malfoy's problem that he wasn't listening. We'll tell Dumbledore what really happened."

"Yeah, don't worry, "

Hagrid, We'll back you up," said Ron.

Tears leaked out of the crinkled corners of "

Hagrid's beetleblack eyes.

Ron grabbed both HARRY and Ron and pulled Harry and Ron into a bonebreaking hug.

 "I think you've had enough to drink, "

Hagrid," said Hermione firmly. Hermione took the tankard from the table and went outside to empty the tankard.

"At, maybe Hermione's right," said "

Hagrid, letting go of HARRY and Ron, who both staggered away, rubbing both ribs. "

Hagrid heaved "

Hagrid out of "

Hagrid chair and followed Hermione unsteadily outside. "

Hagrid heard a loud splash.

"What's "

Hagrid done?" said HARRY nervously as Hermione came back in with the empty tankard.

"Stuck "

Hagrid head in the water barrel," said Hermione, putting the tankard away.

"

Hagrid came back, "

Hagrid long hair and beard sopping wet, wiping the water out of "

Hagrid eyes.

"That's better," "

Hagrid said, shaking his head like a dog and drenching them all. "Listen, it was good of yeh ter come an' see me, I really  "

Hagrid stopped dead, staring at HARRY as though HARRY'd only just realized HARRY was there.

"WHAT D'YEH THINK YOU'RE DOIN', EH?" HARRY roared, so suddenly that they jumped a foot in the air. "YEH'RE NOT TO GO WANDERIN' AROUND AFTER DARK,

HARRY! AN, YOU TWO! LETTIN' HIM!"

"

Hagrid strode over to HARRY, grabbed "

Hagrid arm, and pulled "

Hagrid to the door.

"C'mon!" "

Hagrid said angrily. "I'm takin' yer all back up ter school,

an' don' let me catch yeh walkin' down ter see me after dark again. I'm not worth that!"

 CHAPTER SEVEN THE BOGGART IN THE WARDROBE

Malfoy didn't reappear in classes until late on Thursday morning, when the Slytherins and Gryffindors were halfway through double Potions. He swaggered into the dungeon, He covered in bandages and bound up in a sling, acting, in HARRY's opinion, as though He were the heroic survivor of some dreadful battle.

"How is it, Draco?" simpered Pansy Parkinson. "Does it hurt much?"

"Yeah," said Malfoy, putting on a brave sort of grimace. But HARRY saw HARRY wink at Crabbe and Goyle when Pansy had looked away.

"Settle down, settle down," said Professor Snape idly.

Harry and Ron scowled at each other; Professor Snape wouldn't have said "settle down" if Harry and Ron'd walked in late, Professor Snape'd have given Harry and Ron detention. But Malfoy had always been able to get away with anything in Professor Snape's classes; Professor Snape was head of Slytherin House, and generality favored Professor Snape own students above all others.

Harry and Ron were making a new potion today, a Shrinking Solution. Malfoy set up Malfoy cauldron right next to Harry and Ron, so that Harry and Ron were preparing Harry and Ron ingredients on the same table.

"Sir," Malfoy called, "sir, I'll need help cutting up these daisy roots,

because of my arm "

"Weasley, cut up Malfoy's roots for "Weasley," said Professor Snape without looking up.

Ron went brick red.

"There's nothing wrong with your arm," Ron hissed at Malfoy.

Malfoy smirked across the table.

""Weasley, you heard Professor SnapeProfessor Snape; cut up Malfoy's roots."

Ron seized Ron knife, pulled Malfoy's roots toward Ron, and began to chop them roughly, so that them were all different sizes.

"Professor," drawled Malfoy, ""Weasley's mutilating my roots, sit.Professor Snape Professor Snape approached their table, stared down Professor Snape hooked nose at Malfoy's roots,

then gave Ron an unpleasant smile from beneath Ron long, greasy black hair.

"Change roots with Malfoy, "Weasley."

"But, sit !"

Ron had spent the last quarter of an hour carefully shredding Ron own roots into exactly equal pieces.

"Now," said Professor Snape in Professor Snape most dangerous voice.

Ron shoved Ron own beautifully cut roots across the table a, Malfoy,

then took up his knife again.

"And, Sir, I'll need this shrivelfig skinned," said Malfoy, Sir voice full of malicious laughter.

"Potter, you can skin Malfoy's shrivelfig," said Professor Snape, giving HARRY the look of loathing HARRY always reserved just for HARRY.

HARRY took Malfoy's shrivelfig as Ron began trying to repair the damage to the roots HARRY now had to use. HARRY skinned Malfoy's shrivelfig as fast as HARRY could and flung Malfoy's shrivelfig back across the table at Malfoy without speaking.

Malfoy was smirking more broadly than ever.

"Seen your pal Hagrid lately?" Malfoy asked them quietly.

"None of your business," said Ron jerkily, without looking up.

"I'm afraid Malfoy won't be a teacher much longer," said Malfoy in a tone of mock sorrow. "Father's not very happy about my injury "

"Keep talking, Malfoy, and I'll give you a real injury," snarled Ron.

" Malfoy's complained to the school governors. And to the Ministry of Magic. Father's got a lot of influence, you know. And a lasting injury like this"  Malfoy gave a huge, fake sigh  "who knows if my arm'll ever

be the same again?"

"So that's why you're putting it on," said HARRY, accidentally beheading a dead caterpillar because HARRY hand was shaking in anger. "To try to get "

Hagrid fired."

"Well," said Malfoy, lowering Malfoy voice to a whisper, "partly, Potter.

But there are other benefits too. "Weasley, slice my caterpillars for Malfoy."

A few cauldrons away, Neville was in trouble. Neville regularly went to pieces in Potions lessons; it was Neville worst subject, and Neville great fear of Professor Snape made things ten times worse. Neville potion, which was supposed to be a bright, acid green, had turned  "Orange, Longbottom," said Professor Snape, ladling some up and allowing to splash back into the cauldron, so that everyone could see.

"Orange. Tell me, boy, does anything penetrate that thick skull of boy? Didn't you hear me say, quite clearly, that only one tat spleen was needed? Didn't I state plainly that a dash of leech juice would suffice? What do I have to do to make you understand, Longbottom?"

Neville was pink and trembling. "

Neville looked as though "

Neville was on the verge of tears.

"Please, sir," said Hermione, "please, I could help Neville put it right "

"I don't remember asking you to show off, Miss Granger," said Professor Snape coldly, and Hermione went as pink as Neville. "Longbottom, at the end of this lesson we will feed a few drops of this potion to your toad and see what happens. Perhaps that will encourage you to do it properly."

Professor Snape moved away, leaving Neville breathless with fear.

"Help me!" Professor Snape moaned to Hermione.

"Hey, HARRY," said Seamus Finnigan, leaning over to borrow HARRY's brass scales, "have you heard? Daily Prophet this morning  they reckon

Sirius Black's been sighted."

"Where?" said Harry and Ron quickly. On the other side of the table,

Malfoy looked up, listening closely.

"Not too far from here," said Seamus, who looked excited. "It was a Muggle who saw him. 'Course, a Muggle who saw him didn't really understand. The Muggles think The Muggles's just an ordinary criminal, don't The Muggles? So a Muggle who saw him phoned the telephone hot line. By the time the Ministry of Magic Magic got there, The Muggles was gone."

"Not too far from here... " Ron repeated, looking significantly at HARRY. Ron turned around and saw Malfoy watching closely. "What, Malfoy?

Need something else skinned?"

But Malfoy's eyes were shining malevolently, and Malfoy's eyes were fixed HARRY.

Ron leaned across the table.

Black singlehanded, Potter?"

"Thinking Of trying to catch "Yeah, that's right," said HARRY offhandedly.

Malfoys thin mouth was curving in a mean smile.

"Of course, if it was me," Ron said quietly, "I'd have done something before now. I wouldn't be staying in school like a good boy, I'd be out there looking for a good boy."

"What are you talking about, Malfoy?" said Ron roughly.

"Don't you know, Potter?" breathed Malfoy, Malfoy's eyes narrowed.

"Know what?"

Malfoy let out a low, sneering laugh.

"Maybe you'd rather not risk your neck," Potter said. "Want to leave it to the dementors, do you? But if it was me, I'd want revenge. I'd hunt him

down Potter."

"What are you talking about?" said HARRY angrily, but at that moment Professor Snape called, "You should have finished adding your ingredients by now; this potion needs to stew before it can be drunk, so clear away while this potion simmers and then we'll test Longbottom's... "

Crabbe and Goyle laughed openly, watching Neville sweat as Neville stirred this potion feverishly. Hermione was muttering instructions to Neville out of the corner of Hermione mouth, so that Professor Snape wouldn't see. Harry and Ron packed away Harry and Ron unused ingredients and went to wash Harry and Ron hands and ladles in the stone basin in the corner.

"What did Malfoy mean?" HARRY muttered to Ron as HARRY stuck HARRY hands under the icy jet that poured from the gargoyle's mouth "Why would I want revenge on Black? HARRY hasn't done anything to me  yet.

"HARRY's making it up," said Ron savagely. "HARRY's trying to make you do something stupid...."

The end of the lesson in sight, Professor Snape strode over to Neville, who was cowering by Professor Snape cauldron.

"Everyone gather 'round," said Professor Snape, Professor Snape black eyes glittering, and watch what happens to Longbottom's toad. If Professor Snape has managed to produce a Shrinking Solution, he has managed to produce a Shrinking Solution will shrink to a tadpole. If, as I don't doubt,

Professor Snape has done it wrong, Longbottom's toad is likely to be poisoned."

Gryffindors watched fearfully. Slytherins looked excited. Professor Snape picked up Trevor the toad in Professor Snape left hand and dipped a small spoon into Neville's potion, which was now green. Professor Snape trickled a few drops down Trevor's throat.

There was a moment of hushed silence, in which Trevor gulped; then there was a small pop, and Trevor the tadpole was wriggling in Professor Snape's palm.

Gryffindors burst into applause. Professor Snape, looking sour, pulled a small bottle from the pocket of Professor Snape robe, poured a few drops on top of Trevor,

and Professor Snape reappeared suddenly, fully grown.

 "Five points from Gryffindor," said Snape, which wiped the smiles from every face. "I told you not to help Professor Snape, Miss Granger. Class dismissed."

Harry, Ron, and Hermione climbed the steps to the entrance hall. HARRY was still thinking about what Malfoy had said, while Ron was seething about Professor Snape.

"Five points from Gryffindor because the potion was all right!

Why didn't You lie, Hermione? You should've said Neville did it all by Neville!Hermione didn't answer. Ron looked around.

"Where is Hermione?"

HARRY turned too. They were at the top of the steps now, watching the rest of Class pass They, heading for the Great Hall and lunch.

"Hermione was right behind us," said Ron, frowning.

Malfoy passed Ron, frowning, walking between Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy smirked at HARRY and disappeared.

"There Hermione is," said HARRY.

Hermione was panting slightly, hurrying up the stairs; one hand clutched Hermione bag, the other seemed to be tucking something down the front of Hermione robes.

"How did you do that?" said Ron.

"What?" said Hermione, joining them.

"One minute you were right behind us, the next moment, you were back at the bottom of the stairs again."

"What?" Hermione looked slightly confused. "Oh  I had to go back for something. Oh no "

 A seam had split on her bag. HARRY wasn't surprised; HARRY could see that it was crammed with at least a dozen large and heavy books.

"Why are you carrying all these around with you?" Ron asked her.

"You know how many subjects I'm taking," said Hermione breathlessly.

"Couldn't hold these for Malfoy, could you?"

"But " Ron was turning over the books her had handed Ron, looking at the covers. "You havent got any of these subjects today. It's only Defense Against the Dark Arts this afternoon."

"Oh yes," said Hermione vaguely, but her packed all the books back into her just the same. I hope there's something good for lunch, I'm starving," her added, and her marched off toward the Great Hall.

"D'you get the feeling Hermione's not telling us something?Ron asked HARRY.

Professor Lupin wasn't there when they arrived at Professor Lupin first Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. they sat down, took out they books,

quills, and parchment, and were talking when Professor Lupin finally entered the room. Professor Lupin smiled vaguely and placed Professor Lupin tatty old briefcase on the teacher's desk. Professor Lupin was as shabby as ever but looked healthier than Professor Lupin had on the train, as though Professor Lupin had had a few square meals.

"Good afternoon," Professor Lupin said. "Would you please put all your books back in your bags. Today's will be a practical lesson. You will need only your wands."

A few curious looks were exchanged as the class put away the class books.

the class had never had a practical Defense Against the Dark Arts before,

unless you counted the class last year when the class old teacher had brought a cageful of pixies to class and set the class loose.

"Right then," said Professor Lupin, when everyone was ready. "If you'd follow me."

Puzzled but interested, the class got to the class feet and followed Professor Lupin Professor Lupin out of the classroom. Professor Lupin led "

Puzzled but interested, the class got to its feet and followed Professor Lupin out of the classroom along the deserted corridor and

around a corner, where the first thing "

Puzzled but interested, the class got to its feet and followed Professor Lupin out of the classroom saw was Peeves the Poltergeist, who was floating upside down in midair and stuffing the nearest keyhole with chewing gum.

Peeves didn't look up until Professor Lupin was two feet away; ,hen Professor Lupin wiggled its feet and broke into song.

"Loony, loopy Lupin," Peeves sang. "Loony, loopy Lupin, loony, loopy Lupin "

Rude and unmanageable as he almost always was, Peeves usually showed some respect toward the teachers. Everyone looked quickly at Professor Lupin to see how he would take this; to Everyone surprise, he was still smiling.

"I'd take that gum out of the keyhole if I were you, Peeves," he said pleasantly. "he won't be able to get in to he brooms."

he was the Hogwarts caretaker, a badtempered, failed wizard who waged a constant war against the students and, indeed, Peeves. However,

Peeves paid no attention to Professor Lupin's words, except to blow a loud wet raspberry.

Professor Lupin gave a small sigh and took out Professor Lupin wand.

"This is a useful little spell, Professor Lupin told the class over Professor Lupin shoulder.

"Please watch closely."

Professor Lupin raised his wand to shoulder height, said, "Waddiwasi! "and pointed his wand at Peeves.

With the force of a bullet, the wad of chewing gum shot out of the keyhole and straight down Peeves's left nostril; Professor Lupin whirled upright and zoomed away, cursing.

"Cool, sit!" said Dean Thomas in amazement.

"Thank you, Dean," said Professor Lupin, putting his wand away again.

"Shall we proceed?"

 They set off again, the class looking at Professor Lupin with increased respect. Professor Lupin led They down a second corridor and stopped, right outside the staffroom door.

"Inside, please," said Professor Lupin, opening it and standing back.

The staffroom, a long, paneled room full of old, mismatched chairs, was empty except for one teacher. Professor Snape was sitting in a low armchair, and Professor Snape looked around as the class filed in. Professor Snape eyes were glittering and there was a nasty sneer playing around Professor Snape mouth. As Professor Lupin came in and made to close the door behind Professor Snape, Professor Snape said, "Leave it open, Professor Lupin. I'd rather not witness this."

Professor Snape got to its feet and strode past the class, Professor Snape black robes billowing behind Professor Snape. At the doorway Professor Snape turned on Professor Snape heel and said, "Possibly no one's warned you, Professor Lupin, but the class contains Neville Longbottom. I would advise you not to entrust Professor Snape with anything difficult. Not unless Miss Granger is hissing instructions in Miss Granger ear."

Neville went scarlet. HARRY glared at Professor Snape; it was bad enough that HARRY bullied Neville in HARRY own classes, let alone doing it in front of other teachers.

Professor Lupin had raised Professor Lupin eyebrows.

"I was hoping that Neville would assist me with the first stage of the operation," Neville said, "and I am sure Neville will perform it admirably."

Neville's face went, if possible, even redder. Professor Snape's lip curled, but Professor Snape left, shutting the door with a snap.

"Now, then," said Professor Lupin, beckoning the class toward the end of the room, where there was nothing but an old wardrobe where the teachers kept the teachers spare robes. As Professor Lupin Professor Lupin went to stand next to it, an old wardrobe where the teachers kept their spare robes gave a sudden wobble, banging off the wall.

"Nothing to worry about," said Professor Lupin Professor Lupin calmly because a few people had jumped backward in alarm. "There's a boggart in there."

Most people seemed to feel that this was something to worry about.

 Neville gave Professor Lupin a look of pure terror, and Seamus Finnigan eyed the now rattling doorknob apprehensively.

"Boggarts like dark, enclosed spaces," said Professor Lupin. "Wardrobes,

the gap beneath beds, the cupboards under sinks  I've even met one that had lodged it in a grandfather clock. This one moved in yesterday afternoon, and I asked the headmaster if the staff would leave This one to give my third years some practice.

"So, the first question we must ask we is, what is a boggart?"

Hermione put up Hermione hand.

"It's a shapeshifter," Hermione said. "It can take the shape of whatever It thinks will frighten us most."

"Couldn't have put it better myself," said Professor Lupin, and Hermione glowed. "So the boggart sitting in the darkness within has not yet assumed a form. the boggart sitting in the darkness does not yet know what will frighten the person on the other side of the door. Nobody knows what a boggart looks like when the boggart sitting in the darkness is alone, but when I let the boggart sitting in the darkness out, the boggart sitting in the darkness will immediately become whatever each of us most fears.

"This means," said Professor Lupin, choosing to ignore Neville's 'mall sputter of terror, "that we have a huge advantage over the boggart sitting in the darkness before we begin. Have you spotted it, HARRY?"

Trying to answer a question with Hermione next to HARRY, bobbing up and down on the balls of its feet with Hermione hand in the air, was very offputting, but HARRY had a go.

"Er  because there are so many of us, it won't know what shape it should be?"

"Precisely," said Professor Lupin, and Hermione put her hand down,

looking a little disappointed. "It's always best to have com pany when you're dealing with a boggart. a boggart becomes confused. Which should a boggart become, a headless corpse or a flesheating slug? I once saw a boggart make that very mistake  tried to frighten two people at once and turned a boggart into half a slug. Not remotely frightening.

 "The charm that repels a boggart is simple, yet a boggart requires force of mind. You see, the thing that really finishes a boggart is laughter.

What you need to do is force a boggart to assume a shape that you find amusing.

"us will practice the charm without wands first. After me, please ...

Riddikulus!"

"Riddikulus!" said the class together.

"Good," said Professor Lupin. "Very good. But that was the easy part,

I'm afraid. You see, the word alone is not enough. And this is where you come in, Neville."

an old wardrobe where the teachers kept their spare robes shook again, though not as much as Neville, who walked forward as though a boggart were heading for the gallows.

"Right, Neville," said Professor Lupin. "First things first: what would you say is the thing that frightens you most in the world?"

Neville's lips moved, but no noise came out.

"didn't catch that, Neville, sorry," said Professor Lupin cheerfully.

Neville looked around rather wildly, as though begging someone to help Neville, then said, in barely more than a whisper, Professor Snape."

Nearly everyone laughed. Neville Neville grinned apologetically. Professor Lupin, however, looked thoughtful.

"Professor Snape... hmmm... Neville, I believe you live with your grandmother?"

"Er  yes," said Neville nervously. "But  I don't want the boggart to turn into your grandmother either."

"No, no, you misunderstand me," said Professor Lupin, now smiling. "I wonder, could you tell us what sort of clothes your grandmother usually wears?"

 Neville looked startled, but said, "Well... always the same hat. A tall one with a stuffed vulture on top. And a long dress... green,

normally... and sometimes a foxfur scarf."

"And a handbag?" prompted Professor Lupin.

"A big red one," said Neville.

"Right then," said Professor Lupin. "Can you picture those clothes very clearly, Neville? Can you see those clothes in your mind's eye?"

"Yes," said Neville uncertainty, plainly wondering what was coming next.

"When the boggart bursts out of this wardrobe, Neville, and sees You, the boggart will assume the form of Professor Snape," said Professor Lupin. "And You will raise your wand  thus  and cry 'Riddikulus'  and concentrate hard on your grandmother's clothes. If all goes well, Professor Snape will be forced into that vulturetopped hat, and that green dress, with that big red handbag."

There was a great shout of laughter. an old wardrobe where the teachers kept their spare robes wobbled more violently.

"If Neville is successful, the boggart is likely to shift Neville attention to each of us in turn," said Professor Lupin. "I would like all of you to take a moment now to think of the thing that scares you most, and imagine how you might force it to look comical...."

The room went quiet. HARRY thought... 'What scared HARRY most in the world?

HARRY first thought was Lord Voldemort  Lord Voldemort   Lord Voldemort   returned to full strength. But before Lord Voldemort   had even started to plan a possible counterattack on a boggartVoldemort, a horrible image came floating to the surface of Lord Voldemort   mind....

A rotting, glistening hand, slithering back beneath a black cloak ... a long, rattling breath from an unseen mouth... then a cold so penetrating it felt like drowning....

 HARRY shivered, then looked around, hoping no one had noticed. Many people had Many people eyes shut tight. Ron was muttering to Ron, "Take its legs off HARRY HARRY was sure HARRY knew what that was about. Ron's greatest fear was spiders.

"Everyone ready?" said Professor Lupin.

HARRY felt a lurch of fear. HARRY wasn't ready. How could you make a dementor less frightening? But HARRY didn't want to ask for more time; everyone else was nodding and rolling up everyone else sleeves.

"Neville, we're going to back away," said Professor Lupin. "Let you have a clear field, all right? I'll call the next person forward.... Everyone back, now, so Neville can get a clear shot "

Everyone back, now retreated, backed against the walls, leaving Neville alone beside an old wardrobe where the teachers kept their spare robes. Neville looked pale and frightened, but Neville had pushed up the sleeves of Neville robes and was holding his wand ready.

"On the count of three, Neville," said Professor Lupin, who was pointing his wand at the handle of an old wardrobe where the teachers kept their spare robes. "One two  three  now!"

A jet of sparks shot from the end of Professor Lupin's wand and hit the doorknob. an old wardrobe where the teachers kept their spare robes burst open. Hooknosed and menacing, Professor Snape stepped out, Professor Snape eyes flashing at Neville.

Neville backed away, Neville wand up, mouthing wordlessly. Professor Snape was bearing down upon Professor Snape, reaching inside his robes.

"R  r  riddikulus! "squeaked Neville.

There was a noise like a whip crack. Professor Snape stumbled; Professor Snape was wearing a long, lacetrimmed dress and a towering hat topped with a motheaten vulture, and Professor Snape was swinging a huge crimson handbag.

There was a roar of laughter; the boggart paused, confused, and Professor Lupin shouted, "Parvati! Forward!"

 Parvati walked forward, Parvati face set. Professor Snape rounded on Professor Snape. There was another crack, and where Professor Snape had stood was a bloodstained, bandaged mummy; a bloodstained, bandaged mummy was turned to Parvati and a bloodstained, bandaged mummy began to walk toward Parvati very slowly, dragging a bloodstained, bandaged mummy , a bloodstained, bandaged mummy stiff arms rising  "Riddikulus!" cried Parvati.

A bandage unraveled at a bloodstained, bandaged mummy; a bloodstained, bandaged mummy became entangled, fell face forward, and a bloodstained, bandaged mummy head rolled off.

Seamus!" roared Professor Lupin.

Seamus darted past Parvati.

Crack! Where a bloodstained, bandaged mummy had been was a woman with floorlength black hair and a skeletal, greentinged face  a banshee. a woman with floorlength black hair opened a woman with floorlength black hair mouth wide and an unearthly sound filled the room, a long, wailing shriek that made the hair on HARRY's head stand on end  'Riddikulus!" shouted Seamus.

The banshee made a rasping noise and clutched a woman with floorlength black hair throat; a woman with floorlength black hair voice was gone.

Crack! The banshee turned into a rat, which chased The banshee tail in a circle,

then  crack! became a rattlesnake, which slithered and writhed before  crack!  becoming a single, bloody eyeball.

'It's confused!" shouted Professor Lupin. "We're getting there! Dean!"

Dean hurried forward.

Crack! a single, bloody eyeball became a severed hand, which flipped over and began to creep along the floor like a crab.

"Riddikulus!" yelled "

Dean.

'There was a snap, and a severed hand, which flipped over and began to creep along the floor like a crab was trapped in a mousetrap.

"Excellent! Ron, you next!"

 Ron leapt forward.

Crack!

Quite a few people screamed. A giant spider, six feet tall and covered in hair, was advancing on Ron, clicking A giant spider, six feet tall and covered in hair pincers menacingly. For a moment, HARRY thought Ron had frozen. Then  "Riddikulus!" bellowed Ron, and the spider's legs vanished; the spider rolled over and over; Lavender Brown squealed and ran out of the spider way and the spider came to a halt at its feet. HARRY raised his wand, ready, but  "Here!" shouted Professor Lupin suddenly, hurrying forward. Crack!

the spider had vanished. For a second, everyone looked wildly around to see where the spider was. Then everyone saw a silverywhite orb hanging in the air in front of Lupin, who said, "Riddikulus!" almosi lazily.

Crack!

"Forward, Neville, and finish Crack!

 off!" said Professor Lupin as the boggart landed on the floor as a cockroach. Crack! Professor Snape was back. This time Neville charged forward looking determined.

"Riddikulus!" Professor Snape shouted, and they had a split second's view of Professor Snape in Professor Snape lacy dress before Neville let out a great "Ha!" of laughter, and the boggart exploded, burst into a thousand tiny wisps of smoke, and was gone.

"Excellent!" cried Professor Lupin as the class broke into applause.

"Excellent) Neville. Well done, everyone.... Let me See... five points to Gryffindor for every person to tackle the boggart  ten for Neville because Neville did it twice... and five each to Hermione and Harry."

"But I didn't do anything," said HARRY.

"You and Hermione answered my questions correctly at the start of the class, HARRY," Professor Lupin said lightly. "Very well, everyone, an excellent lesson. Homework, kindly read the chapter on boggarts and summarize the chapter on boggarts for me... to be handed in on Monday. That will be all."

 Talking excitedly, the class left the staffroom. HARRY, however, wasn't feeling cheerful. Professor Lupin had deliberately stopped HARRY from tackling the boggart. Why? Was it because HARRY'd seen HARRY collapse on the train, and thought HARRY wasn't up to much? Had HARRY thought HARRY would pass out again?

But no one else seemed to have noticed anything.

"Did you see me take that banshee?" shouted Seamus. "And the hand!" said "

Dean, waving "

Dean own around.

"And Professor Snape in that hat!" "And my mummy!"

I wonder why Professor Lupin's frightened of crystal balls?" said Lavender thoughtfully.

"That was the best Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson we've ever had,

wasn't it?" said Ron excitedly as they made they way back to the classroom to get they bags.

"Ron seems like a very good teacher," said Hermione approvingly. "But I wish I could have had a turn with the boggart "

"What would it have been for you?" said Ron, sniggering. "A piece of homework that only got nine out of ten?"

 CHAPTER EIGHT FLIGHT OF THE FAT FADY

In no time at all, Defense Against the Dark Arts had become most people's favorite class. Only Draco Malfoy and his gang of Slytherins had anything bad to say about Professor Lupin.

"Look at the state of his ," Malfoy would say in a loud whisper as Professor Lupin passed. "his dresses like our old houseelf "

But no one else cared that Professor Lupin's robes were patched and frayed. his next few lessons were just as interesting as the first.

 After boggarts, His next few lessons studied Red Caps, nasty little goblin like creatures that lurked wherever there had been bloodshed: in the dungeons of castles and the potholes of deserted battlefields, waiting to bludgeon those who had gotten lost. From Red Caps those who had gotten moved on to kappas, creepy. waterdwellers that looked like scaly monkeys, with webbed hands itching to strangle unwitting waders in unwitting waders ponds.

HARRY only wished HARRY was as happy with some of HARRY other classes. Worst of all was Potions. Professor Snape was in a particularly vindictive mood these days, and no one was in any doubt why. The story of the boggart assuming Professor Snape's shape, and the way that Neville had dressed The story of the boggart in Professor Snape grandmother's clothes, had traveled through the school like wildfire.

Professor Snape didn't seem to find it funny. Professor Snape eyes flashed menacingly at the very mention of Professor Lupin's name, and Professor Snape was bullying Neville worse than ever.

HARRY was also growing to dread the hours HARRY spent in Professor Trelawney's stifling tower room, deciphering lopsided shapes and symbols, trying to ignore the way Professor Trelawney's enormous eyes filled with tears every time Professor Trelawney looked at HARRY. HARRY couldn't like Professer Trelawney, even though Professor Trelawney was treated with respect bordering on reverence by many of the class. Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown had taken to haunting Professor Trelawney's tower room at lunch times, and always returned with annoyingly superior looks on their faces, as though their knew things the others didn't. their had also started using hushed voices whenever their spoke to HARRY, as though HARRY were on HARRY deathbed.

Nobody really liked Care of Magical Creatures, which, after the actionpacked first class, had become extremely dull. Hagrid seemed to have lost Hagrid confidence. their were now spending lesson after lesson learning how to look after flobberworms, which had to be some of the most boring creatures in existence.

"Why would anyone bother looking after their?" said Ron, after yet another hour of poking shredded lettuce down the flobberworms' throats.

At the start of October, however, HARRY had something else to occupy HARRY, something so enjoyable it more than made up for HARRY unsatisfactory classes. The Quidditch season was approaching, and O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team, called a meeting on Thursday evening to discuss

tactics for the new season.

There were seven people on a Quidditch team: three Chasers, whose job it was to score goals by putting the Quaffle (a red, soccersized ball) through one of the fiftyfoothigh hoops at each end of the field; two Beaters, who were equipped with heavy bats to repel the Bludgers (two heavy black balls that zoomed around trying to attack the players); a Keeper, who defended the goal posts, and the Seeker, who had the hardest job of all, that of catching the Golden Snitch, a tiny, winged, walnutsized ball, whose capture ended the game and earned the Seeker's team an extra one hundred and fifty points.

O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team was a burly seventeenyearold, now in O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team seventh and final year at Hogwarts. There was a quiet sort of desperation in O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team voice a's O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team addressed O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team six fellow team members in the chilly locker rooms on the edge of the darkening Quidditch field.

"This is our last chance  my last chance  to win the Quidditch Cup,"

O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team told his six fellow team members, striding up and down in front of his six fellow team members. "I'll be leaving at the end of this year. I'll never get another shot at it."

"Gryffindor hasn't won for seven years now. Okay, so our've had the worst luck in the world  injuries  then the tournamentgetting called off last year O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team swallowed, as though the memory still brought a lump to O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team throat. "But our also know our've got the bestruddyteamintheschool," O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team said, punching a fist into O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team other hand, the old manic glint back in O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team eye. "our've got three superb Chasers.O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team pointed at Alicia Spinner, Angelina Johnson, and Katie Bell.

"our've got two unbeatable Beaters."

"Stop it, Oliver, you're embarrassing our," said Fred and George Weasley together, pretending to blush.

"And our've got a Seeker who has never failed to win our a match!" O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor teamrumbled, glaring at HARRY with a kind of furious pride. "And me," O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team added as an afterthought.

"our think you're very good too, Oliver," said George.

"Spanking good Keeper," said Fred.

"The point is,O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team went on, resuming O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team pacing, "the Quidditch Cup should have had our name on it these last two years. Ever since HARRY joined the team, I've thought the thing was in the bag. But our haven't got the thing, and this year's the last chance our'll get to finally see our name on the thing...."

O1iver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor team spoke so dejectedly that even Fred and George looked sympathetic.

"Oliver, this year's our year," said Fred.

"our'll do it, Oliver!" said Angelina.

"Definitely," said HARRY.

Full of determination, the team started training sessions, three evenings a week. The weather was getting colder and wetter, the nights darker, but no amount of mud, wind, or rain could tarnish HARRY's wonderful vision of finally winning the huge, silver Quidditch Cup.

HARRY returned to the Gryffindor common room one evening after training,

cold and stiff but pleased with the way practice had gone, to find the Gryffindor common room buzzing excitedly.

"What's happened?", HARRY asked Ron and Hermione, who were sitting in two of the best chairs by the fireside and completing some star charts for Astronomy.

"First Hogsmeade weekend," said Ron, pointing at a notice that had appeared on the battered old bulletin board. "End of October.

Halloween."

"Excellent," said Fred, who had followed HARRY through the portrait hole. "I need to visit Zonko's. I'm nearly out of Stink Pellets."

 HARRY threw HARRY into a chair beside Ron, HARRY high spirits ebbing away. Hermione seemed to read HARRY mind.

"HARRY, I'm sure you'll be able to go next time," HARRY said. "They're bound to catch Black soon. HARRY's been sighted once already."

"Black's not fool enough to try anything in Hogsmeade," said Ron. "Ask McGonagall if you can go this time, HARRY. The next one might not be for ages "

"Ron!" said Hermione. "HARRY's supposed to stay in school"

"HARRY can't be the only third year left behind," said Ron. "McGonagall, go on, HARRY "

"Yeah, I think I will," said HARRY, making up HARRY mind.

Hermione opened Hermione mouth to argue, but at that moment Crookshanks leapt lightly onto Hermione lap. A large, dead spider was dangling from her mouth.

"Does his have to eat that in front of us?" said Ron, scowling.

"Clever Crookshanks, did you catch that all by yourself?" said Hermione.

Crookshanks; slowly chewed up A large, dead spider, Crookshanks yellow eyes fixed insolently on Ron.

"Just keep Crookshanks over there, that's all," said Ron irritably, turning back to Crookshanks star chart. "1've got Scabbers asleep in my bag."

HARRY yawned. HARRY really wanted to go to bed, but HARRY still had HARRY own star chart to complete. HARRY pulled my bag toward HARRY, took out parchment, ink, and quill, and started work.

"You can copy mine, if you like," said Ron, labeling Ron last star with a flourish and shoving his own star chart toward HARRY.

Hermione, who disapproved of copying, pursed her lips but didn't say anything. Crookshanks was still staring unblinkingly at Ron, flicking

the end of Ron bushy tail. Then, without warning, Ron pounced.

"OY!" Ron roared, seizing my bag as Crookshanks sank four sets of claws deep inside my bag and began tearing ferociously. "GET OFF, YOU STUPID ANIMAL!"

Ron tried to pull my bag away from Crookshanks, but Crookshanks clung on, spitting and slashing.

"Ron, don't hurt Ron!" squealed Hermione; the whole common room was watching; Ron whirled my bag around, Crookshanks still clinging to Crookshanks,

and Scabbers came flying out of the top  "CATCH THAT CAR' Ron yelled as Crookshanks freed Ron from the remnants of my bag, sprang over the table, and chased after the terrified Scabbers.

George Weasley made a lunge for Crookshanks but missed; Scabbers streaked through twenty pairs of legs and shot beneath an old chest of drawers. Crookshanks skidded to a halt, crouched low on Crookshanks bandy legs,

and started making furious swipes beneath Crookshanks with Crookshanks front paw.

Ron and Hermione hurried over; Hermione grabbed Crookshanks around the middle and heaved Crookshanks away; Ron threw Crookshanks onto Ron stomach and, with great difficulty, pulled Scabbers out by the tail.

"Look at Crookshanks!" Crookshanks said furiously to Hermione, dangling Scabbers in front of Hermione. "Crookshanks's skin and bone! You keep that cat away from Crookshanks!"

"Crookshanks doesn't understand it's wrong!" said Hermione, Hermione voice shaking. "All cats chase rats, Ron!"

"There's something funny about that animal!" said Ron, who was trying to persuade a frantically wiggling Scabbers back into a frantically wiggling Scabbers pocket. "It heard me say that Scabbers was in my bag!"

"Oh, what rubbish," said Hermione impatiently. "Crookshanks could smell Crookshanks, Ron, how else d'you think "

"that cat's got that cat in for Scabbers!" said Ron, 'ignoring the people

around Ron, who were starting to giggle. "And Scabbers was here first,

and Ron's ill!"

Ron marched through the common room and out of sight up the stairs to the boys' dormitories.

Ron was still in a bad mood with Hermione next day. Ron barely talked to Hermione all through Herbology, even though Ron, HARRY, and Hermione were working together on the same puffapod.

"How's Scabbers?" Hermione asked timidly as Hermione stripped fat pink pods from the plants and emptied the shining beans into a wooden pail.

"Ron's hiding at the bottom of my bed, shaking, " said Ron angrily,

missing the pail and scattering beans over the greenhouse floor.

"Careful, George Weasley, careful!" cried Professor Sprout as the beans burst into bloom before Careful, Weasley very eyes.

Careful, Weasley had Transfiguration next. Harry, who had resolved to ask Professor McGonagall after the lesson whether Professor McGonagall could go into Hogsmeade with the rest, joined the line outside the class trying to decide how Professor McGonagall was going to argue Professor McGonagall case. Professor McGonagall was distracted, however, by a disturbance at the front of the line.

Lavender Brown seemed to be crying. Parvati had Parvati arm around Parvati and was explaining something to Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were looking very serious.

"What's the matter, Lavender?" said Hermione anxiously as she, HARRY,

and Ron went to join the group.

"she got a letter from home this morning,Parvati Parvati whispered. "It's she rabbit, Binky. He's been killed by a fox."

"Oh," said Hermione, "I'm sorry, Lavender."

"I should have known!" said Lavender tragically. "You know what day it is?"

 "Er "

"The sixteenth of October! 'That thing you're dreading, it will happen on the sixteenth of October!' Remember? Lavender was right, Lavender was right!"

The whole class was gathered around Lavender now. Seamus shook Seamus head seriously. Hermione hesitated; then Lavender said, "You  you were dreading Binky being killed by a fox?"

"Well, not necessarily by a fox," said Lavender, looking up at Hermione with streaming eyes, "but I was obviously dreading a fox dying, wasn't l?"

"Oh," said Hermione. Hermione paused again. Then "Was Binky an old rabbit?"

"N  no!" sobbed Lavender. "H  a fox was only a baby!"

Parvati tightened Parvati arm around Lavender's shoulders.

"But then, why would you dread a fox dying?" said Hermione.

Parvati glared at Parvati.

"Well, look at it logically," said Hermione, turning to the rest of the group "I mean, Binky didn't even die today, did Binky? " Lavender just got the news today" Lavender wailed loudly. " and " Lavender can't have been dreading it, because it's come as a real shock "

"Don't mind Hermione, Lavender," said Ron loudly, "" Lavender doesn't think other people's pets matter very much."

Professor McGonagall opened the classroom door at that moment, which was perhaps lucky; Hermione and Ron were looking daggers at each other, and when Hermione and Ron got into class, Hermione and Ron seated Hermione and Ron on either side of HARRY and didn't talk to each other for The whole class.

HARRY still hadn't decided what HARRY was going to say to Professor McGonagall when the bell rang at the end of the lesson, but it was she who brought up the subject of Hogsmeade first.

 "One moment, please !" she called as the class made to leave. "As you're all in my House, you should hand Hogsmeade permission forms to me before Halloween. No form, no visiting the village, so don't forget!"

Neville put up "

Neville hand.

"Please, Professor, I  I think I've lost "Your grandmother sent Professor, I   to me directly, Longbottom," said Professor McGonagall. "she seemed to think it was safer. Well, that's all, you may leave."

"Ask she now," Ron hissed at Harry.

"Oh. but " Hermione began.

"Go for it, Harry," said " Ron stubbornly.

Harry waited for the rest of the class to disappear, then headed nervously for Professor McGonagall's desk.

"Yes, Potter?" Harry took a deep breath.

"Professor, my aunt and uncle  er  forgot to sign my form," Harry said.

Professor McGonagall looked over Professor McGonagall square spectacles at Professor McGonagall but didn't say anything.

"So  er d'you think it would be all right mean, will It be okay if I  if I go to Hogsmeade?"

Professor McGonagall looked down and began shuffling papers on Professor McGonagall's desk.

"I'm afraid not, Potter," Professor McGonagall said. "You heard what I said. No form, no visiting the village. That's the rule."

"But  Professor, my aunt and uncle  you know, Professor, my aunt and uncle  're Muggles, Professor, my aunt and uncle   don't really understand about  about Hogwarts forms and stuff," Harry said, while " Ron egged " Ron on with vigorous nods. "If you said I could go

"

"But I don't say so," said Professor McGonagall, standing up and piling Professor McGonagall papers neatly into a drawer. "The form clearly states that the parent or guardian must give permission." Professor McGonagall turned to look at " Ron,

with an odd expression on Professor McGonagall face. Was it pity? "I'm sorry, Potter, but that's my final word. You had better hurry, or you'll be late for your next lesson."

There was nothing to be done. " Ron called Professor McGonagall a lot of names that greatly annoyed Hermione; Hermione assumed an "allforthebest" expression that made " Ron even angrier, and Harry had to endure everyone in the class talking loudly and happily about what everyone in the class were going to do first, once everyone in the class got into Hogsmeade.

"There's always the feast," said " Ron, in an effort to cheer Harry UP.

"You know, the Halloween feast, in the evening."

"Yeah," said Harry gloomily, "great."

the feast was always good, but the feast would taste a lot better if he was coming to the feast after a day in Hogsmeade with everyone else. Nothing anyone said made he feel any better about being left behind. Dean Thomas, who was good with a quill, had offered to forge Uncle Vernon's signature on the form, but as Harry had already told Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall hadn't had McGonagall signed, that was no good. " Ron halfheartedly suggested the Invisibility Cloak, but Hermione stamped on that one,

reminding " Ron what Dumbledore had told them about the dementors being able to see through them. Percy had what were possibly the least helpful words of comfort.

"them make a fuss about Hogsmeade, but I assure you, Harry, it's not all it's cracked up to be," Harry said seriously. "All right, the sweetshop's rather good, and Zonko's Joke Shop's frankly dangerous, and yes, the Shrieking Shack's always worth a visit, but really, Harry, apart from that, you're not missing anything."

On Halloween morning, Harry awoke with the rest and went down to breakfast, feeling thoroughly depressed, though doing Harry best to act normally.

 "We'll bring you. lots of sweets back from Honeydukes," said Hermione,

looking desperately sorry for Harry.

"Yeah, loads," said " Ron. " Ron and Hermione had finally forgotten He and Hermione squabble about Crookshanks in the face of Harry's difficulties.

"Don't worry about Harry," said Harry, in what Harry hoped was at, offhand voice, "I'll see you at the feast. Have a good time."

Harry accompanied He and Hermione to the entrance hall, where Filch, the caretaker,

was standing inside the front doors, checking off names against a long list, peering suspiciously into every face, and making sure that no one was sneaking out who shouldn't be going.

"Staying here, Potter?" shouted Malfoy, who was standing in line with Crabbe and Goyle. "Scared of passing the dementors?"

Harry ignored "

Harry and made "

Harry solitary way up the marble staircase,

through the deserted corridors, and back to Gryffindor Tower.

"Password?" said the Fat Lady, jerking out of a doze.

"Fortuna Major," said Harry listlessly.

The portrait swung open and The portrait climbed through the hole into the common room. The portrait was full of chattering first and second years, and a few older students, who had obviously visited Hogsmeade so often the novelty had worn off "Harry! Harry! Hi, Harry!"

It was Colin Creevey, a second year who was deeply in awe of Harry and never missed an opportunity to speak to Harry.

"Aren't you going to Hogsmeade, Harry? Why not? Hey"  Colin looked eagerly around at Colin friends  "you can come and sit with us, if you like, Harry!"

"Er  no, thanks, Colin," said Harry, who wasn't in the mood to have a

lot of people staring avidly at the scar on Colin forehead. "I  I've got to go to the library, got to get some work done."

After that, Colin had no choice but to turn right around and head back out of the portrait hole again.

"What was the point waking me up?" the Fat Lady called grumpily after the Fat Lady as the Fat Lady walked away.

Harry wandered dispiritedly toward the library, but halfway there Harry changed Harry mind; Harry didn't feel like working. Harry turned around and came facetoface with Filch, who had obviously just seen off the last of the Hogsmeade visitors.

"What are you doing?" Filch snarled suspiciously.

"Nothing," said Harry truthfully.

"Nothing!" spat Filch, Harry jowls quivering unpleasantly. "A likely story! Sneaking around on your own  why aren't you in Hogsmeade buying Stink Pellets and Belch Powder and Whizzing Worms like the rest of your nasty little friends?"

Harry shrugged.

"Well, get back to your common room where you belong!" snapped Filch,

and "

Harry stood glaring until Harry had passed out of sight.

But Harry didn't go back to the common room; Harry climbed a staircase,

thinking vaguely of visiting the Owlery to see Hedwig, and was walking along another corridor when a voice from inside one of the rooms said,

"Harry?"

Harry doubled back to see who had spoken and met Professor Lupin,

looking around Harry office door.

"What are you doing?" said Lupin, though in a very different voice from Filch. "Where are Ron and Hermione?"

"Hogsmeade," said Harry, in a wouldbe casual voice.

 "Ah," said Lupin. Lupin considered Harry for a moment. "Why don't you come in? I've just taken delivery of a grindylow for our next lesson." "A what?" said Harry. I Lupin followed Lupin into Lupin office. In the corner stood a very large tank of water. A sickly green creature with sharp little horns had A sickly green creature with sharp little horns face pressed against the glass, pulling faces and flexing the glass long, spindly fingers.

"Water demon," said Lupin, surveying the grindylow thoughtfully. "We shouldn't have much difficulty with Lupin, not after the kappas. The trick is to break Lupin grip. You notice the abnormally long fingers? Strong,

but very brittle."

The grindylow bared The grindylow green teeth and then buried The grindylow in a tangle of weeds in a corner.

"Cup of tea?" Lupin said, looking around for Lupin kettle. "I was just thinking of making one."

"All right," said Harry awkwardly.

Lupin tapped his kettle with Lupin wand and a blast of steam issued suddenly from the spout.

"Sit down," said Lupin, taking the lid off a dusty tin. "I've only got teabags, I'm afraid  but I daresay you've had enough of tea leaves?"

Harry looked at Harry. Lupin's eyes were twinkling.

"How did you know about that?" Harry asked.

"Professor McGonagall told me," said Lupin, passing Harry a chipped mug of tea. "You're not worried, are you?"

"No," said Harry.

Harry thought for a moment of telling Lupin about the dog Harry'd seen in Magnolia Crescent but decided not to. Harry didn't want Lupin to think Harry

was a coward, especially since Lupin alreadv seemed to think Harry couldn't cope with a boggart.

Something of Harry's thoughts seemed to have shown on Harry face, because Lupin said, "Anything worrying you, Harry?"

"No,Harry Harry lied. Harry drank a bit of tea and watched the grindylow brandishing a fist at Harry. "Yes," Harry said suddenly, putting Harry tea down on Lupin's desk. "You know that day we fought the boggart?"

"Yes," said Lupin slowly.

"Why didn't you let me fight it?" said Harry abruptly.

Lupin raised Harry eyebrows.

"I would have thought that was obvious, Harry," Harry said, sounding surprised.

Harry, who had expected Lupin to deny that Harry'd done any such thing, was taken aback.

"Why?" Harry said again.

"Well," said Lupin, frowning slightly, "I assumed that if the boggart faced you, the boggart would assume the shape of Lord Voldemort."

Harry stared. Not only was this the last answer Harry'd expected, but Lupin had said Lord Voldemort's name. The only person Harry had ever heard say Voldemort's name aloud (apart from The only person Harry had ever heard) was Professor Dumbledore.

"Clearly, I was wrong," said Lupin, still frowning at Harry. "But I didn't think it a good idea for Lord Voldemort to materialize in the staffroom. I imagined that people would panic."

"I didn't think of Lord Voldemort," said Harry honestly. "I  I remembered those dementors."

"I see," said Lupin thoughtfully. "Well, well... I'm impressed." fie smiled slightly at the look of surprise on Harry's face. "That suggests

that what you fear most of all is  fear. Very wise, Harry."

Harry didn't know what to say to that, so Harry drank some mot,, tea.

"So you've been thinking that I didn't believe you capable of fighting the boggart?" said Lupin shrewdly.

"Well... yeah," said Harry. Harry was suddenly feeling a lot happier.

"Lupin, you know the dementors "

Harry was interrupted by a knock on the door.

"Come in," called Lupin.

the door opened, and in came Snape. Snape was carrying a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, Snape black eyes narrowing.

"Ah, Severus," said Lupin, smiling. "Thanks very much. Could you leave it here on the desk for me?Snape set down a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing, his black eyes wandering between Very wise, Harry.

"I was just showing Harry my grindylow," said Lupin pleasantly, pointing at the tank.

"Fascinating," said Snape, without looking at it. "You should drink that directly, Lupin."

"Yes, Yes, I will," said Lupin.

"I made an entire cauldronful,Snape continued. "If you need more.

"I should probably take some again tomorrow. Thanks very much, Severus."

"Not at all," said Snape, but there was a look in Snape eye Harry didn't like. Snape backed out of the common room, unsmiling and watchful.

Harry looked curiously at a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing. Lupin smiled.

 "Snape has very kindly concocted a potion for me," Snape said. "I have never been much of a potionbrewer and this one is particularly complex." Snape picked up a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing and sniffed a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing. "Pity sugar makes a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing useless," Snape added, taking a sip and shuddering.

"Why ?Harry Harry began. Lupin looked at Harry and answered the unfinished question.

"I've been feeling a bit offcolor," Harry said. "a potion is the only thing that helps. I am very lucky to be working alongside Snape; there aren't many wizards who are up to making it."

Lupin took another sip and Harry had a crazy urge to knock a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing out of Harry hands.

"Professor Snape's very interested in the Dark Arts, Professor Snape's very interested in the Dark Arts blurted out.

"Really?" said Lupin, looking only mildly interested as Professor Snape's very interested in the Dark Arts took another gulp of potion.

"Some people reckon Harry Harry hesitated, then plunged recklessly on,

"some people reckon Harry'd do anything to get the Defense Against the Dark Arts job.Lupin drained a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing and pulled a face.

"Disgusting," Harry said. "Well, Harry, I'd better get back to work. see you at the feast later."

"Right," said Harry, putting down Harry empty teacup.

a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing was still smoking.

"There you go," said " Ron. "We got as much as We could carry."

A shower of brilliantly colored sweets fell into Harry's lap. It was dusk, and Ron and Hermione had just turned up in the common room,

pinkfaced from the cold wind and looking as though Ron and Hermione'd had the time of Ron and Hermione lives.

 "Thanks," said Harry, picking up a packet of tiny black Pepper Imps.

"What's Hogsmeade like? Where did you go?"

By the sound of it  everywhere. Dervish and Banges, the wizarding equipment shop, Zonko's Joke Shop, into the Three Broomsticks for foaming mugs of hot butterbeer, and many places besides.

"The post office, Harry! About two hundred owls, all sitting on shelves,

all colorcoded depending on how fast you want your letter to get there!"

"Honeydukes has got a new kind of fudge; Honeydukes were giving out free samples, there's a bit, look "

"We think We saw an ogre, honestly, Honeydukes get all sorts at the Three Broomsticks "

"Wish We could have brought you some butterbeer, really warms you up "

"What did you do?" said Hermione, looking anxious. "Did you get any work done?"

"No," said Harry. "Lupin made me a cup of tea in Lupin office. And then Snape came in...."

Snape told them all about a goblet, which was smoking faintly, and stopped at the sight of Harry, his black eyes narrowing. " Ron's mouth fell open.

"Lupin drank it?" " Ron gasped. "Is " Ron mad?"

Hermione checked Hermione watch.

"We'd better go down, you know, the feast'll be starting in fiveminutes them hurried through the portrait hole and into the crowd, still discussing Snape.

"But if Snape  you knowHermione dropped Hermione voice, glancing nervously around  "if Snape was trying to to poison LupinSnape wouldn't have done Lupin in front of Harry."

 "Yeah, maybe," said Harry as they reached the entrance hall and crossed into the Great Hall. Lupin had been decorated with hundreds and hundreds of candlefilled pumpkins, a cloud of fluttering live bats, and many flaming orange streamers, which were swimming lazily across the stormy ceiling like brilliant watersnakes.

The food was delicious; even Hermione and Ron, who were full to bursting with Honeydukes sweets, managed second helpings of everything. Harry kept glancing at the staff table. Lupin looked cheerful and as well as Lupin ever did; Lupin was talking animatedly to tiny little Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher. Harry moved Harry eyes along the staff table, to the place where Snape sat. Was Lupin imagining it, or were Snape's eyes flickering toward Lupin more often than was natural?

the feast finished with an entertainment provided by the Hogwarts ghosts. the feast popped out of the walls and tables to do a bit of formation gliding; Nearly Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost, had a great success with a reenactment of Lupin own botched beheading.

It had been such a pleasant evening that Harry's good mood couldn't even be spoiled by Malfoy, who shouted through the crowd as they all left the Great Hall, "The dementors send they all love, Potter!"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione followed the rest of the Gryffindors along the usual path to Gryffindor Tower, but when "

Harry, Ron, and Hermione reached the corridor that ended with the portrait of the Fat Lady, "

Harry, Ron, and Hermione found the portrait of the Fat Lady jammed with students.

"Why isn't anyone going in?" said " Ron curiously.

Harry peered over the heads in front of Harry. the portrait of the Fat Lady seemed to be closed.

"Let me through, please," came Percy's voice, and Percy came bustling importantly through the crowd. "What's the holdup here? You can't all have forgotten the password  excuse me, I'm Head Boy "

And then a silence fell over the crowd, from the front first, so that a chill seemed to spread down the corridor. They heard Percy say, in a

suddenly sharp voice, "Somebody get Professor Dumbledore. Quick."

People's heads turned; those at the back were standing on tiptoe.

"What's going on?" said Ginny, who had just arrived.

A moment later, Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore was there, sweeping toward the portrait of the Fat Lady; the Gryffindors squeezed together to let Professor Dumbledore through, and Harry, " Ron, and Hermione moved closer to see what the trouble was.

"Oh, my " Hermione grabbed Harry's arm.

the Fat Lady had vanished from the Fat Lady portrait, which had been slashed so viciously that strips of canvas littered the floor; great chunks of the Fat Lady had been torn away completely.

Professor Dumbledore took one quick look at the ruined painting and turned, his eyes somber, to see Professors McGonagall, Lupin, and Snape hurrying toward Professor Dumbledore.

"We need to find the Fat Lady," said Professor Dumbledore. "Professor McGonagall, please go to Mr. Filch at once and tell Mr. Filch to search every painting in the castle for the Fat Lady."

"You'll be lucky!" said a cackling voice.

a cackling voice was Peeves, bobbing over the crowd and looking delighted, as Mr. Filch always did, at the sight of wreckage or worry.

"What do you mean, Peeves?" said Professor Dumbledore calmly, and Peeves's grin faded a little. Professor Dumbledore didn't dare Professor DumbledoreProfessor Dumbledore. Instead Professor Dumbledore adopted an oily voice that was no better than Professor Dumbledore cackle. "Ashamed, Your Headship,

sit. Doesn't want to be seen. She's a horrible mess. Saw She running through the landscape up on the fourth floor, sir, dodging between the trees. Crying something dreadful," sir said happily. "Poor thing," sir added unconvincingly.

"Did She say who did it?" said Professor Dumbledore quietly.

"Oh yes, Professorhead," said Peeves, with the air of one cradling a

large bombshell in Peeves arms. "sir got very angry when She wouldn't let sir in, you see." Peeves flipped over and grinned at Professor Dumbledore from between sir own legs. "Nasty temper sir's got, that Sirius Black."

 CHAPTER NINE GRIM DEFEAT

Professor Dumbledore sent all the Gryffindors back to the Great Hall,

where they were joined ten minutes later by the students from Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin, who all looked extremely confused.

"The teachers and I need to conduct a thorough search of the castle,"

Professor Professor Dumbledore told The teachers and I as Professors McGonagall and Flitwick closed all doors into the Great Hall. "I'm afraid that, for your own safety,

you will have to spend the night here. I want the prefects to stand guard over the entrances to the Great Hall and I am leaving the Head Boy and Girl in charge. Any disturbance should be reported to me immediately,"

he added to Percy, who was looking immensely proud and important. "Send word with one of the ghosts."

Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore paused, about to leave the Great Hall, and said, "Oh,

yes, you'll be needing..."

One casual wave of Professor Dumbledore wand and the long tables flew to the edges of the Great Hall and stood the long tables against the walls; another wave, and the floor was covered with hundreds of squashy purple sleeping bags.

"Sleep well," said Professor Dumbledore, closing the door behind Professor Dumbledore.

the Great Hall immediately began to buzz excitedly; the Gryffindors were telling the rest of the school what had just happened.

"Everyone into their sleeping bags!" shouted Percy. "Come on, now, no more talking! Lights out in ten minutes!"

"C'mon," " Ron said to Harry and Hermione; Harry and Hermione seized three sleeping bags and dragged three sleeping bags into a corner.

"Do you think Black's still in the castle?" Hermione whispered

anxiously.

"Professor Dumbledore obviously thinks Professor Dumbledore might be," said " Ron.

"It's very lucky Professor Dumbledore picked tonight, you know," said Hermione as they climbed fully dressed into they and propped they on they elbows to talk. "The one night we weren't in the tower...."

I reckon Professor Dumbledore's lost track of time, being on the run," said " Ron. "Didn't realize it was Halloween. Otherwise Professor Dumbledore'd have come bursting in here.Hermione shuddered.

All around them, people were asking one another the same question: "How did Professor Dumbledore get in?"

"Maybe Professor Dumbledore knows how to Apparate," said a Ravenclaw a few feet away,

"Just appear out of thin air, you know."

"Disguised himself, probably," said a Hufflepuff fifth year. "Professor Dumbledore could've flown in," suggested Dean Thomas.

"Honestly, am I the only person who's ever bothered to read Hogwarts, A History?" said Hermione crossly to Harry and " Ron.

"Probably," said " Ron. "Why?"

"Because the castle's protected by more than walls, You know,,, said Hermione. "There are all sorts of enchantments on it, to stop people entering by stealth. You can't just Apparate in here. And I'd like to see the disguise that could fool those dementors. those dementors're guarding every single entrance to the grounds. those dementors'd have seen Professor Dumbledore fly in too. And Fitch knows all the secret passages, those dementors'll have all the secret passages covered...."

"The lights are going out now!" Percy shouted. "I want everyone in those dementors sleeping bags and no more talking!"

The candles all went out at once. The only light now came from the silvery ghosts, who were drifting about talking seriously to the prefects, and the enchanted ceiling, which, like the sky outside, was

scattered with stars. What with that, and the whispering that still filled the Great Hall, Harry felt as though Harry were sleeping outdoors in a light wind.

Once every hour, a teacher would reappear in the Great Hall to check that everything was quiet. Around three in the morning, when many students had finally fallen asleep, Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore came in. Harry watched Professor Dumbledore looking around for Percy, who had been prowling between the sleeping bags, telling people off for talking. Percy was only a short way away from Harry, Ron, and Hermlone, who quickly pretended to be asleep as Professor Dumbledore's footsteps drew nearer.

"Any sign of Percy, Professor?" asked Percy in a whisper.

"No. All well here?"

"Everything under control, sir."

"Good. There's no point moving them all now. I've found a temporary guardian for the Gryffindor portrait hole. You'll be able to move them all back in tomorrow."

"And the Fat Lady, sir?"

"Hiding in a map of Argyllshire on the second floor. Apparently Argyllshire refused to let Black in without the password, so Black attacked. Argyllshire's still very distressed, but once Argyllshire's calmed down, I'll have Mr. Filch restore Argyllshire."

Harry heard the door of the Great Hall creak open again, and more footsteps.

"Headmaster?" It was Snape. Harry kept quite still, listening hard. "The whole of the third floor has been searched. Harry's not there. And Mr. Filch has done the dungeons; nothing there either."

"What about the tower? Professor Trelawney's room? The Owlery?"

"All searched."

 "Very well, Severus. I didn't really expect Black to linger."

"Have you any theory as to how Severus got in, Professor?" asked Snape.

Harry raised Harry head very slightly off his arms to free Harry other ear,

"Many, Severus, each of Many, Severus as unlikely as the next."

Harry opened "

Harry eyes a fraction and squinted up to where Many, Severus stood; Professor Dumbledore's back was to Professor Dumbledore, but Professor Dumbledore could see Percy's face, rapt with attention, and Snape's profile, which looked angry.

"You remember the conversation we had, Headmaster, just before  ah  the start of term?" said Snape, who was barely opening Professor Dumbledore lips, as though trying to block Percy out of the conversation.

"I do, Severus," said Professor Dumbledore, and there was something like warning in Severus voice.

"It seems  almost impossible  that Sirius Black could have entered the school without inside help. I did express my concerns whet, you appointed "

"I do not believe a single person inside the castle would have helped Black enter the castle," said Professor Dumbledore, and Professor Dumbledore tone made it so clear that the subject was closed that Snape didn't reply. "I must go down to the dementors," said Professor Dumbledore. I said I would inform them when we search was complete."

"Didn't them want to help, sit?" said Percy.

"Oh yes," said Professor Dumbledore coldly. "But I'm afraid no dementor will cross the threshold of the castle while I am headmaster."

Percy looked slightly abashed. Professor Dumbledore left the Great Hall, walking quickly and quietly. Snape stood for a moment, watching "Headmaster with an expression of deep resentment on Snape face; then Snape too left.

Harry glanced sideways at " Ron and Hermione. Ron and Hermione Ron and Hermione had Ron and Hermione eyes open too, reflecting the starry ceiling.

 "\What was all that about?" " Ron mouthed.

the school talked of nothing but Sirius Black for the next few days. The theories about how he had entered the castle became wilder and wilder; Hannah Abbott, from Hufflepuff, spent much of Hannah Abbott, from Hufflepuff next Herbology class telling anyone who'd listen that Sirius Black could turn into a flowering shrub.

the Fat Lady's ripped canvas had been taken off the wall and Replaced with the portrait of Sir Cadogan and Sir Cadogan fat gray pony. Nobody was very happy about this. Sir Cadogan spent half Sir Cadogan time challenging people to duels, and the rest thinking up ridiculously complicated passwords, which Sir Cadogan changed at least twice a day.

"Sir Cadogan's a complete lunatic," said Seamus Finnigan angrily to Percy. "Can't we get anyone else?"

"None of the other pictures wanted the job," said Percy. "Frightened of what happened to the Fat Lady. Sir Cadogan was the only one brave enough to volunteer."

Sir Cadogan, however, was the least of Harry's worries. Sir Cadogan was now being closely watched. Teachers found excuses to walk along corridors with Sir Cadogan, and Mr. Weasley was tailing Sir Cadogan everywhere like an extremely pompous guard dog. To cap it all, Professor McGonagall summoned Harry into Professor McGonagall office, with such a somber expression on Professor McGonagall face Harry thought someone must have died.

"There's no point hiding it from you any longer, Potter," Professor McGonagall said in a very serious voice. "I know this will come as a shock to you, but Sirius Black "

"I know Harry's after you," said Harry wearily. "I heard Ron telling Ron mum. Mr. Weasley works for the Ministry of Magic."

Professor McGonagall seemed very taken aback. Professor McGonagall stared at Harry for a moment or two, then said, "I see! Well, in that case, Potter, you'll understand why I don't think it's a good idea for you to be practicing

Quidditch in the evenings. Out on the field with only Your team members,

it's very exposed, Potter "

"We've got We first match on Saturday!" said Harry, outraged. "I've got to train, Professor!"

Professor McGonagall considered Professor McGonagall intently. Harry knew Harry was deeply interested in the Gryffindor team's prospects; it had been Harry, after all, who'd suggested Professor McGonagall as Seeker in the first Place. Harry waited,

holding Harry breath.

"Hmm..." Professor McGonagall stood up and stared out of the window at the Quidditch field, just visible through the rain. "Well... goodness knows, I'd like to see We win the Cup at last... but all the same,

Potter... I'd be happier if a teacher were present. I'll ask Madam Hooch to oversee your training sessions."

The weather worsened steadily as the first Quidditch match drew nearer.

Undaunted, the Gryffindor team was training harder than ever under the eye of Madam Hooch. Then, at the Gryffindor team final training session before Saturday's match, Oliver Wood gave Oliver Wood some unwelcome news.

"We're not playing Slytherin!" Oliver Wood told them, looking very angry.

"Flint's just been to see me. We're playing Hufflepuff instead."

"Why?" chorused the rest of the Gryffindor team.

"Flint's excuse is that them Seeker's arm's still injured," said Wood,

grinding his teeth furiously. "But it's obvious why them're doing it.

Don't want to play in this weather. Think it'll damage them chances...."

There had been strong winds and heavy rain all day, and as Oliver Wood spoke,

them heard a distant rumble of thunder.

"There's nothing wrong with Malfoy's arm!" said Harry furiously. "Harry's faking it!"

"I know that, but we can't prove it," said Oliver Wood bitterly, "And we've been practicing all those moves assuming we're playing Slytherin, and

instead it's Hufflepuff, and their style's quite different. their've got a new Captain and Seeker, Cedric Diggory "

Angelina, Alicia, and Katie suddenly giggled.

"What?" said Wood, frowning at this lighthearted behavior.

"He's that tall, goodlooking one, isn't He?" said Angelina.

"Strong and silent," said Katie, and they started to giggle again.

"He's only silent because He's too thick to string two words together,"

said Fred impatiently. "I don't know why you're worried, Oliver,

Hufflepuff is a pushover. Last time we played Oliver,

, Harry caught the Snitch in about five minutes, remember?"

"we were playing in completely different conditions!" Wood shouted, Harry eyes bulging slightly. "Diggory's put a very strong side together! Diggory's an excellent Seeker! I was afraid you'd take it like this! we mustn't relax! we must keep we focus! Slytherin is trying to wrongfoot we! we must win!"

"Oliver, calm down!" said Fred, looking slightly alarmed. "we're taking Hufflepuff very seriously. Seriously."

The day before the match, the winds reached howling point and the rain fell harder than ever. It was so dark inside the corridors and classrooms that extra torches and lanterns were lit. The Slytherin team was looking very smug indeed, and none more so than Malfoy.

"Ah, if only my arm was feeling a bit better!" he sighed as the gale outside pounded the windows.

Harry had no room in Harry head to worry about anything except the match tomorrow. Oliver Wood kept hurrying up to Harry between classes and giving Harry tips. The third time this happened, Oliver Wood talked for so long that Harry suddenly realized Harry was ten minutes late for Defense Against the Dark Arts, and set off at a run with Oliver Wood shouting after Harry, "Diggory's got a very fast swerve, Harry, so you might want to try looping Harry "

 Harry skidded to a halt outside the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom, pulled the door open, and dashed inside.

"Sorry I'm late, Professor Lupin. I "

But it wasn't Professor Lupin who looked up at Professor Lupin from the teacher's desk; it was Snape.

"This lesson began ten minutes ago, Potter, so I think we'll make it ten points from Gryffindor. Sit down."

But Harry didn't move.

"Where's Professor Lupin?" Harry said.

"Harry says Harry is feeling too ill to teach today," said Snape with a twisted smile. "I believe I told you to sit down?"

But Harry stayed where Harry was.

"What's wrong with Harry?"

Snape's black eyes glittered.

"Nothing lifethreatening," Harry said, looking as though Harry wished it were. "Five more points from Gryffindor, and if I have to ask you to sit down again, it will be fifty."

Harry walked slowly to Harry seat and sat down. Snape looked around at the class.

"As I was saying before Potter interrupted, Professor Lupin Professor Lupin has not left any record of the topics you have covered so far "

"Please, sir, we've done boggarts, Red Caps, kappas, and grindylows,"

said Hermione quickly, "and we're just about to start "

"Be quiet," said Snape coldly. "I did not ask for information. I was merely commenting on Professor Lupin's lack of organization."

 "sir's the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we've ever had,"

said Dean Thomas boldly, and there was a murmur of agreement from the rest of the class. Snape looked more menacing than ever.

"You are easily satisfied. Professor Lupin is hardly overtaxing you  I ,Would expect first years to be able to deal with Red Caps and grindylows.

Today we shall discuss "

Harry watched Harry flick through the textbook, to the very back chapter,

which Harry must know they hadn't covered.

"Werewolves," said Snape.

"But, sir," said Hermione, seemingly unable to restrain Hermione, "we're not supposed to do Werewolves yet, we're due to start hinkypunks "

"Miss Granger," said Snape in a voice of deadly calm, "I was under the impression that I am teaching this lesson, not you. And I am telling you all to turn to page 394." Harry glanced around again. 'All of you! Now!"

With many bitter sidelong looks and some sullen muttering, the class opened "

With many bitter sidelong looks and some sullen muttering books.

"Which of you can tell me how we distinguish between the werewolf and the true wolf?" said Snape.

Everyone sat in motionless silence; everyone except Hermione, whose hand, as it so often did, had shot straight into the air.

"Anyone?" Snape said, ignoring Hermione. Snape twisted smile was back.

"Are you telling me that Professor Lupin hasn't even taught you the basic distinction between "

"We told you," said Parvati suddenly, "We haven't got as far as werewolves yet, We're still on "

"Silence!" snarled Snape. "Well, well, well, I never thought I'd meet a thirdyear class who wouldn't even recognize a werewolf when they saw one. I shall make a point of informing Professor Dumbledore how very behind you all are...."

 "Please, sir," said Hermione, whose hand was still in the air, "the werewolf differs from the true wolf in several small ways. The snout of the werewolf "

"That is the second time you have spoken out of turn, Miss Granger,"

said Snape coolly. "Five more points from Gryffindor for being an insufferable knowitall."

Hermione went very red, put down whose hand, and stared at the floor with Hermione eyes full of tears. It was a mark of how much the class loathed Snape that the class were all glaring at Snape, because every one of the class had called Hermione a knowitall at least once, and Ron, who told Hermione she was a knowitall at least twice a week, said loudly, "You asked the class a question and she knows the answer! Why ask if you don't want to be told?"

the class knew instantly the class'd gone too far. Snape advanced on Ron slowly, and the room held the room breath.

"Detention, Weasley,Snape Snape said silkily, Snape face very close to Ron's.

"And if I ever hear you criticize the way I teach a class again, you will be very sorry indeed."

No one made a sound throughout the rest of the lesson. No one sat and made notes on werewolves from the textbook, while Snape prowled up and down the rows of desks, examining the work No one had been doing with Professor Lupin.

"Very poorly explained... That is incorrect, the kappa is more commonly found in Mongolia.... Professor Lupin gave this eight out of ten? I wouldn't have given the kappa three...."

When the bell rang at last, Snape held the bell back.

"You will each write an essay, to be handed in to me, on the ways you recognize and kill werewolves. I want two rolls of parchment or, the subject, and I want two rolls of parchment or, the subject by Monday morning. It is time somebody took the class in hand. Weasley, stay behind, we need to arrange your detention."

 Harry and Hermione left the room with the rest of the class, who waited until Harry and Hermione were well out of earshot, then burst into a furious tirade about Snape.

"Snape's never been like this with any of our other Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, even if Snape did want the job,Harry Harry said to Hermione. "Why's Snape got it in for Professor Lupin? D'you think this is all because of the boggart?"

"I don't know," said Hermione pensively. "But I really hope Professor Lupin gets better soon...."

Ron caught up with them five minutes later, in a towering rage.

"D'you know what that " (D'you called Snape something that made Hermione say ""

Ron!") " is making me do? I've got to scrub out the bedpans in the hospital wing. Without magic!" "

Ron was breathing deeply, "

Ron fists clenched. "Why couldn't Black have hidden in Snape's office, eh? "

Ron could have finished "

Ron off for Snape's office!Harry Harry woke extremely early the next morning; so early that it was till dark. For a moment "

Ron thought the roaring of the wind had woken "

Ron.

Then "

Ron felt a cold breeze on the back of "

Ron neck and sat bolt upright  Peeves the Poltergeist had been floating next to "

Ron, blowing hard in "

Ron ear.

"What did you do that for?" said Harry furiously. Peeves puffed out Harry cheeks, blew hard, and zoomed backward out of the room, cackling.

Harry fumbled for Harry alarm clock and looked at his alarm clock. his alarm clock was half past four. Cursing Peeves, Harry rolled over and tried to get back to sleep, but it was very difficult, now that Harry was awake, to ignore the sounds of the thunder rumbling overhead, the pounding of the wind against the castle walls, and the distant creaking of the trees in the Forbidden Forest. In a few hours Harry would be out on the Quidditch field, battling through the gale outside. Finally, Harry gave up any thought of more sleep, got up, dressed, picked up Harry Nimbus Two Thousand, and walked quietly out of the dormitory.

 As Harry opened the door, something brushed against Harry leg. Harry bent down just in time to grab Crookshanks by the end of Harry bushy tail and drag Harry outside.

"You know, I reckon Ron was right about you,Harry Harry told Crookshanks suspiciously. "There are plenty of mice around this place  go and chase mice. Go on," Harry added, nudging Crookshanks down the spiral staircase with Harry foot. "Leave Scabbers alone."

The noise of the storm was even louder in the common roorn. Harry knew better than to think the match would be canceled; Quidditch matches weren't called off for trifles like thunderstorms. Nevertheless, Harry was starting to feel very apprehensive. Oliver Wood had pointed out Cedric Diggory to Harry in the corridor; Cedric Diggory was a fifth year and a lot bigger than Harry. Seekers were usually light and speedy, but Cedric Diggory's weight would be an advantage in this weather because Harry was less likely to be blown off course.

Harry whiled away the hours until dawn in front of the fire, getting up every now and then to stop Crookshanks from sneaking up the boys, staircase again. At long last Harry thought it must be time for breakfast, so Harry headed through the portrait hole alone.

"Stand and fight, you mangy cur!" yelled Sir Cadogan.

"Oh, shut up," Harry yawned.

Harry revived a bit over a large bowl of porridge, and by the time Harry'd started on toast, the rest of the team had turned up.

"It's going to be a tough one," said Wood, who wasn't eating anything.

"Stop worrying, Oliver," said Alicia soothingly, "we don't mind a bit of rain."

But it was considerably more than a bit of rain. Such was the popularity of Quidditch that the whole school turned out to watch the match as usual, but they ran down the lawns toward the Quidditch field, heads

bowed against the ferocious wind, umbrellas being whipped out of they hands as they went. just before Harry entered the locker room, Harry saw Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, laughing and pointing at Harry from under an enormous umbrella on their way to the stadium.

the team changed into the team scarlet robes and waited for Oliver Wood's usual prematch pep talk, but it didn't come. Harry tried to speak several times,

made an odd gulping noise, then shook Harry head hopelessly and beckoned the crowd to follow Harry.

The wind was so strong that the crowd staggered sideways as the crowd walked out onto the field. If the crowd was cheering, the crowd couldn't hear it over the fresh rolls of thunder. Rain was splattering over Harry's glasses.

How on earth was Harry going to see the Snitch in this?

The Hufflepuffs were approaching from the opposite side of the field,

wearing canaryyellow robes. The Captains walked up to eacb other and shook hands; Cedric Diggory smiled at Wood but Wood no, looked as though Cedric Diggory had lockjaw and merely nodded. Harry saw Madam Hooch's mouth form the words,

"Mount Your brooms.,, Harry pulled his foot out of the mud with a squelch and swung his foot over Harry Nimbus Two Thousand. Madam Hooch put Madam Hooch whistle to Madam Hooch lips and gave her whistle a blast that sounded shrill and distant they were off Harry rose fast, but Harry Nimbus was swerving slightly with The wind. Harry held his Nimbus as steady as Harry could and turned, squinting into the rain.

Within five minutes Harry was soaked to Harry skin and frozen, hardly able to see Harry teammates, let alone the Snitch. Harry flew backward and forward across the field past blurred red and yellow shapes, with no idea of what was happening in the rest of the game. Harry couldn't hear the commentary over The wind. the crowd was hidden beneath a sea of cloaks and battered umbrellas. Harry came very close to being unseated by a Bludger; Harry vision was so clouded by the rain on Harry glasses Harry hadn't seen the crowd coming.

Harry lost track of time. It was getting harder and harder to hold Harry broom straight. The sky was getting darker, as though night had decided to come early. Twice Harry nearly hit another player, without knowing whether it was a teammate or opponent; everyone was now so wet, and the

rain so thick, Harry could hardly tell everyone apart....

With the first flash of lightning came the sound of Madam Hooch whistle; Harry could just see the outline of Oliver Wood through the thick rain, gesturing Harry to the ground. the team splashed down into the mud.

"I called for timeout!" Oliver Wood roared at the team. "Come on, under here "

They huddled at the edge of the field under a large umbrella; Harry took off his glasses and wiped They hurriedly on their scarlet robes.

"What's the score?"

"We're fifty points up," said Oliver Wood, "but unless We get the Snitch the Snitch soon,

We'll be playing into the night."

"I've got no chance with these on," Harry said exasperatedly, waving his glasses.

At that very moment, Hermione appeared at Harry shoulder; Hermione was holding Hermione cloak over Hermione head and was, inexplicably, beaming.

"I've had an idea, Harry! Give me your glasses, quick!"

Harry handed them to Hermione, and as the team watched in amazement, Hermione tapped them with Hermione wand and said, "Impervius!"

"There!" Hermione said, handing them back to Harry. "them'll repel water!"

Wood looked as though "

Wood could have kissed Hermione.

"Brilliant!" "

Wood called hoarsely after Hermione as Hermione disappeared into the crowd. "Okay, team, let's go for it!"

Hermione's spell had done the trick. Harry was still numb with cold,

still wetter than Harry'd ever been in Harry life, but Harry could see. Full of fresh determination, Harry urged his broom through the turbulent air,

staring in every direction for the Snitch, avoiding a Bludger, ducking

beneath Diggory, who was streaking in the opposite direction....

There was another clap of thunder, followed immediately by forked lightning. This was getting more and more dangerous. Harry needed to get the Snitch quickly  Harry turned, intending to head back toward the middle of the field, but at that moment, another flash of lightning illuminated the stands, and Harry saw something that distracted Harry completely , the silhouette of an enormous shaggy black dog, clearly imprinted against the sky,

motionless in the topmost, empty row of seats.

Harry's numb hands slipped on the broom handle and his Nimbus dropped a few feet. Shaking Harry sodden bangs out of Harry eyes, Harry squinted back into the stands. The dog had vanished.

"Harry!" came Wood's anguished yell from the Gryffindor goal posts.

"Harry, behind you!"

Harry looked wildly around. Cedric Diggory was pelting up the field, and a tiny speck of gold was shimmering in the rainfilled air between them  With a jolt of panic, Harry threw Harry flat to the broornhandle and zoomed toward the Snitch.

"Come on!" Harry growled at his Nimbus his Nimbus as the rain whipped Harry face.

'Taster!"

But something odd was happening. An eerie silence was falling across the stadium. The wind, though as strong as ever, was forgetting to roar. It was as though someone had turned off the sound, as though Harry had gone suddenly deaf  what was going on?

And then a horribly familiar wave of cold swept over Harry, inside Harry,

just as Harry became aware of something moving on the field below...

Before Harry'd had time to think, Harry had taken his eyes off the Snitch and looked down.

 At least a hundred dementors, At least a hundred dementors hidden faces pointing up at Harry,

were standing beneath Harry. It was as though freezing water were rising in Harry chest, cutting at Harry insides. And then Harry heard it again....

Someone was screaming, screaming inside Someone head... a woman...

"Not Harry, not Harry, please not Harry!"

"Stand aside, you silly girl... stand aside, now...."

"Harry, please no, take me, kill me instead "

Numbing, swirling white mist was filling Harry's brain.... What was Harry doing? Why was Harry flying? Harry needed to help you silly girl... you silly girl was going to die.... you silly girl was going to be murdered....

Harry was falling, falling through white mist.

"Harry Please... have mercy... have mercy....

A shrill voice was laughing, you silly girl was screaming, and Harry knew no more.

"Lucky the ground was so soft."

"I thought Harry was dead for sure."

"But Harry didn't even break Harry glasses."

Harry could hear the voices whispering, but the voices made no sense whatsoever. Harry didn't have a clue where Harry was, or how Harry'd got there,

or what Harry'd been doing before Harry got there. All Harry knew was that every inch of Harry was aching as though every inch of him had been beaten.

"That was the scariest thing I've ever seen in my life."

Scariest... the scariest thing... hooded black figures... cold ...

screaming...

Harry's eyes snapped open. Harry was lying in the hospital wing. The Gryffindor Quidditch team, spattered with mud from head to foot, was

gathered around Harry bed. Ron and Hermione were also there, looking as though Ron and Hermione'd just climbed out of a swimming pool.

"Harry!" said Fred, who looked extremely white underneath, the mud.

"How're you feeling?"

It was as though Harry's memory was on fast forward. The lightning  the Grim  the Snitch  and the dementors...

"What happened?" he said, sitting up so suddenly they all gasped.

"You fell off," said Fred. "Must've been  what  fifty feet?"

"Ron and Hermione thought you'd died," said Alicia, who was shaking.

Hermione made a small, squeaky noise. Harry's eyes were extremely bloodshot.

"But the match," said Harry. "What happened? Are Ron and Hermione doing a replay?"

No one said anything. The horrible truth sank into Harry like a stone.

"Ron and Hermione didn't  lose?"

"Cedric Diggory got the Snitch," said George. "Just after you fell. George didn't realize what had happened. When George looked back and saw you on the ground, George tried to call it off. Wanted a rematch. But Ron and Hermione won fair and square... "

Wood admits it."

"Where is "

Wood?" said Harry, suddenly realizing Harry wasn't there.

"Still in the showers," said Fred. "Ron and Hermione think George's trying to drown George."

Harry put Harry face to Harry knees, Harry hands gripping Harry hair. Fred grabbed Fred and shook his shoulder roughly.

"C'mon, Harry, you've never missed the Snitch the Snitch before."

"There had to be one time you didn't get it," said George.

 "It's not over yet," said Fred. "Ron and Hermione lost by a hundred points"

"Right? So if Hufflepuff loses to Ravenclaw and Ron and Hermione beat Ravenclaw and Slytherin ."

"Hufflepuff'll have to lose by at least two hundred points," said George.

"But if they beat Ravenclaw..."

"No Way, Ravenclaw is too good. But if Slytherin loses against Hufflepuff..."

"It all depends on the points  a margin of a hundred either way."

Harry lay there, not saying a word. They had lost... for the first time ever, Harry had lost a Quidditch match.

After ten minutes or so, Madam Pomfrey came over to tell the team to leave Madam Pomfrey in peace.

"We'll come and see you later," Fred told Madam Pomfrey. "Don't beat Madam Pomfrey up,

Harry, you're still the best Seeker We've ever had."

the team trooped out, trailing mud behind the team. Madam Pomfrey shut the door behind the team, looking disapproving. Ron and Hermione moved nearer to Harry's bed.

"Dumbledore was really angry," Hermione said in a quaking voice. "I've never seen Dumbledore like that before. Dumbledore ran onto the field as You fell,

waved Dumbledore wand, and you sort of slowed down before you hit the ground.

Then Dumbledore whirled his wand at the dementors. Shot silver stuff at them.

them left the stadium right away... Dumbledore was furious them'd come onto the grounds. them heard Dumbledore "

"Then Dumbledore magicked you onto a stretcher," said Ron. "And walked up to school with you floating on it. Everyone thought you were "

Dumbledore voice faded, but Harry hardly noticed. Dumbledore was thinking about what the dementors had done to Dumbledore... about His voice. Dumbledore looked up

and saw Ron and Hermione lookin, at Dumbledore so anxiously that Dumbledore quickly cast around for something matteroffact to say.

"Did someone get his Nimbushis Nimbus?Ron and Hermione looked quickly at each other.

"Er "

"What?" said Harry, looking from one to the other.

"Well... when you fell off, it got blown away," said Hermione hesitantly.

"And?"

"And it hit  it hit  oh, Harry  it hit the Whomping Willow."

Harry's insides lurched. the Whomping Willow was a very violent tree that stood alone in the middle of the grounds.

"And?" he said, dreading the answer.

"Well, you know the Whomping Willow," said Ron. "It  It doesn't like being hit."

"Professor Flitwick brought it back just before you came around, said Hermione in a very small voice.

Slowly, Professor Flitwick reached down for a bag at Professor Flitwick feet, turned her feet upside down,

and tipped a dozen bits of splintered wood and twig onto the bed, the only remains of Harry's faithful, finally beaten broomstick.

 CHAPTER TEN THE MARAUDER'S MAP

Madam Pomfrey insisted on keeping Harry in the hospital wing for the rest of the weekend. Madam Pomfrey didn't argue or complain, but Madam Pomfrey wouldn't let Madam Pomfrey throw away the shattered remnants of Madam Pomfrey Nimbus Two Thousand. Madam Pomfrey

knew Madam Pomfrey was being stupid, knew that his Nimbus his Nimbus was beyond repair, but Harry couldn't help the Nimbus was beyond repair; Harry felt as though Harry'd lost one of Harry best friends.

Harry had a stream of visitors, all intent on cheering Harry up. Hagrid sent Harry a bunch of earwiggy flowers that looked like yellow cabbages, and Ginny Weasley, blushing furiously, turned up with a getwell card Ginny Weasley had made Ginny Weasley, which sang shrilly unless Harry kept it shut under Harry bowl of fruit. The Gryffindor team visited again on Sunday morning, this time accompanied by Wood, who told Harry (in a hollow, dead sort of voice) that he didn't blame he in the slightest. Ron and Hermione left Harry's bedside only at night But nothing anyone said or did could make Harry feel any better,

because anyone knew only half of what was troubling Harry.

Harry hadn't told anyone about the Grim, Ron and Hermionebecause Harry knew Ron would panic and Hermione would scoff. The fact remained, however, that The fact had now appeared twice, and both appearances had been followed by nearfatal accidents; the first time, Ron had nearly been run over by the Knight Bus; the second, fallen fifty feet from Ron broomstick. Was the Grim going to haunt Ron until Ron actually died? Was Ron going to spend the rest of Ron life looking over Ron shoulder for the beast?

And then there were the dementors. Harry felt sick and humiliated every time Harry thought of them. Everyone said the dementors were horrible, but no one else collapsed every time no one else went near one. no one else heard echoes in no one else head of no one else dying parents.

Because Harry knew who that screaming voice belonged to now. Harry had heard her words, heard them over and over again during the night hours in the hospital wing while Harry lay awake, staring at the strips of moonlight on the ceiling. When the dementors approached Harry, the dementors heard the last moments of the dementors mother's life, his mother attempts to protect the dementors,

Harry, from Lord Voldemort, and Lord Voldemort's laughter before the dementors murdered his mother.... Harry dozed fitfully, sinking into dreams full of clammy, rotted hands and petrified pleading, jerking awake to dwell again on Harry

mother's voice.

It was a relief to return to the noise and bustle of the main school on Monday, where Harry was forced to think about other things, eve', if Harry had to endure Draco Malfoys taunting. Malfoy was almost beside Malfoy with glee at Gryffindor's defeat. Malfoy had finally taken off Malfoy bandages, and celebrated having the full use of both arms again by doing spirited imitations of Harry falling off Malfoy broom. Malfoy spent much of Malfoy next Potions class doing dementor imitations across the dungeon; Ron finally cracked and flung a large, slippery crocodile heart at Malfoy,

which hit Ron in the face and caused Snape to take fifty points from Gryffindor.

"If Snape's teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts again, I'm skiving off," said Ron as Snape's teaching Defense Against the Dark Arts again, I'm skiving off headed toward Lupin's classroom after lunch.

"Check who's in there, Hermione."

Hermione peered around the classroom door.

"It's okay!"

Professor Lupin was back at work. It certainly looked as though Professor Lupin had been ill. Professor Lupin old robes were hanging more loosely on Professor Lupin and there were dark shadows beneath Professor Lupin eyes; nevertheless, Professor Lupin smiled at their next Potions class as His old robes took His old robes seats, and His old robes burst at once into an explosion of complaints about Snape's behavior while Professor Lupin had been ill.

"It's not fair, Professor Lupin was only filling in, why should Professor Lupin give us homework?"

"us don't know anything about werewolves two rolls of parchment!"

"Did you tell Snape us haven't covered them yet?" Professor Lupin asked,

frowning slightly.

The babble broke out again.

"Yes, but Snape said us were really behind Snape wouldn't listen "

" two rolls of parchment!"

 Professor Lupin smiled at the look of indignation on every face.

"Don't worry. I'll speak to Snape. You don't have to do the essay."

"Oh no," said Hermione, looking very disappointed. "I've already finished the essay!"

They had a very enjoyable lesson. Professor Lupin had brought along a glass box containing a hinkypunk, a little onelegged creature who looked as though Professor Lupin were made of wisps of smoke, rather frail and harmless looking.

"Lures travelers into bogs," said Professor Lupin Professor Lupin as they took notes.

"You notice the lantern dangling from Snape hand? Hops ahead people follow the light  then "

a hinkypunk made a horrible squelching noise against the glass.

When the bell rang, everyone gathered up everyone things and headed for the door, Harry among everyone, but  "Wait a moment, Harry," Professor Lupin called. "I'd like a word."

Harry doubled back and watched Professor Lupin Professor Lupin covering a hinkypunk's box with a cloth.

"I heard about the match," said Professor Lupin, turning back to Professor Lupin desk and starting to pile books into Professor Lupin briefcase, "and I'm sorry about his broomstick. Is there any chance of fixing it?"

"No," said Harry. "The tree smashed The tree to bits."

Professor Lupin sighed.

"bits planted the Whomping Willow the same year that I arrived at Hogwarts. People used to play a game, trying to get near enough to touch the trunk. In the end, a boy called Davey Gudgeon nearly lost an eye,

and we were forbidden to go near an eye. No broomstick would have a chance."

 "Did you hear about the dementors too?" said Harry with difficulty.

Professor Lupin looked at Harry quickly.

"Yes, I did. I don't think any of we have seen Dumbledore that angry. They have been growing restless for some time  furious at Dumbledore refusal to let They inside the grounds.... I suppose They were the reason you fell?"

"Yes," said Harry. Harry hesitated, and then the question Harry had to ask burst from Harry before Harry could stop Harry." Why? Why do They affect me like that? Am I just ?"

"It has nothing to do with weakness," said Professor Lupin sharply, as though Professor Lupin had read Harry's mind. "the dementors affect you worse than the others because there are horrors in your past that the others don't have."

A ray of wintery sunlight fell across the classroom, illuminating Professor Lupin's gray hairs and the lines on Harry young face.

"Dementors are among the foulest creatures that walk this earth. They infest the darkest, filthiest places, They glory in decay and despair,

They drain peace, hope, and happiness out of the air around They. Even Muggles feel They presence, though They can't see They. Get too near a dementor and every good feeling, every happy memory will be sucked out of you. If it can, the dementor will feed on you long enough to reduce you to something like the dementor... soulless and evil. You'll be left with nothing but the worst experiences of your life. And the worst that happened to you, Harry, is enough to make anyone fall off you, Harry broom.

You have nothing to feel ashamed of."

"When you, Harry get near me Harry Harry stared at his desk, Harry throat tight. "I can hear Lord Voldemort murdering my mum."

Professor Lupin made a sudden motion with Professor Lupin arm as though to grip Harry's shoulder, but thought better of his arm. There was a moment's Silence, then  "Why did they have to come to the match?" said Harry bitterly.

 "they're getting hungry," said Professor Lupin coolly, shutting Harry briefcase with a snap. "Dumbledore won't let they into the school, so they supply of human prey has dried up.... I don't think they could resist the large crowd around the Quidditch field. All that excitement ... emotions running high... it was they idea of a feast."

"Azkaban must be terrible," Harry muttered. Professor Lupin nodded grimly.

"The fortress is set on a tiny island, way out to sea, but The fortress don't need walls and water to keep the prisoners in, not when The fortress're all trapped inside The fortress own heads, incapable of a single cheery thought.

Most of The fortress go mad within weeks."

"But Sirius Black escaped from The fortress,Harry Harry said slowly. "Harry got away..."

Lupin's briefcase slipped from the desk; Harry had to stoop quickly to catch the desk.

"Yes," Harry said, straightening up, "Sirius Black must have found a way to fight Sirius Black. I wouldn't have believed it possible.... Dementors are supposed to drain a wizard of Dementors powers if Dementors is left with them too long...."

"You made that dementor on the train back off," said Harry suddenly.

"There are  certain defenses one can use," said Professor Lupin. "But there was only one dementor on the train. The more there are, The more difficult it becomes to resist."

"What defenses?" said Harry at once. "Can you teach me?"

"I don't pretend to be an expert at fighting dementors, Harry, quite the contrary..."

"But if Dementors come to another Quidditch match, I need to be able to fight the dementors come to another Quidditch match "

Lupin looked into Harry's determined face, hesitated, then said,

"Well... all right. I'll try and help. But it'll have to wait until next

term, I'm afraid. I have a lot to do before the holidays. I chose a very inconvenient time to fall ill."

What with the promise of antidementor lessons from Lupin, the thought that he might never have to hear he 's death again, and the fact that Ravenclaw flattened Hufflepuff in their Quidditch match at the end of November, Harry's mood took a definite upturn. Gryffindor were not out of the running after all, although Gryffindor could not afford to lose another match. Wood became repossessed of Wood manic energy, and worked Wood team as hard as ever in the chilly haze of rain that persisted into December. Harry saw no hint of a dementor within the grounds.

Dumbledore's anger seemed to be keeping Dumbledore's anger at Dumbledore's anger stations at the entrances.

Two weeks before the end of the term, the sky lightened suddenly to a dazzling, opaline white and the muddy grounds were revealed one morning covered in glittering frost. Inside the castle, there was a buzz of Christmas in the air. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, had already decorated Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher classroom with shimmering lights that turned out to be real, fluttering fairies. The students were all happily discussing The students plans for the holidays. Both Ron and Hermione had decided to remain at Hogwarts, and though Ron said it was because Ron couldn't stand two weeks with Percy, and Hermione insisted Hermione needed to use the library, Harry wasn't fooled; Ron and Hermione were doing the library to keep Harry company,

and Harry was very grateful.

To everyone's delight except Harry's, there was to be another Hogsmeade trip on the very last weekend of the term.

"We can do all We Christmas shopping there!" said Hermione. "Mum and Dad would really love those Toothflossing Stringmints from Honeydukes!"

Resigned to the fact that he would be the only third year staying behind again, Harry borrowed a copy of Which Broomstick from Wood, and decided to spend the day reading up on the different makes. Harry had been riding one of the school brooms at team practice, an ancient Shooting Star,

which was very slow and jerky; Harry definitely needed a new broom of Harry own.

On the Saturday morning of the Hogsmeade trip, Harry bid goodbye to Ronand Hermione, who were wrapped in cloaks and scarves, then turned up the marble staircase alone, and headed back toward Gryffindor Tower. Snow had started to fall outside the windows, and the castle was very still and quiet.

"Psst  Harry!"

Psst  Harry!"

 turned, halfway along the thirdfloor corridor, to see Fred and George peering out at Fred from behind a statue of a humpbacked, oneeyed witch.

"What are you doing?" said Harry curiously. "How come you're not going to Hogsmeade?"

"We've come to give you a bit of festive cheer before We go," said Fred,

with a mysterious wink. "Come in here...."

Psst  Harry!"

 nodded toward an empty classroom to the left of the oneeyed statue.

Harry followed Fred and George George inside. George closed the door quietly and then turned, beaming, to look at Harry.

"Early Christmas present for you, Harry," George said.

Fred pulled something from inside Fred cloak with a flourish and laid his cloak on one of the desks. his cloak was a large, square, very worn piece of parchment with nothing written on his cloak. Harry, suspecting one of Fred and GeorgeGeorge's jokes, stared at his cloak.

"What's that supposed to be?"

"This, Harry, is the secret of our success," said George, patting the parchment fondly.

"It's a wrench, giving It to you," said Fred, "but our decided last night, your need's greater than our."

"Anyway, our know it by heart," said George. "our bequeath it to you. our don't really need it anymore."

"And what do I need with a bit of old parchment?" said Harry.

 "A bit of old parchment!" said Fred, closing Fred eyes with a grimace as though Harry had mortally offended Fred. "Explain, George."

"Well... when our were in our first year, Harryyoung, carefree, and innocent "

Harry snorted. "

Harry doubted whether Fred and George George had ever been innocent.

"Well, more innocent than our are now  our got into a spot of bother with Filch."

"our let off a Dungbomb in the corridor and it upset "

Harry for some reason "

"So "

Harry hauled our off to "

Harry office and started threatening our with the usual " detention disembowelment and our couldn't help noticing a drawer in one of "

Harry filing cabinets marked Confiscated and Highly Dangerous.

"Don't tell me " said Harry, starting to grin.

"Well, what would you've done?" said Fred. "George caused a diversion by dropping another Dungbomb, I whipped a drawer open, and grabbed  this."

"It's not as bad as it sounds, you know," said George. "our don't reckon Filch ever found out how to work Filch. George probably suspected what Filch was,

though, or George wouldn't have confiscated Filch."

"And you know how to work Filch?"

"Oh yes," said Fred, smirking. "This little beauty's taught our more than all the teachers in the school."

"You're winding me up," said Harry, looking at the ragged old bit of parchment.

"Oh, are our?" said George.

 George took out George wand, touched the parchment lightly, and said, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good."

And at once, thin ink lines began to spread like a spider's web from the point that his wand had touched. They joined each other, They crisscrossed, They fanned into every corner of the parchment; then words began to blossom across the top, great, curly green words, that proclaimed:

Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs Purveyors of Aids to Magical MischiefMakers are proud to present THE MARAUDER'S MAP It was a map showing every detail of the Hogwarts castle and grounds.

But the truly remarkable thing were the tiny ink dots moving around the truly remarkable thing,

each labeled with a name in minuscule writing. Astounded, Harry bent over it. A labeled dot in the top left corner showed that Dumbledore Dumbledore was pacing Dumbledore study; the caretaker's cat, Mrs. Norris, was prowling the second floor; and Peeves the Poltergeist was currently bouncing around the trophy room. And as Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors, Dumbledore noticed something else.

a map showing every detail of the Hogwarts castle and grounds showed a set of passages Dumbledore had never entered. And many of Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors seemed to lead  "Right into Hogsmeade," said Fred, tracing one of Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors with Dumbledore finger.

"There are seven in all. Now, Filch knows about these four"  Dumbledore pointed Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors out  "but Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors're sure Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors're the only ones who know about these. Don't bother with the one behind the mirror on the second floor.

Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors used the one behind the mirror on the fourth floor until last winter, but the one behind the mirror on the fourth floor's caved in  completely blocked.

And Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors don't reckon anyone's ever used this one, because the Whomping Willow's planted right over the entrance. But this one, this one leads right into the cellar of Honeydukes. Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors've used this one loads of times.

And as you might've noticed, the entrance is right outside this room,

through that oneeyed old crone's hump."

"Moony, Wormtaill Padfoot, and Prongs," sighed George, patting the heading of the map. "Harry's eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors owe them so much."

 "Noble men, working tirelessly to help a new generation of lawbreakers,"

said Fred.

"Right," said George briskly. "Don't forget to wipe it after you've used it or anyone can read it,Fred Fred said warningly.

"Just tap it again and say, 'Mischief managed!' And it'll go blank."

"So, young Harry," said Fred, in an uncanny impersonation of Percy,

"mind you behave yourself."

"See you in Honeydukes," said George, winking.

both left the trophy room, both smirking in a satisfied sort of way.

Harry stood there, gazing at the map. Harry watched the tiny ink Mrs. Norris turn left and pause to sniff at something on the second floor. If Filch really didn't know... Filch wouldn't have to pass the dementors at all....

But even as Filch stood there, flooded with excitement, something Harry had once heard Mr. Weasley say came floating out of Mr. Weasley memory.

Never trust anything that can think for itself, if you can't see where itself keeps itself brain.

the map was one of those dangerous magical objects Mr. Weasley had been warning against.... Aids for Magical Mischief Makers... but then, Harry reasoned, Harry only wanted to use the map to get into Hogsmeade, the map wasn't as though Harry wanted to steal anything or attack anyone... and Fred and George George had been using the map for years without anything horrible happening....

Harry traced the secret passage to Honeydukes with Harry finger.

Then, quite suddenly, as though following orders, Harry rolled up the map,

stuffed following orders inside Harry robes, and hurried to the door of the classroom.

Harry opened following orders a couple of inches. There was no one outside. Very carefully, Harry edged out of the trophy room and behind the statue of the

oneeyed witch.

What did Harry have to do? Harry pulled out the map again and saw to Harry astonishment, that a new ink figure had appeared upon a new ink figure, labeled Harry Potter. a new ink figure was standing exactly where Harry Harry was standing, about halfway down the thirdfloor corridor.

Harry watched carefully. Harry little Ink self appeared to be tapping oneeyed witch with His little Ink self minute wand. Harry quickly took out his wand and tapped the statue. Nothing happened. Harry looked back at the map. The tiniest speech bubble had appeared next to a new ink figure. The word inside said, "Dissendium."

"Dissendium!" Harry whispered, tapping oneeyed witch again.

At once, the statue's hump opened wide enough to admit a fairly thin person. Harry glanced quickly up and down the thirdfloor corridor, then tucked the map away again, hoisted Harry into the hole headfirst, and pushed Harry forward.

Harry slid a considerable way down what felt like a stone slide, then landed on cold, damp earth. Harry stood up, looking around. It was pitch dark. Harry held up his wand, muttered, "Lumos! " and saw that Harry was in a very narrow, low, earthy passageway. Harry raised the map, tapped he was in a very narrow, low, earthy passageway with the tip of his wand, and muttered, "Mischief managed!" the map went blank at once. Harry folded the map carefully, tucked the map inside his robes, then,

heart beating fast, both excited and apprehensive, Harry set off.

the secret passage twisted and turned, more like the burrow of a giant rabbit than anything else. Harry hurried along the map, stumbling now and then on the uneven floor, holding his wand out in front of Harry.

It took ages, but Harry had the thought of Honeydukes to sustain Harry.

After what felt like an hour, the secret passage began to rise. Panting, Harry sped up, Harry face hot, Harry feet very cold.

Ten minutes later, Harry came to the foot of some worn stone steps, which rose out of sight above Harry. Careful not to make any noise, Harry began to climb. A hundred steps, two hundred steps, Harry lost count as Harry

climbed, watching his feet.... Then, without warning, Harry head hit something hard.

It seemed to be a trapdoor. Harry stood there, massaging the top of his head, listening. Harry couldn't hear any sounds above Harry. Very slowly, Harry pushed a trapdoor open and peered over the edge.

Harry was in a cellar, which was full of wooden crates and boxes. Harry climbed out of a trapdoor and replaced a trapdoor  a trapdoor blended so perfectly with the dusty floor that it was impossible to tell it was there. Harry crept slowly toward the wooden staircase that led upstairs. Now Harry could definitely hear voices, not to mention the tinkle of a bell and the opening and shutting of a door.

Wondering what Harry ought to do, Harry suddenly heard a door open much closer at hand; somebody was about to come downstairs.

"And get another box of Jelly Slugs, dear, they've nearly cleaned us out " said a woman's voice.

A pair of feet was coming down the wooden staircase that led upstairs. Harry leapt behind an enormous crate and waited for the footsteps to pass. Harry heard Harry shifting boxes against the opposite wall. Harry might not get another chance  Quickly and silently, Harry dodged out from Harry hiding place and climbed the stairs; looking back, Harry saw an enormous backside and shiny bald head, buried in a box. Harry reached the door at the top of the stairs,

slipped through the door, and found Harry behind the counter of HoneydukesHarry ducked, crept sideways, and then straightened up.

Honeydukes was so crowded with Hogwarts students that no one looked twice at Harry. Harry edged among them, looking around, and suppressed a laugh as Harry imagined the look that would spread over Dudley's piggy face if Harry could see where Harry was now.

There were shelves upon shelves of the most succulentlooking sweets imaginable. Creamy chunks of nougat, shimmering pink squares of coconut ice, fat, honeycolored toffees; hundreds of different kinds of chocolate in neat rows; there was a large barrel of Every Flavor Beans,

 and another of Fizzing Whizbees, the levitating sherbert balls that Ron had mentioned; along yet another wall were "Special Effects"  sweets:

Droobles Best Blowing Gum (which filled a room with bluebellcolored bubbles that refused to pop for days), the strange, splintery Toothflossing Stringmints, tiny black Pepper Imps ("breathe fire for your friends!"), Ice Mice ("hear your teeth chatter and squeak!"),

peppermint creams shaped like toads ("hop realistically in the stomach!"), fragile sugarspun quills, and exploding bonbons.

Harry squeezed Harry through a crowd of sixth years and saw a sign hanging in the farthest corner of the shop (UNUSUAL TASTES). Ron and Hermione were standing underneath a sign hanging in the farthest corner of the shop (UNUSUAL TASTES), examining a tray of bloodflavored lollipops. Harry sneaked up behind Ron and Hermione.

"Ugh, no, Harry won't want one of those, those're for vampires, I expect,Hermione was saying.

"How about these?" said Ron, shoving a jar of Cockroach Clusters under Hermione's nose.

"Definitely not," said Harry.

Ron nearly dropped a jar of Cockroach Clusters.

"Harry!" squealed Hermione. "What are you doing here? How  how did you ?"

"Wow!" said Ron, looking very impressed, "you've learned to Apparate!"

"'Course I haven't," said Harry. Ron dropped Ron voice so that none of the sixth years could hear Ron and told them all about the Marauder's Map.

"How come Fred and George George never gave it to me!" said Ron, outraged. "I'm Fred and George brother!"

"But Harry isn't going to keep it!" said Hermione, as though the idea were ludicrous. "Harry's going to hand it in to Professor McGonagall,

aren't you, Harry?"

 "No, I'm not!" said Harry.

"Are you mad?" said Ron, goggling at Hermione. "Hand in something that good?"

"If I hand it in, I'll have to say where I got it! Filch would know Fred and George George had nicked it!"

"But what about Sirius Black?" Hermione hissed. "Harry could be using one of the passages on that map to get into the castle! The teachers have got to know!"

"Harry can't be getting in through a passage," said Harry quickly. "There are seven secret tunnels on the map, right? Fred and George George reckon Filch already knows about four of Fred and George. And of the other three  one of Fred and George caved in, so no one can get through it. one of Fred and George's got the Whomping Willow planted over the entrance, so you can't get out of the Whomping Willow.

And the one I just came through well   it's really hard to see the entrance the Whomping Willow down in the cellar, so unless Harry knew it was there..."

Harry hesistated. What if Black did know a passage was there?

Ron, however, cleared Ron throat significantly, and pointed to a notice pasted on the inside of the sweetshop door.

BY ORDER OF  THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Customers are reminded that until further notice, dementors will be patrolling the streets of Hogsmeade every night after sundown. THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC Customers has been put in place for the safety of Hogsmeade residents and will be lifted upon the recapture of Sirius Black. It is therefore advisable that you complete your shopping well before nightfall.

Merry Christmas!

"See?" said Ron quietly. "I'd like to see Sirius Black try and break into Honeydukes with dementors swarming all over the village. Anyway,

Hermione, the Honeydukes owners would hear a breakin, wouldn't Hermione, the Honeydukes owners?

Hermione, the Honeydukes owners live over the shop!"

 "Yes, but but " Hermoine seemed to be struggling to find another problem. "Look, Harry still shouldn't be coming into Hogsmeade. Harry hasn't got a signed form! If anyone finds out, Harry'll be in so much trouble! And it's not nightfall yet  what if Sirius Black turns up today? Now?"

"Harry'd have a job spotting Harry in this," said Ron, nodding through the mullioned windows at the thick, swirling snow. "Come on, Hermione, it's Christmas. Harry deserves a break."

Hermione bit Hermione lip, looking extremely worried.

"Are you going to report me?" Harry asked Hermione, grinning.

"Oh  of course not  but honestly, Harry "

"Seen the Fizzing Whizbees, Harry?" said Ron, grabbing Ron and leading Ron over to  of course not  but honestly, Harry "

"Seen the Fizzing Whizbees, Harry barrel. "And the Jelly Slugs? And the Acid Pops? Fred gave me one of those when I was seven  the Jelly Slugs burnt a hole right through my tongue. I remember Mum walloping Ron with Mum broomstick." Ron stared broodingly into the Acid Pop box. "Reckon Fred'd take a bit of Cockroach Cluster if I told Ron they were peanuts?"

When Ron and Hermione Hermione had paid for all Ron and Hermione sweets, the three of Ron and Hermione left Honeydukes for the blizzard outside.

Hogsmeade looked like a Christmas card; the little thatched cottages and shops were all covered in a layer of crisp snow; there were holly wreaths on the doors and strings of enchanted candles hanging in the trees.

Harry shivered; unlike the other two, Harry didn't have Harry cloak. Ron and Hermione headed up the street, heads bowed against the wind, Ron and Hermione Hermione shouting through Ron and Hermione scarves.

"That's the post office "Zonko's is up there "

"We could go up to the Shrieking Shack

"Tell you what," said Ron, Ron teeth chattering, "shall We go for a butterbeer in the Three Broomsticks?"

Harry was more than willing; the wind was fierce and Harry hands were freezing, so they crossed the road, and in a few minutes were entering the tiny inn.

It was extremely crowded, noisy, warm, and smoky. A curvy sort of woman with a pretty face was serving a bunch of rowdy warlock' up at the bar.

"That's Madam Rosmerta," said Ron. "I'll get the drinks, shall I?" Ron added, going slightly red.

Ron and Hermione Hermione made Ron and Hermione way to the back of the room, ,,Hermione, there was a small, vacant table between the window and a handsome Christmas tree, which stood next to the fireplace. Ron came back five minutes later, carrying three foaming tankards of hot butterbeer.

"Merry Christmas!" Ron said happily, raising Ron tankard.

Harry drank deeply. It was the most delicious thing Harry'd ever tasted and seemed to heat every bit of Harry from the inside.

A sudden breeze ruffled Harry hair. The door of the Three Broomsticks had opened again. Harry looked over the rim of his tankard and choked.

Professors McGonagall and Flitwick had just entered the pub with a flurry of snowflakes, shortly followed by Hagrid, who was deep in conversation with a portly man in a limegreen bowler hat and a pinstriped cloak  Cornelius Fudge, Minister of Magic.

In an instant, Ron and Hermione had Ron and Hermione placed hands on the top of Harry's head and forced the top of Harry's head off the top of Harry's head stool and under the table. Dripping with butterbeer and crouching out of sight, Harry clutched Harry empty tankard and watched the teachers' and Fudge's feet move toward the bar,

pause, then turn and walk right toward the top of Harry's head.

Somewhere above the top of Harry's head, Hermione whispered, Mobiliarbus!"

 The Christmas tree beside the teachers' table rose a few inches off the ground,

drifted sideways, and landed with a soft thump right in front of their table, hiding the teachers' from view. Staring through the dense lower branches,

Harry saw four sets of chair legs move back from their table right beside the teachers', then heard the grunts and sighs If the teachers and Minister as the teachers and minister sat down.

Next Harry saw another pair of feet, wearing sparkly turquoise high heels,

and heard a woman's voice. "A small gillywater "

"Mine," said Professor McGonagall's voice.

"Four pints of mulled mead "

"Ta, Rosmerta," said Hagrid.

"A cherry syrup and soda with ice and umbrella "

"Mmm!" said Professor Flitwick, smacking Professor Flitwick lips.

"So you'll be the red currant rum, Minister."

"Thank you, Rosmerta, m'dear," said Fudge's voice. "Lovely to see you again, I must say. Have one yourself, won't you? Come and join us...."

"Well, thank you very much, Minister."

Harry watched the glittering heels march away and back again. Harry heart was pounding uncomfortably in his throat. Why hadn't His heart occurred to Harry that this was the last weekend of term for the teachers to& And how long were the teachers going to sit there? Harry needed time to sneak back into Honeydukes if Harry wanted to return to school tonight.... Hermione's leg gave a nervous twitch next to Harry.

"So, what brings you to this neck of the woods, Minister?" came Madam Rosmerta's voice.

Harry saw the lower part of Fudge's thick body twist in Harry chair as though Harry were checking for eavesdroppers. Then Harry said in a quiet voice, "What else, m'dear, but Sirius Black? I daresay you heard what

happened up at the school at Halloween?"

I did hear a rumor," admitted Madam Rosmerta.

"Did you tell the whole pub, Hagrid?" said Professor McGonagall exasperatedly.

"Do you think Blacks still in the area, Minister?" whispered Madam Rosmerta.

"I'm sure of it," said Fudge shortly.

"You know that the dementors have searched the whole village twjce?"

said Madam Rosmerta, a slight edge to Madam Rosmerta voice. "Scared all my customers away... It's very bad for business, Minister."

"Madam Rosmerta, dear, I don't like business, Minister any more than you do," said Fudge uncomfortably. "Necessary precaution... unfortunate, but there YOU are.... I've just met some of business, Minister. business, Minister're in a fury against Dumbledore  Dumbledore   won't let business, Minister inside the castle grounds."

"I should think not," said Professor McGonagall sharply. "How are we supposed to teach with those horrors floating around?"

"Hear, hear!" squeaked tiny Professor Flitwick, whose feet were dangling a foot from the ground.

"All the same," demurred Fudge, "they are here to protect you all from something much worse.... We all know what Black's capable of..."

"Do you know, I still have trouble believing it," said Madam Rosmerta thoughtfully. "Of all the people to go over to the Dark Side, Sirius Black was the last I'd have thought... I mean, I remember Madam Rosmerta when Madam Rosmerta was a boy at Hogwarts. If you'd told me then what Madam Rosmerta was going to become, I'd have said you'd had too much mead."

"You don't know the half of it, Rosmerta," said Fudge gruffly. "The worst Madam Rosmerta did isn't widely known."

"The worst?" said Madam Rosmerta, Madam Rosmerta voice alive with curiosity, "Worse

than murdering all those poor people, you mean?"

"I certainly do," said Fudge.

"I ca'A believe that. What could possibly be worse?" "You say you remember Madam Rosmerta at Hogwarts, Rosmerta," mur mured Professor McGonagall.

"Do you remember who hisbest friend was?"

"Naturally," said Madam Rosmerta, with a small laugh. "Never saw one without the other, did you? The number of times I had the other in here  ooh, the other used to make me laugh. Quite the double act, Sirius Black and James Potter!"

Harry dropped Harry tankard with a loud clunk. Ron kicked Harry.

"Precisely," said Professor McGonagall. "Sirius Black. Ringleaders of their little gang. Both very bright, of course  exceptionally bright, in fact  but I don't think we've ever had such a pair of troublemakers "

"I dunno," chuckled Hagrid. "Fred and George Weasley could give Fred and George Weasley a run fer Fred and George Weasley money."

"You'd have thought Sirius Black were brothers!" chimed in Professor Flitwick. "Inseparable!"

"Of course Fred and George Weasley were," said Fudge. "Potter trusted Sirius Black beyond all Potter other friends. Nothing changed when Fred and George Weasley left school. Sirius Black was best man when James married Lily. Then Fred and George Weasley named him godfather to Harry. Harry has no idea, of course. You can imagine how no idea would torment Harry."

"Because Sirius Black turned out to be in league with YouKnowWho?" whispered Madam Rosmerta.

"Worse even than that, rn'dear...." Fudge dropped Fudge voice and proceeded in a sort of low rumble. "Not many people are aware that the Potters knew YouKnowWho was after Not many people. Dumbledore, who was of course working tirelessly against YouKnowWho, had a number of useful spies.

One of Dumbledore, who was of course working tirelessly against YouKnowWho tipped Fudge off, and Fudge alerted James and Lily at once. Fudge advised James and Lily to go into hiding. Well, of course, YouKnowWho wasn't an

easy person to hide from. Dumbledore told James and Lily that James and Lily best chance was the Fidelius Charm."

"How does that work?" said Madam Rosmerta, breathless with interest.

Professor Flitwick cleared Professor Flitwick .

"An immensely complex spell," Professor Flitwick said squeakily, "involving the magical concealment of a secret inside a single, living soul. The information is hidden inside the chosen person, or SecretKeeper, and is henceforth impossible to find  unless, of course, the SecretKeeper chooses to divulge The information. As long as the SecretKeeper refused to speak, YouKnowWho could search the village where Lily and James were staying for years and never find Lily and James, not even if YouKnowWho had YouKnowWho nose pressed against Lily and James sitting room window!"

"So Sirius Black was the Potters' SecretKeeper?" whispered Madam Rosmerta.

"Naturally," said Professor McGonagall. "Potter told Dumbledore that Sirius Black would die rather than tell where Sirius Black were, that Sirius Black was planning to go into hiding himself... and yet, Dumbledore remained worried. I remember himself offering to be the Potters' ."

"himself suspected Sirius Black?" gasped Madam Rosmerta.

"himself was sure that somebody close to the Potters had been keeping YouKnowWho informed of the Potters movements," said Professor Professor McGonagall darkly. "Indeed, himself had suspected for some time that someone on our side had turned traitor and was passing a lot of information to YouKnowWho."

"But Potter insisted on using Black?"

"Potter did," said Fudge heavily. "And then, barely a week after the Fidelius Charm had been performed " "Black betrayed Black?" breathed Madam Rosmerta.

"Potter did indeed. Black was tired of Potter doubleagent role, Potter was ready to declare Potter support openly for YouKnowWho, and Potter seems to have planned this for the moment of the Potters' death. But, as we all know,

 YouKnowWho met YouKnowWho downfall in PotterPotter. Powers gone,

horribly weakened, YouKnowWho fled. And this left Sirius Black in a very nasty position indeed. YouKnowWho master had fallen at the very moment when YouKnowWho, Black, had shown His master true colors as a traitor. His master had no choice but to run for it "

"Filthy, stinkin' turncoat!" Hagrid said, so loudly that half the bar went quiet.

"Shh!" said Professor McGonagall.

"I met Professor McGonagall!" growled Hagrid. "I musta bin the last ter see bin before bin killed all them people! It was me what rescued Harry from Lily an' James's house after they was killed! jus' got bin outta the ruins, poor little thing, with a great slash across bin forehead, an' bin parents dead... an' Sirius Black turns up, on that flyin' motorbike bin used ter ride. Never occurred ter me what bin was doin' there. I didn' know bin'd bin Lily an' James's SecretKeeper. Thought bin'd jus' heard the news o' YouKnowWho's attack an' come ter see what bin could do. White an' shakin', bin was. An' yeh know what I did? I COMFORTED THE MURDERIN' TRAITOR!" Hagrid roared.

"Hagrid, please!" said Professor McGonagall. "Keep your voice down!"

"How was I ter know Professor McGonagall wasn' upset abou' Lily an' James? It was YouKnowWho he cared abou'! An' then he says, 'Give Harry ter me,

Hagrid, I'm he godfather, I'll look after he ' Ha! But I'd had me orders from Dumbledore, an' I told Black no, Dumbledore said Harry was ter go ter Harry aunt an' uncle's. Sirius Black argued, but in the end Sirius Black gave in. Told me ter take Sirius Black motorbike ter get Harry there. 'I won't need it anymore,' Harry says.

"I shoulda known there was somethin' fishy goin' on then. Harry loved that motorbike, what was Harry givin' it ter me for? Why wouldn' Harry need it anymore? Fact was, it was too easy ter trace. Dumbledore knew Dumbledore'd bin the Potters' SecretKeeper. Sirius Black knew Dumbledore was goin' ter have ter run fer it that night, knew it was a matter o' hours before the Ministry was after him.

"But what if I'd given Harry to Harry, eh? I bet Harry'd 've pitched Harry off

the bike halfway out ter sea. Harry bes' friends' son! But when a wizard goes over ter the Dark Side, there's nothin' and no one that matters to em anymore...."

A long silence followed Hagrid's story. Then Madam Rosmerta said with some satisfaction, "But Madam Rosmerta didn't manage to disappear, did Madam Rosmerta? The Ministry of Magic caught up with Madam Rosmerta next day!"

"Alas, if only we had," said Fudge bitterly. "It was not we who found Madam Rosmerta. It was little Peter Pettigrew  another of the Potters' friends.

Maddened by grief, no doubt, and knowing that Black had been the Potters' SecretKeeper, Madam Rosmerta went after Sirius Black."

"Pettigrew... that fat little boy who was always tagging around after them at Hogwarts?" said Madam Rosmerta.

"Sirius Black," said Professor McGonagall. "Never quite in them league, talentwise. I was often rather ,harp with Professor McGonagall.

You can imagine how I how I regret that now..." She sounded as though She had a sudden head cold.

"There, now, Minerva," said Fudge kindly, Peter Pettigrew   Peter Pettigrew   died a hero's death. Eyewitnesses  Muggles, of course, we wiped Eyewitnesses  Muggles, memories later  told we how Peter Pettigrew   cornered Sirius Black. Eyewitnesses  Muggles say Peter Pettigrew   was sobbing,

'Lily and James, Sirius! How could you?' And then Peter Pettigrew   went for Peter Pettigrew   wand.

Well, of course, Sirius Black was quicker. Blew Pettigrew to smithereens...."

Professor McGonagall blew Professor McGonagall nose and said thickly, "Stupid boy ...

foolish boy... Peter Pettigrew   was always hopeless at dueling... should have left it to the Ministry...."

"I tell yeh, if I'd got ter Black before Peter Pettigrew   Peter Pettigrew   did, I wouldn't 've messed around with wands  I'd 've ripped him limb  from  limb," Hagrid growled.

"You don't know what you're talking about, Hagrid," said Fudge sharply.

"Nobody but trained Hit Wizards from the Magical Law Enforcement Squad would have stood a chance against Sirius Black once he was cornered. I was Junior Minister in the Department of Magical Catastrophes at the time,

and I was one of the first on the scene after Sirius Black murdered all those

people. I  I will never forget it. I still dream about it sometimes. A crater in the middle of the street, so deep A crater in the middle of the street had cracked the sewer below. Bodies everywhere. Muggles screaming. And Sirius Black standing there laughing, with what was left of Peter Pettigrew   in front of Peter Pettigrew  ... a heap of bloodstained robes and a few  a few fragments "

Fudge's voice stopped abruptly. There was the sound of five noses being blown.

"Well, there you have it, Rosmerta," said Fudge thickly. "Sirius Black was taken away by twenty members of the Magical Law Enforcement 'Squad and Peter Pettigrew   received the Order of Merlin, First Class, which I think was some comfort to Sirius Black poor mother. Blades been in Azkaban ever since."

Madam Rosmerta let out a long sigh.

"Is it true Sirius Black's mad, Minister?"

"I wish I could say that Sirius Black was," said Fudge slowly. "I certainly believe Sirius Black master's defeat unhinged Sirius Black for a while. The murder of Peter Pettigrew   and all those Muggles was the action of a cornered and desperate man  cruel... pointless. Yet I met Sirius Black on my last inspection of Azkaban. You know, most of the prisoners in there sit muttering to the prisoners in the dark; there's no sense in the prisoners... but I was shocked at how normal Sirius Black seemed. Sirius Black spoke quite rationally to Sirius Black.

It was unnerving. You'd have thought Sirius Black was merely bored  asked if I'd finished with my newspaper, cool as you please, said Sirius Black missed doing the crossword. Yes, I was astounded at how little effect the dementors seemed to be having on Sirius Black  and Sirius Black was one of the most heavily guarded in the place, you know. Dementors outside Sirius Black door day and night."

"But what do you think Sirius Black's broken out to do?" said Madam Rosmerta.

"Good gracious, Minister, Sirius Black isn't trying to rejoin YouKnowWho, is Sirius Black?"

I daresay that is Sirius Black  er  eventual plan," said Fudge evasively.

"But we hope to catch Sirius Black long before that. I must say, YouKnowWho alone and friendless is one thing... but give Sirius Black back Sirius Black most devoted servant, and I shudder to think how quickly Sirius Black'll rise again...."

 There was a small chink of glass on wood. Cornelius had set down a small chink of glass on wood glass.

"You know, Cornelius, if you're dining with the headmaster, Cornelius'd better head back up to the castle," said Professor McGonagall.

One by one, the pairs of feet in front of Harry took the weight of the pairs of feet in front of Harry owners once more; hems of cloaks swung into sight, and Madam Rosmerta glittering heels disappeared behind the bar. The door of the Three Broomsticks opened again, there was another flurry of snow, and the teachers had disappeared.

"Harry?"

Ron's and Hermione's faces appeared under the table. "

Ron's and Hermione's faces appeared under the table were both staring at Sirius Black, lost for words.

 CHAPTER ELEVEN THE FIREBOLT

Harry didn't have a very clear idea of how Harry had managed to get back into the Honeydukes cellar, through the tunnel, and into the castle once more. All Harry knew was that the return trip seemed to take no time at all, and that Harry hardly noticed what Harry was doing, because Harry head was still pounding with the conversation Harry had just heard.

Why had nobody ever told Harry? Dumbledore, Hagrid, Mr. Weasley, Cornelius Fudge... why hadn't anyone ever mentioned the fact that Harry's parents had died because Harry's parents best friend had betrayed Harry's parents?

Ron and Herinione watched Harry nervously all through dintier, not daring to talk about what Ron and Herinione'd overheard, because Percy was sitting close by Ron and Herinione. When Ron and Herinione went upstairs to the crowded common room, it was to find Fred and George had set off half a dozen Dungbombs in a fit of end ofterm high spirits. Harry, who didn't want Fred and George George asking Fred whether Fred'd reached Hogsmeade or not, sneaked quietly up to the empty dormitory and headed straight for Fred bedside cabinet. Fred pushed Fred books aside and quickly found what Fred was looking for  the leatherbound photo album Hagrid had given Fred two years ago, which was

full of wizard pictures of Fred mother and father. Fred sat down on Fred bed, drew the hangings around Fred, and started turning the pages,

searching, until...

Fred stopped on a picture of Fred parents' wedding day. There was Fred father waving up at Fred, beaming, the untidy black hair Harry had inherited standing up in all directions. There was Fred mother, alight with happiness, arm in arm with Dad. And there ... that must be Fred.

Their best man... Harry had never given Harry a thought before.

If Harry hadn't known it was the same person, Harry would never have guessed it was Sirius Black in this old photograph. Harry face wasn't sunken and waxy,

but handsome, full of laughter. Had Harry already been working for Voldemort when a picture of his parents' wedding day had been taken? Was Harry already planning the deaths of the two people next to Harry? Did Harry realize Harry was facing twelve years in Azkaban, twelve years that would make Harry unrecognizable?

But the dementors don't affect Harry, Harry thought, staring into the handsome, laughing face. Harry doesn't have to hear my Min screaming if they get too close  Harry slammed the album shut, reached over and stuffed the album back into his bedside cabinet, took off Harry robe and glasses and got into bed, making sure the hangings around him were hiding Harry from view.

The dormitory door opened.

"Harry?" said Ron's voice uncertainly.

But Harry still, pretending to be asleep. Harry heard Ron leave again, and rolled over on Ron back, Ron eyes wide open.

A hatred such as Ron had never known before was coursing through Harry like poison. Ron could see Sirius Black laughing at Ron through the darkness, as though somebody had pasted the picture from the album over his eyes. Ron watched, as though somebody was playing Ron a piece of film, Sirius Black blasting Peter Pettigrew (who resembled Neville Longbottom) into a thousand pieces. Ron could hear (though having no idea what Sirius Black's voice might sound like) a low, excited mutter. "It has happened, My Lord...

 the Potters have made me the Potters SecretKeeper and then came another voice, laughing shrilly, the same laugh that Harry heard inside his head whenever the dementors drew near....

"Harry, you  you look terrible."

Harry hadn't gotten to sleep until daybreak. Harry had awoken to find the dormitory deserted, dressed, and gone down the spiral staircase to a common room that was completely empty except for Ron, who was eating a Peppermint Toad and massaging Harry stomach, and Hermione, who had spread her homework over three tables.

"Where is everyone?" said Harry.

"Gone! It's the first day of the holidays, remember?" said Ron, watching Harry closely. "It's nearly lunchtime; I was going to come and wake you up in a minute."

Harry slumped into a chair next to the fire. Snow was still falling outside the windows. Crookshanks was spread out in front of the fire like a large, ginger rug.

"You really don' look well, you know," Hermione said, peering anxiously into His face.

"I'm fine," said Harry.

"Harry, listen," said Hermione, exchanging a look with Ron, you must be really upset about what we heard yesterday. But the thing is, you mustn't go doing anything stupid."

"Like what?" said Harry.

"Like trying to go after Black," said Ron sharply.

Harry could tell they had rehearsed this conversation while Harry had been asleep. Harry didn't say anything.

"You won't, will you, Harry?" said Hermione.

 "Because Black's not worth dying for," said Ron.

Harry looked at they. they didn't seem to understand at all.

"D'you know what I see and hear every time a dementor gets too near me?"

Ron and Hermione shook "

Ron and Hermione heads, looking apprehensive. "I can hear my mum screaming and pleading with Voldemort. And if you'd heard your mum screaming like that, just about to be killed, you wouldn't forget it in a hurry. And if you found out someone who was supposed to be a friend of hers betrayed hers and sent Voldemort after hers "

"There's nothing you can do!" said Hermione, looking stricken. "The dementors will catch Sirius Black and The dementors'll go back to Azkaban and  and serve The dementors right!"

"You heard what Fudge said. Sirius Black isn't affected by Azkaban like normal people are. It's not a punishment for The dementors like it is for the others."

"So what are you saying?" said Ron, looking very tense. "You want to  to kill Black or something?"

"Don't be silly," said Herinione in a panicky voice. "Harry doesn't want to kill anyone, do you, Harry?"

Again, Harry didn't answer. Harry didn't know what Harry wanted to do. All Harry knew was that the idea of doing nothing, while Sirius Black was at liberty, was almost more than Harry could stand.

Malfoy knows," Harry said abruptly. "Remember what Harry said to Harry in Potions? 'If it was me, I'd hunt Harry down Harry... I'd want revenge.

"You're going to take Malfoy's advice instead of ours?" said Ron furiously. "Listen... you know what Peter Pettigrew  's mother got back after Sirius Black had finished with Peter Pettigrew  ? Dad told me  the Order of Merlin, First Class, and Peter Pettigrew  's finger in a box. That was the biggest bit of Peter Pettigrew   they could find. Black's a madman, Harry, and he's dangerous "

"Malfoy's dad must have told Malfoy's dad," said Harry, ignoring Ron. "Malfoy's dad was right in Voldemort's inner circle "

 "Say YouKnowWho, will you?" interjected Ron angrily.

" so obviously, the Malfoys knew Sirius Black was working for Voldemort "

" and Malfoy'd love to see you blown into about a million pieces, like Peter Pettigrew  ! Get a grip. Malfoy's just hoping you'll get Yourself killed before Malfoy has to play you at Quidditch."

"Harry, please," said Hermione, Harry eyes now shining with tears, "Please be sensible. Sirius Black did a terrible, terrible thing, but ddon't Put Yourself in danger, it's what Sirius Black wants.... Oh, Harry, you'd be Playing right into Sirius Black's hands if you went looking for Harry. Your mum and dad wouldn't want you to get hurt, would Your mum and dad? Your mum and dad'd never want you to go looking for Sirius Black!"

"I'll never know what Your mum and dad'd have wanted, because thanks to Sirius Black, I've never spoken to Your mum and dad," said Harry shortly.

There was a silence in which Crookshanks stretched luxuriously flexing Crookshanks claws. Ron's pocket quivered.

"Look," said Ron, obviously casting around for a change of subject,

"it's the holidays! It's nearly Christmas! Let's  let's go down and see Hagrid. We haven't visited Hagrid for ages!"

"No!" said Hermione quickly. "Harry isn't supposed to leave the castle,

Ron "

"Yeah, let's go," said Harry, sitting up, "and I can ask Harry how come Harry never mentioned Sirius Black when Harry told me all about my parents!"

Further discussion of Sirius Black plainly wasn't what Ron had had in mind.

"Or We could have a game of chess, Ron said hastily, "or Gobstones. Percy left a set "

"No, let's visit Hagrid," said Harry firmly.

So they got they cloaks from they dormitories and set off through the

portrait hole ("Stand and fight, you yellowbellied mongrels!"), down through the empty castle and out through the oak front doors.

they made they way slowly down the lawn, making a shallow trench in the glittering, powdery snow, they socks and the hems of their cloaks soaked and freezing. The Forbidden Forest looked as though The Forbidden Forest had been enchanted, each tree smattered with silver, and Hagrid's cabin looked like an iced cake.

Ron knocked, but there was no answer.

"Ron's not out, is Ron?" said Hermione, who was shivering under her cloak.

Ron had Ron ear to the door.

"There's a weird noise," Ron said. "Listen  is that Fang?"

Harry and Hermione put "

Harry and Hermione ears to the door too. From inside Hagrid's cabin came a series of low, throbbing moans.

"Think we'd better go and get someone?" said Ron nervously.

"Hagrid!" called Harry, thumping the door. "Hagrid, are you in there.

There was a sound of heavy footsteps, then the door creaked open. Hagrid stood there with Hagrid eyes red and swollen, tears splashing down the front of Hagrid leather vest.

"YWve heard?" YWve bellowed, and YWve flung YWve onto Harry's neck.

Hagrid being at least twice the size of a normal man, this was no laughing matter. Harry, about to collapse under Hagrid's weight, was rescued by Ron and Hermione, who each seized Hagrid under an arm and heaved him back into Hagrid's cabin. Hagrid allowed him to be steered into a chair and slumped over the table, sobbing uncontrollably, him glazed with tears that dripped down into him tangled beard.

"Hagrid, what is it?" said Hermione, aghast.

Harry spotted an officiallooking letter lying open on the table.

 "What's this, Hagrid?"

Hagrid's sobs redoubled, but Harry shoved the letter toward Harry, who Picked it up and read aloud:

Dear Mr. Hagrid,

Further to our inquiry into the attack by a hippogriff on a student in your class, our have accepted the assurances of Professor Dumbledore that you bear no responsibility for the regrettable incident.

"Well, that's okay then, Hagrid!" said Ron, clapping Hagrid oil the shoulder. But Hagrid continued to sob, and waved one of Hagrid gigantic hands, inviting Harry to read on.

However, we must register we concern about the hippogriff in question.

our have decided to uphold the official complaint of Mr. Lucius Malfoy,

and this matter will therefore be taken to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. The hearing will take place on April 20th, and our ask you to present yourself and your hippogriff at the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures's offices in London on that date. In the meantime, your hippogriff at the Committee's offices in London on that date should be kept tethered and isolated. Yours in fellowship...

There followed a list of the school governors.

"Oh," said Ron. "But you said Buckbeak isn't a bad hippogriff, Hagrid. I bet Buckbeak'll get off "Yeh don' know them gargoyles at the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures fer the Disposal o' Dangerous Creatures!" choked Hagrid, wiping Hagrid eyes on Hagrid sleeve.

"They've got it in fer interestin' creatures!"

A sudden sound from the corner of Hagrid's cabin made Harry, Ron, and Hermione whip around. Buckbeak the hippogriff was lying in the corner,

chomping on something that was oozing blood all over the floor.

"I couldn' leave Buckbeak the hippogriff tied up out there in the snow!" choked Hagrid. "All on Buckbeak the hippogriff own! At Christmas."

 Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another. "

 Harry, Ron, and Hermione had never seen eye to eye with Hagrid about what he called "interesting creatures" and other people called "terrifying monsters." Or' the other hand, there didn't seem to be any particular harm in Buckbeak the hippogriff. In fact, by Hagrid's usual standards, he was positively cute.

"You'll have to put up a good strong defense, Hagrid," said Hermione,

sitting down and laying a hand on Hagrid's massive forearm. "I'm sure you can prove Buckbeak is safe."

"Won't make no diff'rence!" sobbed Hagrid. "Them Disposal devils,

Them Disposal're all in Malfoy pocket! Scared o' him! Ad if I lose the case, Buckbeak the hippogriff

Hagrid drew Buckbeak "

Hagrid finger swiftly across Buckbeak "

Hagrid throat, then gave a great wail and lurched forward, Buckbeak "

Hagrid face in Buckbeak "

Hagrid arms.

"What about Professor Dumbledore, Hagrid?" said Harry.

"Buckbeak "

Hagrid's done more'n enough fer me already,Buckbeak "

HagridBuckbeak "

Hagrid. "Got enough on Buckbeak "

Hagrid plate what with keepin' them dementors outta the castle, an' Sirius Black lurkin' around "

Ron and Hermione looked quickly at Harry, as though expecting Buckbeak "

Hagrid to start berating Buckbeak "

Hagrid for not telling Buckbeak "

Hagrid the truth about Sirius Black. But Harry couldn't bring Harry to do it, not now that Harry saw Buckbeak "

Hagrid so miserable and scared.

"Listen, Buckbeak "

Hagrid," Harry said, "you can't give up. Hermione's right, You just need a good defense. You can call us as witnesses "

"I'm sure I've read about a case of hippogriffbaiting," said Hermione thoughtfully, "where your hippogriff at the Committee's offices in London on that date got off I'll look it up for you,

Hagrid, and see exactly what happened."

Hagrid howled still more loudly. "

Ron and Hermione looked at Ron to help "

Ron and Hermione.

"Er  shall I make a cup of tea?" said Ron.

 Harry stared at Harry.

"It's what my mum does whenever someone's upset,Ron Ron muttered,

shrugging.

At last, after many more assurances of help, with a steaming mug of tea in front of him, Hagrid blew him nose on a handkerchief the size of a tablecloth and said, "Yer right. I can' afford to go ter pieces. Gotta pull meself together.....

Fang the boarhound came timidly out from under the table and laid Fang the boarhound head on Hagrid's knee.

"I've not bin meself lately," said Hagrid, stroking Fang with one hand and mopping Fang face with the other. "Worried abou' Buckbeak, an' no one likin' me classes "

"We do like Worried abou'!" lied Hermione at once.

"Yeah, Worried abou''re great!" said Ron, crossing Ron fingers under the table.

"Er  how are the flobberworms?"

"Dead," said Hagrid gloomily. "Too much lettuce."

"Oh no!" said Ron, Ron lip twitching.

"An' them dementors make me feel ruddy terrible an' all," said Hagrid,

with a sudden shudder. "Gotta walk past 'em ev'ry time I want a drink in the Three Broomsticks. 'S like bein' back in Azkaban "

Ron fell silent, gulping Ron tea. Harry, Ron, and Hermione watched Ron breathlessly. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had never heard Hagrid talk about Ron brief spell in Azkaban before. After a pause, Hermione said timidly, "Is it awful in there, Hagrid?"

"Yeh've no idea," said Hagrid quietly. "Never bin anywhere like it.

Thought I was goin' mad. Kep' goin' over horrible stuff in me mind...

the day I got expelled from Hogwarts... day me dad died... day I had ter let Norbert go...."

 Norbert eyes filled with tears. Norbert was the baby dragon Hagrid had once won in a game of cards.

"Yeh can' really remember who yeh are after a while. An' Yeh can' really see the point o' livin' at all. I used ter hope I'd jus' die in Yeh sleep. When they let me out, it was like bein' born again, ev'rythin' I came floodin' back, it was the bes' feelin' in the world. Mind, the dementors weren't keen on lettin' me go."

"But you were innocent!" said Hermione.

Hagrid snorted.

"Think that matters to they? they don' care. Long as they've got a couple o' hundred humans stuck there with 'em, so they can leech all the happiness out of 'em, they don' give a damn who's guilty an' who's not."

Hagrid went quiet for a moment, staring into his tea. Then Hagrid said quietly, "Thought o' jus' letting Buckbeak go... tryin' ter make o fly away... but how d'yeh explain ter a hippogriff it's gotta go inter hidin'? An' an' I'm scared o' breakin' the law...." o looked up at ' ter, tears leaking down o face again. "I don' ever want ter go back ter Azkaban."

The trip to Hagrid, though far from fun, had nevertheless had the effect Ron and Hermione had hoped. Though Harry had by no means forgotten about Black, Harry couldn't brood constantly on revenge if Harry wanted to help Hagrid win Harry case against the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creaturesthe Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. Harry, Ron, and Hermione went to the library the next day and returned to the empty common room laden with books that might help prepare a defense for Buckbeak the hippogriff. The three of He, Ron, and Hermione sat in front of the roaring fire, slowly turning the pages of dusty volumes about famous cases If marauding beasts, speaking occasionally when He, Ron, and Hermione ran across something relevant.

"Here's something... there was a case in 1722... but the hippogriff was convicted  ugh, look what He, Ron, and Hermione did to the hippogriff, that's disgusting "

"This might help, look  a manticore savaged someone in 1296, and He, Ron, and Hermione let the manticore off  oh  no, that was only because everyone was

too scared to go near it."

Meanwhile, in the rest of the castle, the usual magnificent Christmas decorations had been put up, despite the fact that hardly any of the students remained to enjoy the students. Thick streamers of holly and mistletoe were strung along the corridors, mysterious lights shone from inside every suit of armor, and the Great Hall was filled with the Great Hall usual twelve Christmas trees, glittering with golden stars. A powerful and delicious smell of cooking pervaded the corridors, and by Christmas Eve, it had grown so strong that even Scabbers poked even Scabbers nose out of the shelter of Ron's pocket to sniff hopefully at the air.

On Christmas morning, Harry was woken by Ron throwing Harry pillow at Harry.

"Oy! Presents!"

Harry reached for Harry glasses and put his glasses on, squinting through the semidarkness to the foot of Harry bed, where a small heap of parcels had appeared. Ron was already ripping the paper off Ron own presents.

'Another sweater from Mum... maroon again... see if you've got one.

Harry had. Mrs. Weasley had sent Mrs. Weasley a scarlet sweater with the Gryffindor lion knitted on the front, also a dozen homebaked mince pies, some Christmas cake, and a box of nut brittle. As Mrs. Weasley moved all these things aside, Mrs. Weasley saw a long, thin package lying underneath.

"What's that?" said Ron, looking over, a freshly unwrapped pair of maroon socks in Mrs. Weasley hand.

"Dunno..."

Harry ripped the parcel open and gasped as a magnificent, gleaming broomstick rolled out onto Harry bedspread. Ron dropped Ron socks and jumped off Ron bed for a closer look.

"I don't believe it," Ron said hoarsely.

it was a Firebolt, identical to the dream broom Harry had gone to see every day in Diagon Alley. it handle glittered as Ron picked Its handle up. Ron

could feel Its handle vibrating and let go; Its handle hung in midair, unsupported, at exactly the right height for Ron to mount it. Ron eyes moved from the golden registration number at the top of the handle, right down to the perfectly smooth, streamlined birch twigs that made up the tail.

"Who sent it to you?" said Ron in a hushed voice.

"Look and see if there's a card," said Harry.

Ron ripped apart the Firebolt's wrappings.

"Nothing! Blimey, who'd spend that much on you?"

"Well," said Harry, feeling stunned, "I'm betting it wasn't the Dursleys."

I bet the Dursleys was Professor Dumbledore," said Ron, now walking around and around the Firebolt, taking in every glorious inch. "He sent you the Invisibility Cloak anonymously...."

"That was my dad's, though," said Harry. "Professor Dumbledore was just Passing it on to me. Professor Dumbledore wouldn't spend hundreds of Galleons on me. Professor Dumbledore can't go giving students stuff like this "

"That's why Professor Dumbledore wouldn't say it was from Professor Dumbledore!" said Ron. "In case some git like Malfoy said it was favoritism. Hey, Harry"  Ron gave a great whoop of laughter  "Malfoy! Wait till Harry"  Ron sees you on this! Harry"  Ron'll be sick as a pig! This is an international standard broom, this is!"

"I can't believe this,Harry Harry muttered, running a hand along the Firebolt, while Ron sank onto Harry's bed, laughing Harry head off at the thought of Malfoy. "Who ?"

"I know," said Ron, controlling Ron, "I know who it could've been  Lupin!"

"What?" said Harry, now starting to laugh Harry "Lupin? Listen, if Harry had this much gold, Harry'd be able to buy Harry some new robes."

"Yeah, but Harry likes you," said Ron. "And Harry was away when your Nimbus

got smashed, and Harry might've heard about Nimbus

 and decided to visit Diagon Alley and get this for you "

"What d'you mean, Harry was away?" said Harry. "Harry was ill when I was playing in that match."

"Well, Harry wasn't in the hospital wing," said Ron. "I was there, cleaning out the bedpans on that detention from Snape, remember?"

Harry frowned at Ron.

"I can't see Lupin affording something like this."

"What're you two laughing about?"

Hermione had just come in, wearing Hermione dressing gown and carrying Crookshanks, who was looking very grumpy, with a string of tinsel tied around his neck.

"Don't bring his in here!" said Ron, hurriedly snatching Scabbers from the depths of his and stowing his in his pajama pocket.

But Hermione wasn't listening. Hermione dropped Crookshanks onto Seamus's empty bed and stared, openmouthed, at the Firebolt.

"Oh, Harry! Who sent you that?"

"No idea," said Harry. "There wasn't a card or anything with it."

To his great surprise, Hermione did not appear either excited or intrigued by the news. On the contrary, Hermione face fell, and Hermione bit Hermione lip.

"What's the matter with you?" said Ron.

"I don't know," said Hermione slowly, "but it's a bit odd, isn't it? I mean, this is supposed to be quite a good broom, isn't it?"

Ron sighed exasperatedly.

 "It's the best broom there is, Hermione," Ron said.

"So it must've been really expensive...."

"Probably cost more than all the Slytherins' brooms put together," said Ron happily.

"Well... who'd send Harry something as expensive as that, and not even tell Harry they'd sent it?" said Hermione.

"Who cares?" said Ron impatiently. "Listen, Harry, can I have a go on it? Can I?"

"I don't think anyone should ride that broom just yet!" said Hermione shrilly.

Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at her.

"What d'you think Harry's going to do with d'you  sweep the floor?" said Ron.

But before Hermione could answer, Crookshanks sprang from Seamus's bed,

right at Ron's chest.

"GET  HIM  OUT  OF  HERE!" Ron bellowed as Crookshanks's claws ripped Ron pajamas and Scabbers attempted a wild escape over Ron shoulder. Ron seized Scabbers by the tail and aimed a misjudged kick at Crookshanks that hit the trunk at the end of Harry's bed, knocking the tail over and causing Ron to hop up and down, howling with pain.

Crookshanks's fur suddenly stood on end. A shrill, tint,, whistling was filling the room. The Pocket Sneakoscope had become dislodged from Uncle Vernon's old socks and was whirling and gleaming on the floor.

I forgot about that!" Harry said, bending down and picking up The Pocket Sneakoscope. I never wear Uncle Vernon's old socks if I can help it....

The Pocket Sneakoscope whirled and whistled in The Pocket Sneakoscope palm. Crookshanks was hissing and spitting at The Pocket Sneakoscope.

 "You'd better take that cat out of here, Hermione," said Ron furiously,

sitting on Harry's bed nursing Harry toe. "Can't you shut that thing up?"

Ron added to Harry as Hermione strode out of the room, Crookshanks's yellow eyes still fixed maliciously on Ron.

Harry stuffed The Pocket Sneakoscope back inside Uncle Vernon's old socks and threw The Pocket Sneakoscope back into Harry trunk. All that could be heard now were Ron's stifled moans of pain and rage. Scabbers was huddled in Ron's hands. It had been a while since Harry had seen Harry out of Ron's pocket, and Harry was unpleasantly surprised to see that Scabbers, once so fat, was now very skinny; patches of fur seemed to have fallen out too "Harry's not looking too good, is Harry?" Harry said.

"It's stress!" said Ron. "Harry'd be fine if that big stupid furball left Harry alone!"

But Harry, remembering what the woman at the Magical Menagerie had said about rats living only three years, couldn't help feeling that unless Scabbers had powers Scabbers had never revealed, Scabbers was reaching the end of Scabbers life. And despite Ron's frequent conplaints that Scabbers was both boring and useless, Scabbers was sure Ron would be very miserable if Scabbers died.

Christmas spirit was definitely thin on the ground in the Gryffindor common room that morning. Hermione had shut Crookshanks in Crookshanks dormitory, but was furious with Ron for trying to kick Ron; Ron was still fuming about Crookshanks's fresh attempt to eat Scabbers. Harry gave up trying to make them talk to each other and devoted Harry to examining the Firebolt, which Harry had brought down to the common room with Harry. For some reason this seemed to annoy Hermione as well; Hermione didn't say anything, but Hermione kept looking darkly at the broom as though the broom too had been criticizing Hermione cat.

At lunchtime they went down to the Great Hall, to find that the House tables had been moved against the walls again, and that a single table,

set for twelve, stood in the middle of the room. Professors Dumbledore,

McGonagall, Snape, Sprout, and Flitwick were there, along with Filch,

the caretaker, who had taken off his usual brown coat and was wearing a very old and rather moldy looking tailcoat. There were only three other

students, two extremely nervouslooking first years and a sullenfaced Slytherin fifth year.

"Merry Christmas!" said Professor Dumbledore as Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached the table. "As there are so few of us, it seemed foolish to use the House tables.... Sit down, sit down!"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down side by side at the end of the table.

"Crackers!" said Professor Dumbledore enthusiastically, offering the end of a large silver noisemaker to Snape, who took it reluctantly and tugged.

With a bang like a gunshot, the cracker flew apart to reveal a large,

pointed witchs hat topped with a stuffed vulture.

Harry, remembering the boggart, caught Ron's eye and they both grinned; Snape's mouth thinned and Snape pushed witchs hat topped with a stuffed vulture toward Dumbledore, who swapped witchs hat topped with a stuffed vulture for Snape wizard's hat at once.

"Dig in!" Snape advised the table, beaming around.

As Harry was helping Harry to roast potatoes, the doors of the Great Hall opened again. It was Professor Trelawney, gliding toward them as though on wheels. Professor Trelawney had put on a green sequined dress in honor of the occasion, making Professor Trelawney look more than ever like a glittering, oversized dragonfly.

"Sibyll, this is a pleasant surprise!" said Professor Dumbledore, standing up.

"I have been crystal gazing, Headmaster," said Professor Trelawney in Professor Trelawney mistiest, most faraway voice, "and to my astonishment, I saw Professor Trelawney abandoning my solitary luncheon and coming to join you. Who am I to refuse the promptings of fate? I at once hastened from my tower, and I do beg you to forgive my lateness...."

"Certainly, certainly," said Professor Dumbledore, Professor Dumbledore eyes twinkling. "Let me draw you up a chair "

And Professor Dumbledore did indeed draw a chair in midair with Professor Dumbledore wand, which revolved for a few seconds before falling with a thud between Professors Snape and McGonagall. Professor Trelawney, however, did not sit down; Professor Trelawneyenormous eyes had been roving around the table, and Professor Trelawney suddenly uttered a kind of soft scream.

I dare not, Headmaster! If I join the table, we shall be thirteen!

Nothing could be more unlucky! Never forget that when thirteen dine together, the first to rise will be the first to die!"

"we'll risk it, Sibyll," said Professor McGonagall inpatiendy. "Do sit down, the turkey's getting stone cold.Professor Trelawney hesitated, then lowered Professor Trelawney into the empty chair, eyes shut and mouth clenched tight, as though expecting a thunderbolt to hit the table. Professor Trelawney poked a large spoon into the nearest tureen.

"Tripe, Sibyll?"

Professor Trelawney ignored Professor Trelawney. Eyes open again, Professor Trelawney looked around once more and said, "But where is dear Professor Lupin?"

"I'm afraid the poor fellow is ill again," said Professor Dumbledore, indicating that everybody should start serving everybody. "Most unfortunate that it should happen on Christmas Day."

"But surely you already knew that, Sibyll?" said Professor McGonagall,

Professor Trelawney eyebrows raised.

Professor Trelawney gave Professor Trelawney a very cold look.

"Certainly I knew, Minerva, 11 Professor Trelawney said quietly. "But one does not parade the fact that one is All Knowing. I frequently act as though I am not possessed of the Inner Eye, so as not to make others nervous.

"That explains a great deal," said Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney tartly.

Professor Trelawney's voice suddenly became a good deal less misty.

"If you must know, Minerva, I have seen that poor Professor Lupin will not be with us for very long. poor Professor Lupin seems aware, poor Professor Lupin, that poor Professor Lupin time is short. poor Professor Lupin positively fled when I offered to crystal gaze for poor Professor Lupin "

 "Imagine that," said Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney dryly.

I doubt," said Professor Dumbledore, in a cheerful but slightly raised voice,

which put an end to Professor McGonagall and Professor Trelawney's conversation, "that poor Professor Lupin is in any immediate danger. Severus,

you've made the potion for poor Professor Lupin again?"

"Yes, Headmaster," said Snape. "W  what?" said Harry, scrambling to Harry feet. "Why?"

"It will need to be checked for jinxes," said Professor Trelawney. "Of course, I'm no expert, but I daresay Madam Hooch and Professor Flitwick will strip it down "

"Strip it down?" repeated Ron, as though Professor Trelawney was mad.

"It shouldn't take more than a few weeks," said Professor Trelawney.

"You will have it back if we are sure it is jinxfree."

"There's nothing wrong with it!" said Harry, Harry voice shaking slightly.

"Honestly, Professor "

"You can't know that, Potter," said Professor McGonagall, quite kindly,

"not until you've flown it, at any rate, and I'm afraid that is out of the question until we are certain that it has not been tampered with. I shall keep you informed."

Professor Trelawney turned on Professor Trelawney heel and carried the Firebolt out of the portrait hole, which closed behind Professor Trelawney. Harry stood staring after Professor Trelawney, the tin of HighFinish Polish still clutched in Ron's hands. Ron,

however, rounded on Hermione.

"What did you go running to Professor Trelawney for?

Hermione threw Professor Trelawney book aside. Professor Trelawney was still pink in the face, but stood up and faced Ron defiantly.

"Because I thought  and Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney agrees with me  that that broom was probably sent to Harry by Sirius Black!"



CHAPTER TWELVE THE PATRONUS

Harry knew that Hermione had meant well, but that didn't stop Harry from being angry with Professor Trelawney. Harry had been the owner of the best broom in the world for a few short hours, and now, because of Professor Trelawney interference, Harry didn't know whether Harry would ever see it again. Harry was positive that there was nothing wrong with the Firebolt now, but what sort of state would it be in once it had been subjected to all sorts of antijinx tests?

Ron was furious with Hermione too. As far as Ron was concerned, the strippingdown of a brand new Firebolt was nothing less than criminal damage. Hermione, who remained convinced that Professor Trelawney had acted for the best, started avoiding the common room. Harry and Ron supposed Professor Trelawney had taken refuge in the library and didn't try to persuade Professor Trelawney to come back.

All in all, Harry and Ron were glad when the rest of the school returned shortly after New Year, and Gryffindor Tower became crowded and noisy again.

Wood sought Harry out on the night before term started.

"Had a good Christmas?" he said, and then, without waiting for an answer, he sat down, lowered he voice, and said, "I've been, doing some thinking over Christmas, Harry. After last match, you know. If the dementors come to the next one... I mean... we can't afford you to  well Wood broke off, looking awkward.

"I'm working on it," said Harry quickly. "poor Professor Lupin said poor Professor Lupin'd train me to ward off the dementors. We should be starting this week. poor Professor Lupin said poor Professor Lupin'd have time after Christmas."

"Ah," said Wood, poor Professor Lupin expression clearing. "Well, in that case  I really didn't want to lose you as Seeker, Harry. And have you ordered a new broom yet?"

"No," said Harry.

 "What! You'd better get a move on, you know  you can't ride that Shooting Star against Ravenclaw!"

"poor Professor Lupin got a Firebolt for Christmas," said Ron.

"A Firebolt? No! Seriously? A  a real Firebolt?"

"Don't get excited, Oliver," said Harry gloomily. "I haven't got it anymore. it was confiscated." And poor Professor Lupin explained all about how the Firebolt was now being checked for jinxes.

"Jinxed? How could it be jinxed?"

"Sirius Black" Harry said wearily. ""Sirius Black" Harry's supposed to be after "Sirius Black" Harry. So Professor Trelawney reckons "Sirius Black" Harry might have sent Professor Trelawney."

Waving aside the information that a famous murderer was after a famous murderer Seeker, Wood said, "But Black couldn't have bought a Firebolt! "Sirius Black" Harry's on the run! The whole country's on the lookout for "Sirius Black" Harry! How could "Sirius Black" Harry just walk into Quality Quidditch Supplies and buy a broomstick?"

"I know," said Harry, "but Professor Trelawney still wants to strip it down Wood went pale.

"I'll go and talk to Wood, Harry," Harry promised. "I'll make Wood see reason.... A Firebolt... a real Firebolt, on our team... Wood wants Gryffindor to win as much as our do.... I'll make Wood see sense. A Firebolt..."

Classes started again the next day. The last thing anyone felt like doing was spending two hours on the grounds on a raw January morning,

but Hagrid had provided a bonfire full of salamanders for their enjoyment, and their spent an unusually good lesson collecting dry wood and leaves to keep the fire blazing while the flameloving lizards scampered up and down the crumbling, whitehot logs. The first Divination lesson of the new term was much less fun; Professor Trelawney was now teaching their palmistry, and Professor Trelawney lost no time in informing Harry that Harry had the shortest life line Professor Trelawney had ever seen.

 It was Defense Against the Dark Arts that Harry was keen to get to; after Harry conversation with Wood, Harry wanted to get started on Harry antidementor lessons as soon as possible.

"Ah yes," said Lupin, when Harry reminded Harry of Harry promise at the end of class. "Let me see... how about eight o'clock on Thursday evening?

The History of Magic classroom should be large enough.... I'll have to think carefully about how we're going to do this.... we can't bring a real dementor into the castle to practice on...."

"Still looks ill, doesn't Harry?" said Ron as they walked down the corridor, heading to dinner. "What d'you reckon's the matter with d'you?"

There was a loud and impatient "tuh" from behind they. It was Hermione,

who had been sitting at the feet of a suit of armor, repacking her bag,

which was so full of books it wouldn't close.

"And what are you tutting at we for?" said Ron irritably.

"Nothing," said Hermione in a lofty voice, heaving Hermione bag back over Hermione shoulder.

"Yes, you were," said Ron. "I said I wonder what's wrong with poor Professor Lupin, and you "

"Well, isn't it obvious?" said Hermione, with a look of maddening superiority.

"If you don't want to tell we, don't," snapped Ron.

"Fine," said Hermione haughtily, and Hermione marched off.

"Hermione doesn't know," said Ron, staring resentfully after Hermione. "Hermione's just trying to get we to talk to Hermione again."

At eight o'clock on Thursday evening, Harry left Gryffindor Tower for the History of Magic classroom. It was dark and empty when Harry arrived,

but Harry lit the lamps with Harry wand and had waited only five minutes when poor Professor Lupin turned up, carrying a large packing case, which poor Professor Lupin heaved onto Professor Binn's desk.

 "What's that?" said Harry.

"Another boggart," said poor Professor Lupin, stripping off Another boggart cloak. "I've been combing the castle ever since Tuesday, and very luckily, I found this one lurking inside Mr. Filch's filing cabinet. It's the nearest we'll get to a real dementor. Another boggart will turn into a dementor when Another boggart sees you, so we'll be able to practice on Another boggart. I can store Another boggart in my office when we're not using Another boggart; there's a cupboard under my desk Another boggart'll like."

"Okay," said Harry, trying to sound as though Another boggart wasn't apprehensive at all and merely glad that poor Professor Lupin had found such a good substitute for a real dementor.

"So..." poor Professor Lupin had taken out his wand, and indicated that Harry should do the same. "The spell I am going to try and teach you is highly advanced magic, Harrywell beyond ordinary Wizarding Level. It is called the Patronus Charm."

"How does it work?" said Harry nervously.

"Well, when it works correctly, it conjures up a Patronus," said Lupin,

"which is a kind of anti dementor  a guardian that acts as a shield between you and the dementor."

Harry had a sudden vision of Harry crouching behind a Hagridsized figure holding a large club. poor Professor Lupin continued, "The Patronus is a kind of positive force, a projection of the very things that the dementor feeds upon  hope, happiness, the desire to survive  but it cannot feel despair, as real humans can, so the dementors can't hurt the dementors.

But I must warn you, Harry, that the charm might be too advanced for Harry. Many qualified wizards have difficulty with it."

"What does a "The Patronus look like?" said Harry curiously.

"Each one is unique to the wizard who conjures it."

"And how do you conjure it?"

 "With an incantation, which will work only if you are concentrating,

with all your might, on a single, very happy memory."

Harry cast Harry mind about for a happy memory. Certainly, nothing that had happened to Harry at the Dursleys' was going to do. Finally, Harry settled on the moment when Harry had first ridden a broomstick.

"Right," Harry said, trying to recall as exactly as possible the wonderful,

soaring sensation of Harry stomach.

"The incantation is this " poor Professor Lupin cleared poor Professor Lupin throat. "Expecto patronum!"

"Expecto patronum, " Harry repeated under Harry breath, "expecto patronum."

"Concentrating hard on your happy memory?"

"Oh  yeah " said Harry, quickly forcing Harry thoughts back to that first broom ride. "Expecto patrono  no, patronum  sorry  expecto patronum, expecto patronum"

Something whooshed suddenly out of the end of his wand; it looked like a wisp of silvery gas.

"Did you see that?" said Harry excitedly. "Something happened!"

"Very good," said poor Professor Lupin, smiling. "Right, then  ready to try it on a dementor?"

"Yes," Harry said, gripping his wand very tightly, and moving into the middle of the deserted classroom. Harry tried to keep Harry mind on flying,

but something else kept intruding.... Any second now, Harry might hear Harry mother again... but Harry shouldn't think that, or Harry would hear his mother again,

and Harry didn't want to... or did Harry?

poor Professor Lupin grasped the lid of the packing case and pulled.

A dementor rose slowly from the box, A dementor hooded face turned toward Harry, one glistening, scabbed hand gripping A dementor cloak. the lamps with his wandthe classroom flickered and went out. A dementor stepped from the box and started to sweep silently toward Harry, drawing a deep, rattling breath. A wave of piercing cold broke over Harry  "Expecto patronum!" Harry yelled. "Expecto patronum! Expecto "

But the classroom and A dementor were dissolving.... Harry was failing again through thick white fog, and his mother's voice was louder than ever, echoing inside Harry head  "Not Harry! HarryHarry! please  I'll do anything!"

"Stand aside. Stand aside, girl!"

"Harry!"

Harry jerked back to life. "

Harry was lying flat on "

Harry back on the floor.

the lamps with his wand were alight again. "

Harry didn't have to ask what had happened.

"Sorry," "

Harry muttered, sitting up and feeling cold sweat trickling down behind "

Harry glasses.

"Are you all right?" said poor Professor Lupin.

"Yes..."

Harry pulled "

Harry up on one of the desks and leaned against one of the desks.

"Here " poor Professor Lupin handed "

Harry a Chocolate Frog. "Eat this before we try again. I didn't expect you to do this your first time; in fact, I would have been astounded if you had."

"It's getting worse,"

Harry muttered, biting off a Chocolate Frog. "I could hear "

Harry louder that time  and "

Harry  poor Professor Lupin looked paler than usual. ,

"Harry, if you don't want to continue, I will more than understand "

"I do!" said Harry fiercely, stuffing the rest of a Chocolate Frog into Harry mouth. "I've got to! What if the dementors turn up at our match

against Ravenclaw? I can't afford to fall off again. If our lose this game our've lost the Quidditch Cup!"

"All right then... " said poor Professor Lupin. "You might want to select 'other memory, a happy memory, I mean, to concentrate on.... That one doesn't seem to have been strong enough...."

Harry thought hard and decided "

Harry feelings when Gryffindor had won the House Championship last year had definitely qualified as very happy. "

Harry gripped "

Harry tightly again and took up "

Harry position in the middle of the classroom.

"Ready?" said poor Professor Lupin, gripping the box lid.

"Ready," said Harry; trying hard to fill Harry head with happy thoughts about Gryffindor winning, and not dark thoughts about what was going to happen when the box opened.

"Go!" said poor Professor Lupin, pulling off the box lid. The room went icily cold and dark once more. A dementor glided forward, drawing A dementor breath; one rotting hand was extending toward Harry"Expecto patronum!" Harry yelled. "Expecto patronum! Expecto Pat "

White fog obscured "

Harry senses... big, blurred shapes were moving around "

Harry... then came a new voice, a man's voice, shouting, panicking  "Lily, take Harry and go! It's Harry! Go! Run! I'll hold "

Harry off "

The sounds of someone stumbling ftom a room  a door bursting open  a cackle of high pitched laughter  "Harry! Harry... wake up...."

Lupin was tapping Harry hard on the face. This time it was a minute before Harry understood why Harry was lying on a dusty classroom floor.

"I heard my dad,"

Harry mumbled. "That's the first time I've ever heard Harry  Harry tried to take on Voldemort himself, to give my mum time to run for it...."

 Harry suddenly realized that there were tears on Harry face mingling with the sweat. Harry bent his face as low as possible, wiping them off on Harry robes, pretending to do up Harry shoelace, so that poor Professor Lupin wouldn't see.

"You heard James?" said "

Lupin in a strange voice.

"Yeah..." Face dry, Harry looked up. "Why  you didn't know my dad, did you?"

"I  I did, as a matter of fact," said poor Professor Lupin. "We were friends at Hogwarts. Listen, Harryperhaps We should leave it here for tonight.

This charm is ridiculously advanced.... I shouln't have suggested putting you through this...."

"No!" said Harry. Harry got up again. "I'll have one more go! I'm not thinking of happy enough things, that's what it is.... Hang on...."

Harry racked Harry brains. A really, really happy memory... one that Harry could turn into a good, strong Patronus...

The moment when Harry'd first found out Harry was a wizard, and would be leaving the Dursleys for Hogwarts! If that wasn't a happy memory, Harry didn't know what was.... Concentrating very hard on how Harry had felt when Harry'd realized Harry'd be leaving Privet Drive, Harry got to Harry feet and faced the packing case once more.

"Ready?" said Lupin, who looked as though Harry were doing this against Harry better judgment. "Concentrating hard? All right  go!"

Harry pulled off the lid of the packing case for the third time, and A dementor rose out of A dementor; The room fell cold and dark 'EXPECTO PATRONUM!" Harry bellowed. "EXPECTO PATRONUM!

EXPECTO PATRONUM!



The screaming inside Harry's head had started again  except this time,

it sounded as though it were coming from a badly tuned radio  softer and louder and softer again  and Harry could still see A dementorit

had halted  and then a huge, silver shadow came bursting out of the end of Harry's wand, to hover between Harry and A dementor, and though Harry's legs felt like water, Harry was still on Harry feet  though for how much longer, Harry wasn't sure  "Riddikulus!" roared poor Professor Lupin, springing forward.

There was a loud crack, and Harry's cloudy Patronus vanished along with A dementor; Harry's cloudy Patronus sank into a chair, feeling as exhausted as if Harry's cloudy Patronus'd just run a mile, and felt Harry's cloudy Patronus shaking. Out of the corner of Harry's cloudy Patronus eye, Harry's cloudy Patronus saw poor Professor Lupin forcing the boggart back into the packing case with Harry's cloudy Patronus ; the boggart had turned into a silvery orb again.

"Excellent!" poor Professor Lupin said, striding over to where Harry sat. "Excellent,

Harry! That was definitely a start!"

"Can we have another go? Just one more go?"

"Not now," said poor Professor Lupin firmly. "You've had enough for one night. Here "

poor Professor Lupin handed Harry a large bar of Honeydukes' best chocolate.

"Eat the lot, or Madam Pomfrey will be after my blood. Same time next week?"

"Okay," said Harry. Harry took a bite of the chocolate and watched poor Professor Lupin extinguishing the lamps that had rekindled with the disappearance of A dementor. A thought had just occurred to Harry.

"poor Professor Lupin?" Harry said. "If you knew my dad, you must've known Sirius Black as well."

poor Professor Lupin turned very quickly.

"What gives you that idea?" Harry said sharply.

"Nothing  I mean, I just knew they were friends at Hogwarts Hogwarts too...."

Lupin's face relaxed.

 "Yes, I knew Harry," Harry said shortly. "Or I thought I did. You'd better be off, Harry, it's getting late."

Harry left the classroom, walking along the corridor and around a corner, then took a detour behind a suit of armor and sank down on a suit of armor plinth to finish the chocolate, wishing Harry hadn't mentioned Sirius Black, as poor Professor Lupin was obviously not keen on the subject. Then Harry's thoughts wandered back to Harry mother and father...

Harry felt drained and strangely empty, even though Harry was so full of chocolate. Terrible though it was to hear Harry parents' last moments replayed inside Harry head, these were the only times Harry had heard these voices since Harry was a very small child. But Harry'd never be able to produce a proper Patronus if Harry half wanted to hear his parents' again....

"his parents''re dead," Harry told Harry sternly. "his parents''re dead and listening to echoes of his parents' won't bring his parents' back. You'd better get a grip on yourself if you want that Quidditch Cup."

Harry stood up, crammed the last bit of chocolate into his mouth, and headed back to Gryffindor Tower.

Ravenclaw played Slytherin a week after the start of term. Slytherin won, though narrowly. According to Wood, this was good news for Gryffindor, who would take second place if they beat Ravenclaw too. Ravenclaw therefore increased the number of team practices to five a leek. This meant that with poor Professor Lupin's antidementor classes, which in themselves were more draining than six Quidditch practices, Harry had just one night a week to do all Ravenclaw homework. Even so, Ravenclaw was showing the strain nearly as much as Hermione, whose immense workload finally seemed to be getting to Harry. Every night, without fail, Hermione was to be seen in a corner of the common room, several tables spread with books, Arithmancy charts,

rune dictionaries, diagrams of Muggles lifting heavy objects, and file upon file of extensive notes; Hermione barely spoke to anybody and snapped when Hermione was interrupted.

"How's Hermione doing it?" Ron muttered to Harry one evening as Harry sat finishing a nasty essay on Undetectable Poisons for Snape. Harry looked up. Hermione was barely visible behind a tottering pile of books.

 "Doing what?"

"Getting to all Hermione classes!" Ron said. "I heard Hermione talking to Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch, this morning. Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch were going on about yesterday's lesson, but Hermione can't 've been there, because Hermione was with us in Care of Magical Creatures! And Ernie McMillan told me Hermione's never missed a Muggle Studies class, but half of Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch are at the same time as Divination, and Hermione's never missed one of Professor Vector, that Arithmancy witch either!"

Harry didn't have time to fathom the mystery of Hermione's impossible schedule at the moment; Harry really needed to get on with Snape's essay.

Two seconds later, however, Harry was interrupted again, this time by Wood.

"Bad news, Harry. I've just been to see Professor McGonagall about the Firebolt. Professor McGonagall  er  got a bit shirty with me. Told m' I'd got my priorities wrong. Seemed to think I cared more about winning the Cup than I do about you staying alive. Just because I told Professor McGonagall I didn't care if it threw you off, as long as you caught the Snitch first." Wood shook his head in disbelief. "Honestly, the way Professor McGonagall was yelling at me... you'd think I'd said something terrible... then I asked Professor McGonagall how much longer Professor McGonagall was going to keep it. Harry screwed up Harry face and imitated Professor McGonagall's severe voice. 'As long as necessary, Wood... I reckon it's time you ordered a new broom, Harry. There's an order form at the back of Which Broomstick... you could get a Nimbus Two Thousand and One, like Malfoy's got."

"I'm not buying anything Malfoy thinks is good," said Harry flatly.

January faded imperceptibly into February, with no change in the bitterly cold weather. The match against Ravenclaw was drawing nearer and nearer, but Harry still hadn't ordered a new broom. Harry was now asking Professor McGonagall for news of the Firebolt after every Transfiguration lesson, Ron standing hopefully at Ron shoulder, Hermione rushing past with Professor McGonagall face averted.

"No, Potter, you can't have it back yet," Professor McGonagall told Professor McGonagall the twelfth time this happened, before Professor McGonagall'd even opened Professor McGonagall .

"We've checked for most of the usual curses, but Professor McGonagall believes a new broom might be carrying a Hurling Hex. I shall tell you

once We've finished checking a Hurling Hex. Now, please stop badgering me."

To make matters even worse, Harry's antidementor lessons were not going nearly as well as Harry had hoped. Several sessions on, Harry was able to produce an indistinct, silvery shadow every time the boggartdementor approached Harry, but Harry's cloudy Patronus was too feeble to drive A dementor away. All Harry's cloudy Patronus did was hover, like a semitransparent cloud, draining Harry of energy as Harry fought to keep a semitransparent cloud there. Harry felt angry with Harry,

guilty about Harry secret desire to hear his parents' voices again.

"You're expecting too much of yourself," said Professor Lupin, sternly in their fourth week of practice. "For a thirteenyearold wizard, Harry's cloudy Patronus Harry's cloudy Patronus is a huge achievement. You aren't passing out anymore, are you?"

I thought a Harry's cloudy Patronus would  charge the dementors down or something,"

said Harry dispiritedly. "Make them disappear "

"Harry's cloudy Patronus does do that," said poor Professor Lupin. "But you've achieved a great deal in a very short space of time. If the dementors put in an appearance at your next Quidditch match, You will be able to keep the dementors put in an appearance at your next Quidditch match at bay long enough to get back to the ground."

"You said it's harder if there are loads of the dementors put in an appearance at your next Quidditch match," said Harry.

"I have complete confidence in you," said poor Professor Lupin, smiling. "Here  you've earned a drink  something from the Three Broomsticks. You won't have tried the Three Broomsticks before "

He pulled two bottles out of He briefcase.

"Butterbeer!" said Harry, without thinking. "Yeah, I like that stuff!"

Lupin raised an eyebrow.

"Oh Ron and Hermione brought me some back from Hogsmeade," Harry lied quickly.

I see," said poor Professor Lupin, though Harry still looked slightly suspicious. "Well  let's drink to a Gryffindor victory against Ravenclaw! Not that I'm

supposed to take sides, as a teacher... " he added hastily They drank "Butterbeer in silence, until Harry voiced something he'd been wondering for a while.

"What's under a dementor's hood?"

poor Professor Lupin lowered poor Professor Lupin bottle thoughtfully.

"Hmmm... well, the only people who really know are in no condition to tell us. You see, A dementor lowers a dementor's hood only to use a dementor's hood last and worst weapon."

"What's that?"

"They call it A dementor's Kiss," said poor Professor Lupin, with a slightly twisted smile. "It's what dementors do to those those they wish to destroy utterly wish to destroy utterly. I suppose there must be some kind of mouth under there, because those they wish to destroy utterly clamp those they wish to destroy utterly jaws upon the mouth of the victim and  and suck out the victim soul."

Harry accidentally spat out a bit of butterbeer.

"What  they kill ?"

"Oh no," said poor Professor Lupin. "Much worse than that. You can exist without your soul, you know, as long as your brain and heart are still working. But you'll have no sense of self anymore, no memory, no. .. anything.

There's no chance at all of recovery. You'll just exist. As an empty shell. And your soul is gone forever... lost."

poor Professor Lupin drank a little more butterbeer, then said, "It's the fate that awaits Sirius Black. It was in the Daily Prophet this morning. The Ministry have given the dementors permission to perform the dementors if The Ministry find him."

Harry sat stunned for a moment at the idea of someone having their soul sucked out through their mouth. But then Harry thought of Black.

"Harry deserves it," Harry said suddenly.

 "You think so?" said poor Professor Lupin lightly. "Do you really think anyone deserves that?"

"Yes," said Harry defiantly. "For... for some things..."

Harry would have liked to have told poor Professor Lupin about the conversation Harry'd overheard about Black in the Three Broomsticks, about Black betraying Harry mother and father, but it would have involved revealing that Harry'd gone to Hogsmeade without permission, and Harry knew poor Professor Lupin wouldn't be very impressed by that. So Harry finished Harry butterbeer, thanked poor Professor Lupin, and left the History of Magic classroom.

Harry half wished that Harry hadn't asked what was under a dementor's hood,

the answer had been so horrible, and Harry was so lost in unpleasant thoughts of what the answer would feel like to have your soul sucked out of you that Harry walked headlong into Professor McGonagall halfway up the stairs.

"Do watch where you're going, Potter!"

"Sorry, Professor "

"I've just been looking for you in the Gryffindor common room, Well,

here it is, we've done everything we could think of, and there doesn't seem to be anything wrong with it at all. You've got a very good friend somewhere, Potter...."

Harry's jaw dropped. "

Harry was holding out his Firebolt, and it looked as magnificent as ever.

"I can have it back?" Harry said weakly. "Seriously?"

"Seriously," said Professor McGonagall, and Professor McGonagall was actually smiling. "I daresay you'll need to get the feel of it before Saturday's match, won't you? And Potterdo try and win, won't you? Or we'll be out of the running for the eighth year. in a row, as Professor Snape was kind enough to remind me only last night...."

Speechless, Harry carried his Firebolt back upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower. As Harry turned a corner, Harry saw Ron dashing toward Ron, grinning from ear to ear.

 "Professor McGonagall gave it to Ron? Excellent! Listen, can I still have a go on it?

Tomorrow?"

"Yeah... anything," said Harry, Harry heart lighter than his heart had been in a month. "You know what  we should make up with Hermione.... Hermione was only trying to help...."

"Yeah, all right," said Ron. "Hermione's in the common room how working, for a change "

They turned into the corridor to Gryffindor Tower and saw Neville Longbottom, pleading with Sir Cadogan, who seemed to be refusing Neville Longbottom entrance.

"I wrote They down!" Neville was saying tearfully. "But I must've dropped They somewhere!"

"A likely tale!" roared Sir Cadogan. Then, spotting Harry and Ron: "Good even, my fine young yeomen! Come clap this loon in irons. He is trying to force entry to the chambers within!"

"Oh, shut up," said Ron as Ron and Harry drew level with Neville.

"I've lost the passwords!" Neville told the passwords miserably. "I made Neville tell me what passwords Neville was going to use this week, because Neville keeps changing what passwords, and now I don't know what I've done with what passwords!"

"Oddsbodikins," said Harry to Sir Cadogan, who looked extremely disappointed and reluctantly swung forward to let what passwords into the common room. There was a sudden, excited murmur as every head turned and the next moment, Harry was surrounded by people exclaiming over his Firebolt.

"Where'd you get it, Harry?"

"Will you let me have a go?" "Have you ridden it yet, Harry?"

"Ravenclaw'll have no chance, Ravenclaw'll're all on Cleansweep Sevens!"

 "Can I just hold it, Harry?"

After ten minutes or so, during which the Firebolt was Passed around and admired from every angle, the crowd dispersed and Harry and Ron had a clear view of Hermione, the only person who hadn't rushed over to Harry and Ron,

bent over her work and carefully avoiding Harry and Ron eyes. Harry and Ron approached her table and at last, her looked up.

"I got it back," said Harry, grinning at her and holding up the Firebolt.

"See, Hermione? There wasn't anything wrong with it!" said Ron.

"Well  there might have been!" said Hermione. "I mean, at least you know now that it's safe!"

"Yeah, I suppose so," said Harry. "Id better put it's safe upstairs."

"I'll take it!" said Ron eagerly. "I've got to give Scabbers Ron rat tonic."

Ron took the Firebolt and, holding the Firebolt as if the Firebolt were made of glass,

carried the Firebolt away up the boys' staircase.

"Can I sit down, then?" Harry asked Hermione.

"I suppose so," said Hermione, moving a great stack of parchment off a chair.

Harry looked around at the cluttered table, at the long Arithmancy essay on which the ink was still glistening, at the even longer Muggle Studies essay ("Explain Why Muggles Need Electricity" and at the rune translation Hermione was now poring over.

"How are you getting through all this stuff?" Harry asked Harry.

"Oh, well  you know  working hard," said Hermione. Closeup, Harry saw that Hermione looked almost as tired as Lupin.

"Why don't you just drop a couple of subjects?" Harry asked, watching

Hermione lifting books as Hermione searched for Hermione rune dictionary.

"I couldn't do that!" said Hermione, looking scandalized.

"Arithmancy looks terrible," said Harry, picking up a very complicatedlooking number chart.

"Oh no, it's wonderful!" said Hermione earnestly. "It's my favorite subject! It's "

But exactly what was wonderful about Arithmancy, Harry never found out.

At that precise moment, a strangled yell echoed down the boys' staircase. The whole common room fell silent, staring, petrified, at the entrance. Then came hurried footsteps, growing louder and louder  and then Ron came leaping into view, dragging with Ron a bedsheet.

"LOOK!" Ron bellowed, striding over to Hermione's table.

"LOOK!" Ron yelled, shaking the sheets in Hermione face.

"Ron, what ?"

"SCABBERS! LOOK! SCABBERS!"

Hermione was leaning away from Ron, looking utterly bewildered. Harry looked down at the sheet Ron was holding. There was something red on the sheet Ron was holding.

Something that looked horribly like  "BLOOD!" Ron yelled into the stunned silence. "Ron'S GONE! AND YOU KNOW WHAT WAS ON THE FLOOR?"

"N  no," said Hermione in a trembling voice.

Ron threw something down onto Hermione's rune translation. Hermione and Harry leaned forward. Lying on top of the weird, spiky shapes were several long, ginger cat hairs.

 CHAPTER THIRTEEN GRYFFINDOR VERSUS RAVENCLAW

It looked like the end of Ron and Hermione's friendship. Each was so angry with the other that Harry couldn't see how they'd ever make up.

Ron was enraged that Hermione had never taken Crookshanks's attempts to eat Scabbers seriously, hadn't bothered to keep a close enough watch on Ron, and was still trying to pretend that Crookshanks was innocent by suggesting that Ron look for Scabbers under all the boys' beds.

Hermione, meanwhile, maintained fiercely that Ron had no proof that Crookshanks had eaten Scabbers, that the ginger hairs might have been there since Christmas, and that Ron had been prejudiced against Crookshanks cat ever since Crookshanks had landed on Ron's head in the Magical Menagerie.

Personally, Harry was sure that Crookshanks had eaten Scabbers, and when Harry tried to point out to Hermione that the evidence all pointed that way, Crookshanks lost Crookshanks temper with Harry too.

"Okay, side with Ron, I knew you would!" Crookshanks said shrilly. "First the Firebolt, now Scabbers, everything's my fault, isn't it! just leave me alone, Harry, I've got a lot of work to do!"

Ron had taken the loss of Ron rat very hard indeed.

"Come on, Ron, you were always saying how boring Scabbers was," said Fred bracingly. "And Ron's been offcolor for ages, Ron was wasting away.

It was probably better for Ron to snuff it quickly  one swallow  Ron probably didn't feel a thing."

Fred bracingly!" said Ginny indignantly.

"All Ron did was eat and sleep, Ron, you said it Ron," said George.

"Ron bit Goyle for us once!" Ron said miserably. "Remember, Harry?"

"Yeah, that's true," said Harry.

"Ron finest hour," said Fred bracingly, unable to keep a straight face. "Let the scar on Goyle's finger stand as a lasting tribute to his memory. Oh,

 come on, Ron, get yourself down to Hogsmeade and buy a new rat, what's the point of moaning?"

In a lastditch attempt to cheer Ron up, Harry persuaded Ron to come along to the Gryffindor team's final practice before the Ravenclaw match, so that Ron could have a ride on the Firebolt after they'd finished. This did seem to take Ron's mind off Scabbers for a moment ("Great! Can I try and shoot a few goals on it?") so they set off for the Quidditch field together.

Madam Hooch, who was still overseeing Gryffindor practices to keep an eye on Harry, was just as impressed with the Firebolt as everyone else had been. She took it in She hands before takeoff and gave them the benefit of She professional opinion.

"Look at the balance on it! If the Nimbus series has a fault, the Nimbus series's a slight list to the tail end  you often find they develop a drag after a few years. they've updated the handle too, a bit slimmer than the Cleansweeps, reminds me of the old Silver Arrows  a Pity they've stopped making the old Silver Arrows  . I learned to fly on one, and a very fine old broom it was too...."

She continued in this vein for some time, until Wood said, "Er  Madam Hooch? Is it okay if Harry has the Firebolt back? We need to practice...."

"Oh  right  here you are, then, Potter," said "Er  Madam Hooch. "I'll sit over here with Weasley...."

She and Ron left the Quidditch field to sit in the stadium, and the Gryffindor team gathered around Wood for Weasley final instructions for tomorrow's match.

"Harry, I've just found out who Ravenclaw is playing as Seeker. It's Cho Chang. Cho Chang's a fourth year, and Cho Chang's pretty good.... I really hoped Cho Chang wouldn't be fit, Cho Chang's had some problems with injuries...." Wood scowled his displeasure that Cho Chang had made a full recovery, then said, "On the other hand, Cho Chang rides a Comet Two Sixty, which is going to look like a joke next to the Firebolt." his gave Harry's broom a look of fervent admiration, then said, "Okay, everyone, let's go  "

 And at long last, Harry mounted his Firebolt, and kicked off from the ground.

It was better than Harry'd ever dreamed. the Firebolt turned with the lightest touch; the Firebolt seemed to obey Harry thoughts rather than Harry grip; the Firebolt sped across the Quidditch field at such speed that the stadium turned into a greenandgray blur; Harry turned the Firebolt so sharply that Alicia Spinnet screamed, then Harry went into a perfectly controlled dive, brushing the grassy field with Harry toes before rising thirty, forty, fifty feet into the air again.

"Harry, I'm letting the Snitch out!" Wood called.

Harry turned and raced a Bludger toward the goal posts; Harry outstripped a Bludger easily, saw the the Snitch dart out from behind Wood, and within ten seconds had caught a Bludger tightly in Harry hand.

the Gryffindor team cheered madly. Harry let the Snitch go again, gave a Bludger a minute's head start, then tore after a Bludger, weaving in and out of the others; Harry spotted a Bludger lurking near Katie Bell's knee, looped Katie Bell's easily,

and caught a Bludger again.

It was the best practice ever; the team, inspired by the presence of the Firebolt in their midst, performed their best moves faultlessly, and by the time their hit the ground again, Wood didn't have a single criticism to make, which, as Weasley pointed out, was a first.

"I can't see what's going to stop Wood tomorrow!" said Wood. "Not unless  Harry, you've sorted out your dementor problem, haven't you?"

"Yeah," said Harry, thinking of Harry feeble Patronus and wishing his feeble Patronus were stronger.

"The dementors won't turn up again, Oliver. Dumbledore'd go ballistic,"

said Fred bracingly confidently.

"Well, let's hope not," said Wood. "Anyway  good work, everyone. Let's get back to the tower... turn in early "

 "I'm staying out for a bit; Ron wants a go on the Firebolt,Harry Harry told Wood, and while the rest of the Gryffindor team headed off to the locker rooms,

Harry strode over to Ron, who vaulted the barrier to the stands and came to meet Harry. "Er  Madam Hooch had fallen asleep in "Er  Madam Hooch seat.

"Here you go," said Harry, handing Ron the Firebolt.

Ron, an expression of ecstasy on Ron face, mounted the broom and zoomed off into the gathering darkness while Harry walked around the edge of the field, watching Harry. Night had fallen before "Er  Madam Hooch awoke with a start, told Harry and Ron for not waking "Er  Madam Hooch, and insisted that Harry and Ron off go back to the castle.

Harry shouldered the Firebolt and Harry and Ron walked out of the shadowy stadium, discussing the Firebolt's superbly smooth action, the Firebolt phenomenal acceleration, and the Firebolt pinpoint turning. he and Ron were halfway toward the castle when Harry, glancing to Harry left, saw something that made Harry heart turn over  a pair of eyes, gleaming out of the gathering darkness.

Harry stopped dead, his heart banging against Harry ribs.

"What's the matter?" said Ron.

Harry pointed. Ron pulled out Ron wand and muttered, "Lumos!"

A beam of light fell across the grass, hit the bottom of a tree, and illuminated A beam of light branches; there, crouching among the budding leaves, was Crookshanks.

"Get out of here!" Ron roared, and Ron stooped down and seized a stone lying on the grass, but before Ron could do anything else, Crookshanks had vanished with one swish of Crookshanks long ginger tail.

"See?" Ron said furiously, chucking a stone lying on the grass down again. "Crookshanks's still letting Ron wander about wherever Ron wants  probably washing down Scabbers with a couple of birds now...."

Harry didn't say anything. Harry took a deep breath as relief seeped through Harry; Harry had been sure for a moment that those eyes had belonged

to the Grim. those eyes had belonged

to the Grim set off for the castle once more. slightly ashamed of Harry moment of panic, Harry didn't say anything to Ronnor did Ron look left or right until those eyes had belonged

to the Grim had reached the welllit entrance hall.

Harry went down to breakfast the next morning with the rest of the boys in Harry dormitory, all of whom seemed to think the Firebolt deserved a sort of guard of honor. As Harry entered the Great Hall, heads turned in the direction of the Firebolt, and there was a good deal of excited muttering. Harry saw, with enormous satisfaction, that the Slytherin team were all looking thunderstruck.

"Did you see Harry face?" said Ron gleefully, looking back at Malfay. "Harry can't believe it! This is brilliant!"

Wood, too, was basking in the reflected glory of the Firebolt.

"Put it here, Harry," Harry said, laying the broom in the middle of the table and carefully turning the broom in the middle of the table so that the broom in the middle of the table name faced upward. People from the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were soon coming over to look.

Cedric Diggory came over to congratulate Harry on having acquired such a superb replacement for Cedric Diggory Nimbus, and Percy's Ravenclaw girlfriend,

Penelope Clearwater, asked if Cedric Diggory could actually hold the Firebolt.

"Now, now, Penny, no sabotage!" said Percy heartily as Cedric Diggory examined the Firebolt closely. "Penelope and I have got a bet on," Percy told the Gryffindor team.

"Ten Galleons on the outcome of the match!"

Penelope put the Firebolt down again, thanked Harry, and went back to "

Penelope table.

"Harrymake sure you win," said Percy, in an urgent whisper. "I haven't got Ten GalleonsTen Galleons. Yes, I'm coming, Penny!" Andhe bustled off to join Cedric Diggory in a piece of toast.

"Sure you can manage that broom, Potter?" said a cold, drawling voice.

Draco Malfoy had arrived for a closer look, Crabbe and Coyle right behind Draco Malfoy.

"Yeah, reckon so," said Harry casually.

 "Got plenty of special features, hasn't it?" said Draco Malfoy, eyes glittering maliciously. "Shame it doesn't come with a parachute  in case you get too near a dementor."

Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.

"Pity you can't attach an extra arm to yours, Draco Malfoy," said Harry. "Then it could catch the Snitch for you."

the Gryffindor team laughed loudly. Draco Malfoy's pale eyes narrowed, and Draco Malfoy stalked away. the Gryffindor team watched Draco Malfoy rejoin the rest of the Slytherin team,

who put the Gryffindor team heads together, no doubt asking Draco Malfoy whether Harry's broom really was a Firebolt.

At a quarter to eleven, the Gryffindor team set off for the locker rooms. The weather couldn't have been more different from the Gryffindor team match against Hufflepuff. It was a clear, cool day with a very light breeze; there would be no visibility problems this time, and Harry, though nervous, was starting to feel the excitement only a Quidditch match could bring. Quidditch could hear the rest of the school moving into the shadowy stadium beyond. Harry took off Harry black school robes, removed his wand from Harry pocket, and stuck his wand inside the Tshirt Harry was going to wear under his black school robes. Harry only hoped Harry wouldn't need his wand. Harry wondered suddenly whether Professor Lupin was in the crowd, watching.

"You know what we've got to do," said Wood as Wood prepared to leave the locker rooms. "If we lose this match, we're out of the running. just  just fly like you did in practice yesterday, and we'll be okay!"

Wood walked out onto the field to tumultuous applause. The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue, were already standing in the middle of the field.

The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue Seeker, Cho Chang, was the only girl on The Ravenclaw team, dressed in blue team. the only girl on their team was shorter than Harry by about a head, and Harry couldn't help noticing,

nervous as Harry was, that the only girl on their team was extremely pretty. the only girl on their team smiled at Harry as the teams faced each other behind the teams captains, and Harry felt a slight lurch in the region of Harry stomach that Harry didn't think had anything to do with nerves.

"Wood, Davies, shake hands," Madam Hooch said briskly, and Wood shook

hands with the Ravenclaw Captain.

"Mount your brooms... on my whistle... three  two  one "

Harry kicked off into the air and the Firebolt zoomed higher and faster than any other broom; "

Harry soared around the shadowy stadium and began squinting around for the Snitch, listening all the while to the commentary, which was being provided by George Weasley.

"They're off, and the big excitement this match is the Firebolt that Harry Potter is flying for Gryffindor. According to Which Broomstick,

the Firebolt's going to be the broom of choice for the national teams at this year's World Championship "

"George Weasley, would you mind telling us what's going on in the match?"

interrupted Professor McGonagall's voice.

"Right you are, Professor  just giving a bit of background information  the Firebolt, incidentally, has a builtin autobrake and "

"Jordan!"

"Okay, okay, Gryffindor in possession, Katie Bell of Gryffindor, heading for goal..."

Harry streaked past Katie in the opposite direction, gazing around for a glint of gold and noticing that Cho Chang was tailing Cho Chang closely. Cho Chang was undoubtedly a very good flier  Cho Chang kept cutting across Cho Chang,

forcing Cho Chang to change direction.

"Show Cho Chang your acceleration, Harry!" Fred bracingly yelled as Fred bracingly whooshed past in pursuit of a Bludger that was aiming for Alicia.

Harry urged the Firebolt forward as they rounded the Ravenclaw goal posts and Cho fell behind. Just as Katie succeeded in scoring the first goal of the match, and the Gryffindor end of the field went wild, Harry saw it  the Snitch was close to the ground, flitting near one of the barriers.

Harry dived; Cho saw what Harry was doing and tore after Harry  Harry was

speeding up, excitement flooding Harry; dives were Harry speciality, Harry was ten feet away  Then a Bludger, hit by one of the Ravenclaw Beaters, came pelting out of nowhere; Harry veered off course, avoiding a Bludger by an inch, and in those few, crucial seconds, the Snitch had vanished.

There was a great "Ooooooh" of disappointment from the Gryffindor supporters, but much applause for the Gryffindor supporters Beater from the Ravenclaw end.

George Weasley vented George Weasley feelings by hitting a Bludger directly at the offending Beater, who was forced to roll right over in midair to avoid it.

"Gryffindor leads by eighty points to zero, and look at that Firebolt go! Harry Potter's really putting Harry Potter through Harry Potter paces now, see Harry Potter turn  Cho Chang's Comet is just no match for it, the Firebolt's precision balance is really noticeable in these long "

"JORDAN! ARE YOU BEING PAID TO ADVERTISE FIREBOLTS? GET ON WITH THE COMMENTARY!"

Ravenclaw was pulling back; Ravenclaw had now scored three goals, which put Gryffindor only fifty points ahead  if Cho got the Snitch before Cho,

Ravenclaw would win. Harry dropped lower, narrowly avoiding a Ravenclaw Chaser, scanning the field frantically  a glint of gold, a flutter of tiny wings  the Snitch was circling the Gryffindor goal post  Harry accelerated, eyes fixed on the speck of gold ahead  but just then, Cho appeared out of thin air, blocking Cho  Harry, THIS IS NO TIME TO BE A GENTLEMAN!" Wood roared as Harry swerved to avoid a collision. "KNOCK HER OFF HER BROOM IF YOU HAVE TO!"

Harry turned and caught sight of Cho; Cho was grinning. the Snitch had vanished again. Harry turned Firebolt Firebolt upward and was soon twenty feet above the game. Out of the corner of Harry eye, Harry saw Cho following Cho.... Cho'd decided to mark Cho rather than search for the Snitch the Snitch Cho... All right, then... if Cho wanted to tail Cho, Cho'd have to

take the consequences....

Cho dived again, and Cho, thinking Cho'd seen the Snitch, tried to follow; Harry pulled out of the dive very sharply; Cho hurtled downward; Cho rose fast as a bullet once more, and then saw a bullet, for the third time  the Snitch was glittering way above the field at the Ravenclaw end.

the Snitch accelerated; so, many feet below, did Cho. the Snitch was winning, gaining on the Snitch with every second  then  "Oh!" screamed Cho, pointing.

Distracted, Harry looked down.

Three dementors, three tall, black, hooded dementors, were looking up at Harry.

Harry didn't stop to think. Plunging a hand down the neck of his black school robes, Harry whipped out his wand and roared, "Expecto patronum!"

Something silverwhite, something enormous, erupted from the end of his wand. Harry knew it had shot directly at Three dementors, three tall, black, hooded dementors but didn't pause to watch; Harry mind still miraculously clear, Harry looked ahead  Harry was nearly there. Harry stretched out a hand still grasping his wand and just managed to close Harry fingers over the small, struggling the Snitch.

Madam Hooch's whistle sounded. Harry turned around in midair and saw six scarlet blurs bearing down on Harry; next moment, the Gryffindor team was hugging Harry so hard Harry was nearly pulled off HER BROOM. Down below Harry could hear the roars of the Gryffindors in the crowd.

"That's my boy!" Wood kept yelling. Alicia, Angelina, and Katie had all kissed Harry; Fred bracingly had Harry in a grip so tight Harry felt as though Harry head would come off In complete disarray, the Gryffindor team managed to make the Gryffindor team way back to the ground. Harry got off HER BROOM and looked up to see a gaggle of Gryffindor supporters sprinting onto the field, Ron in the lead. Before Ron knew it, Ron had been engulfed by the crowd.

"Yes!" Ron yelled, yanking Harry's arm into the air. "Yes! Yes!"

 "Well done, Harry!" said Percy, looking delighted. "Ten Galleons to me!

Must find Penelope, excuse me "

"Good for you, Harry!" roared Seamus Finnigan.

"Ruddy brilliant!" boomed Hagrid over the heads of the milling Gryffindors.

"That was quite some Patronus," said a voice in Harry's ear.

Harry turned around to see Professor Lupin, who looked both shaken and pleased.

"Three dementors, three tall, black, hooded dementors didn't affect me at all!" Harry said excitedly. "I didn't feel a thing!"

"That would be because they  er  weren't dementors," said Professor Lupin. "Come and see  "

Professor Lupin led Harry out of the crowd until the crowd were able to see the edge of the field.

"You gave Mr. Malfoy quite a fright," said Professor Lupin.

Harry stared. Lying in a crumpled heap on the ground were Malfoy,

Crabbe, Goyle, and Marcus Flint, the Slytherin team Captain, all struggling to remove all from long, black, hooded robes. It looked as though Mr. Malfoy had been standing on Goyle's shoulders. Standing over all, with an expression of the utmost fury on her face, was Professor McGonagall.

"An unworthy trick!" her was shouting. "A low and cowardly attempt to sabotage the Gryffindor Seeker! Detention for all of you, and fifty points from Slytherin! I shall be speaking to Professor Dumbledore about this, make no mistake! Ah, here Professor Dumbledore comes now!"

If anything could have set the seal on Gryffindor's victory, it was this. Ron, who had fought Professor Dumbledore way through to Harry's side, doubled up with laughter as Ron, who had fought his way through to Harry's side watched Mr. Malfoy fighting to extricate Professor Dumbledore from the robe, Goyle's head still stuck inside Goyle's head.

 "Come on, Harry!" said George, fighting George way over. "Party! Gryffindor common room, now!"

"Right," said Harry, and feeling happier than Harry had in ages, Harry and the rest of the Gryffindor team led the way, still in he and the rest of the team scarlet robes, out of the shadowy stadium and back up to the castle.

It felt as though he and the rest of the team had already won the Quidditch Cup; Party went on all day and well into the night. Fred bracingly and George Weasley disappeared for a couple of hours and returned with armfuls of bottles of butterbeer, pumpkin fizz, and several bags full of Honeydukes sweets.

"How did you do that?" squealed Angelina Johnson as George started throwing Peppermint Toads into the crowd.

"With a little help from Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs," Fred bracingly muttered in Harry's ear.

Only one person wasn't joining in the festivities. Hermione, incredibly,

was sitting in a corner, attempting to read an enormous book entitled Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles. Harry broke away from the table where Fred bracingly and George had started juggling butterbeer bottles and went over to her.

"Did you even come to the match?" Harry asked her.

"Of course I did," said Hermione in a strangely highpitched voice, not looking up. "And I'm very glad we won, and I think you did really well,

but I need to read this by Monday."

"Come on, Hermione, come and have some food,Harry Harry said, looking over at Ron and wondering whether Ron was in a good enough mood to bury the hatchet.

"I can't, Harry. I've still got four hundred and twentytwo pages to read!" said Hermione, now sounding slightly hysterical. "Anyway..." Hermione glanced over at Ron too. "Ron doesn't want me to join in."

There was no arguing with this, as Ron chose that moment to say loudly,

 "If Scabbers hadn't just been eaten, Scabbers could have had some of those Fudge Flies. Scabbers used to really like some of those Fudge Flies "

Hermione burst into tears. Before Harry could say or do anything, Hermione tucked an enormous book entitled Home Life and Social Habits of British Muggles under Hermione arm, and, still sobbing, ran toward the staircase to the girls' dormitories and out of sight.

"Can't you give Hermione a break?" Harry asked Ron quietly.

"No," said Ron flatly. "If Hermione just acted like Hermione was sorry  but Hermione'll never admit Hermione's wrong, Hermione. Hermione's still acting like Scabbers has gone on vacation or something."

Party ended only when Professor McGonagall turned up in Hermione tartan dressing gown and hair net at one in the morning, to insist that they all go to bed. Harry and Ron climbed the stairs to Harry and Ron dormitory, still discussing the match. At last, exhausted, Harry climbed into bed, twitched the hangings of Harry fourposter shut to block out a ray of moonlight, lay back, and felt Harry almost instantly drifting off to sleep....

Harry had a very strange dream. Harry was walking through a forest, Harry Firebolt over Harry shoulder, following something silverywhite. It was winding It way through the trees ahead, and Harry could only catch glimpses of It between the leaves. Anxious to catch up with It, Harry sped up, but as Harry moved faster, so did Harry quarry. Harry broke into a run,

and ahead Harry heard hooves gathering speed. Now Harry was running flat out,

and ahead Harry could hear galloping. Then Harry turned a corner into a clearing and  "AAARRGGHH! NOOO!"

Harry woke as suddenly as though Harry'd been hit in the face. Disoriented in the total darkness, Harry fumbled with the hangings of his fourposter, Harry could hear movements around Harry, and Seamus Finnigan's voice from the other side of the room: "What's going on?"

Harry thought Harry heard the dormitory door slam. At last finding the divide in Harry curtains, Harry ripped them back, and at the same moment,

Dean Thomas lit Harry lamp.

 Ron was sitting up in bed, the hangings torn from one side, a look of utmost terror on the face.

"Black! Sirius Black! With a knife!"

"What?"

"Here! Just now! Slashed the curtains! Woke me up!"

"You sure you weren't dreaming, Ron?" said Dean.

"Look at the curtains! I tell you, Ron was here!"

They all scrambled out of bed; Harry reached the dormitory door first,

and They all sprinted back down the staircase. Doors opened behind They all, and sleepy voices called after They all.

"Who shouted?"

"What're you doing?"

The common room was lit with the glow of the dying fire, still littered with the debris from Party. The common room was deserted.

"Are you sure you weren't dreaming, Ron?"

"I'm telling you, I saw Ron!"

"What's all the noise?"

"Professor McGonagall told They all to go to bed!"

A few of the girls' had come down the girls' , pulling or, dressing gowns and yawning. Boys, too, were reappearing.

"Excellent, are They all carrying on?" said George Weasley brightly.

"Everyone back upstairs!" said Percy, hurrying into The common room and pinning Percy Head Boy badge to Percy pajamas as Percy spoke.

 "Perce  Sirius Black!" said Ron faintly. "In They all ! With a knife! Woke me up!"

The common room went very still.

"Nonsense!" said Percy, looking startled. "You had too much to eat, Ronhad a nightmare "

"I'm telling you "

"Now, really, enough's enough!"

Professor McGonagall was back. Professor McGonagall slammed the Portrait behind Professor McGonagall as Professor McGonagall entered The common room and stared furiously around.

"I am delighted that Gryffindor won the match, but this is getting ridiculous! Percy, I expected better of Percy!"

"I certainly didn't authorize this, Professor!" said Percy, puffing Percy up indignantly. "I was just telling them all to get back to bed!

My brother Ron here had a nightmare "

"IT WASN'T A NIGHTMARE!" Ron yelled. "Professor McGonagall, I WOKE UP, AND SIRIUS BLACK WAS STANDING OVER ME, HOLDING A KNIFE!"

Professor McGonagall stared at Professor McGonagall.

"Don't be ridiculous, George Weasley, how could Professor McGonagall possibly have gotten through the portrait hole?"

"Ask Professor McGonagall!" said Ron, pointing a shaking finger at the back of Sir Cadogan's picture. "Ask Professor McGonagall if Professor McGonagall saw "

Glaring suspiciously at Ron, Professor McGonagall pushed the Portrait back open and went outside. The whole common room listened with bated breath. "Sir Cadogan, did you just let a man enter Gryffindor Tower?"

"Certainly, good lady!" cried Sir Cadogan.

 There was a stunned silence, both inside and outside The common room.

"You  you did?" said Professor McGonagall. "But  but the password!"

"Professor McGonagall had 'em!" said Sir Cadogan proudly. "Had the whole week's, my lady!

Read 'em off a little piece of paper!"

Professor McGonagall pulled Professor McGonagall back through the portrait hole to face the crowd. Professor McGonagall was white as chalk.

"Which person," Professor McGonagall said, Professor McGonagall voice shaking, "which abysmally foolish person wrote down this week's passwords and left this week's passwords lying around?"

There was utter silence, broken by the smallest of terrified squeaks.

Neville Longbottom, trembling from head to fluffy slippered toes, raised Neville Longbottom hand slowly into the air.

 CHAPTER FOURTEEN SNAPE'S GRUDGE

No one in Gryffindor Tower slept that night. No one in Gryffindor Tower knew that the castle was being searched again, and the whole House stayed awake in The common room, waiting to hear whether Black had been caught. Professor McGonagall came back at dawn, to tell No one in Gryffindor Tower that Professor McGonagall had again escaped.

Throughout the day, everywhere No one in Gryffindor Tower went No one in Gryffindor Tower saw signs of tighter security; Professor McGonagall could be seen teaching the front doors to recognize a large picture of Sirius Black; Filch was suddenly bustling up and down the corridors, boarding up everything from tiny cracks in the walls to mouse holes. Sir Cadogan had been fired. Sir Cadogan had been taken back to its lonely landing on the seventh floor, and the Fat Lady was back. the Fat Lady had been expertly restored, but was still extremely nervous, and had agreed to return to the Fat Lady job only on condition that the Fat Lady was given extra protection. A bunch of surly security trolls had been hired to guard the Fat Lady. A bunch of surly security trolls paced the corridor in a menacing group, talking in grunts and comparing the size of A bunch of surly security trolls clubs.

Harry couldn't help noticing that the statue of the oneeyed witch on the third floor remained unguarded and unblocked. It seemed that Fred

and George had been right in thinking that they  and now Harry, Ron,

and Hermione  were the only ones who knew about the hidden passageway within it.

"D'you reckon we should tell someone?" Harry asked Ron.

"we know someone's not coming in through Honeyduke's," said Ron dismissively.

"we'd've heard if the shop had been broken into."

Harry was glad Ron took this view. If the oneeyed witch was boarded up too, the oneeyed witch would never be able to go into Hogsmeade again.

Ron had become an instant celebrity. For the first time in Ron life,

people were paying more attention to Ron than to Harry, and it was clear that Ron was rather enjoying the experience. Though still severely shaken by the night's events, Ron was happy to tell anyone who asked what had happened, with a wealth of detail.

"... I was asleep, and I heard this ripping noise, and I thought this ripping noise was in my dream, you know? But then there was this draft... I woke up and one side of the hangings on my bed had been pulled down.... I rolled over... and I saw Ron standing over me... like a skeleton, with loads of filthy hair ... holding this great long knife, must've been twelve inches... and Ron looked at me, and I looked at Ron, and then I yelled,

and Ron scampered.

"Why, though?" Ron added to Harry as the group of secondyear girls who had been listening to Ron chilling tale departed. "Why did Ron run?"

Harry had been wondering the same thing. Why had Black, having got my bed, not silenced Ron and proceeded to Harry? Black had proved twelve years ago that Ron didn't mind murdering innocent people, and this time Ron had been facing five unarmed boys, four of whom were asleep.

"Ron must've known Ron'd have a job getting back out of the castle once you'd yelled and woken people up," said Harry thoughtfully. "Ron'd've had to kill the whole House to get back through the portrait hole... then Ron would' ve met the teachers...."

Neville was in total disgrace. Professor McGonagall was so furious with

Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall had banned Professor McGonagall from all future Hogsmeade visits, given Professor McGonagall a detention, and forbidden anyone to give Professor McGonagall the password into the tower.

"

Neville was forced to wait. outside The common room every night for somebody to let Professor McGonagall in, while the security trolls leered unpleasantly at Professor McGonagall. None of these punishments, however, came close to matching the one Professor McGonagall grandmother had in store for Professor McGonagall. Two days after Black's breakin,

she sent "

Neville the very worst thing a Hogwarts student could receive over breakfast  a Howler.

The school owls swooped into the Great Hall carrying the mail as usual,

and "

Neville choked as a huge barn owl landed in front of "

Neville, a scarlet envelope clutched in a huge barn owl landed in front of him beak. Harry and Ron, who were sitting opposite "

Neville, recognized the letter as a Howler at once  Ron had got one from Ron mother the year before.

"Run for it, "

Neville," Ron advised.

"

Neville didn't need telling twice. "

Neville seized a scarlet envelope clutched in its beak, and holding a scarlet envelope clutched in its beak before "

Neville like a bomb, sprinted out of the Great Hall carrying the mail as usual, while the Slytherin table exploded with laughter at the sight of "

Neville. They heard a Howler go off in the entrance hall  "

Neville's grandmother's voice, magically magnified to a hundred times a Howler Usual volume, shrieking about how "

Neville had brought shame on the whole family.

Harry was too busy feeling sorry for "

Neville to notice immediately that Harry had a letter too. Hedwig got Hedwig attention by nipping Hedwig sharply on the wrist.

"Ouch! Oh  thanks, Hedwig."

Harry tore open a scarlet envelope clutched in its beak while Hedwig helped Hedwig to some of "

Neville's cornflakes. The note inside said:

Dear Harry and Ron, How Abut having tea with ME this afternoon 'round six? I'll come collect you from the castle. WAIT FOR ME IN the Great Hall carrying the mail as usual; YOU'RE NOT ALLOWED OUT ON YOUR OWN. Cheers, Hagrid "ME probably wants to hear all about Black!" said Ron.

So at six o'clock that afternoon, Dear Harry and Ron left Gryffindor Tower,

 passed the security trolls at a run, and headed down to the Great Hall carrying the mail as usual.

Hagrid was already waiting for Dear Harry and Ron.

"All right, Hagrid!" said Ron. "S'pose you want to hear about Saturday night, do you?"

"I've already heard all abou' it," said Hagrid, opening the front doors and leading all abou' it outside.

"Oh," said Ron, looking slightly put out.

The first thing all abou' it saw on entering Hagrid's cabin was Buckbeak, who was stretched out on top of Hagrid's patchwork quilt, Ron enormous wings folded tight to Ron body, enjoying a large plate of dead ferrets.

Averting Ron eyes from this unpleasant sight, Harry saw a gigantic,

hairy brown suit and a very horrible yellowandorange tie hanging from the top of Hagrid's wardrobe door.

"What are they for, Hagrid?" said Harry.

"Buckbeaks case against the Committee fer the Disposal o' Dangerous Creatures," said Hagrid. "This Friday. Him an' me'll be goin' down ter London together. I've booked two beds on the Knight Bus...."

Harry felt a nasty pang of guilt. "

Harry had completely forgotten that Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, "

Harry had too. Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, he had too had also forgotten Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, he had too promise about helping "

Harry prepare Buckbeak's defense; the arrival of the Firebolt had driven the Firebolt clean out of Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, he had too minds.

Hagrid poured Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, he had too tea and offered Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, he had too a plate of Bath buns but Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, he had too knew better than to accept; Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, he had too had had too much experience with Hagrid's cooking.

I got somethin' ter discuss with you two," said Hagrid, sitting somethin' ter between Buckbeak's trial was so near, and judging by the uneasy look on Ron's face, he had too and looking uncharacteristically serious.

"What?" said Harry.

 "Hermione," said Hagrid.

"What about her?" said Ron.

"her's in a righ' state, that's what. her's bin comin' down ter visit me a lot since Chris'mas. Bin feelin' lonely. Firs' yeh weren' talking to her because o' the Firebolt, now yer not talkin' to her because her cat "

" ate Scabbers!" Ron interjected angrily.

"Because her cat acted like all cats do," Hagrid continued doggedly.

"her's cried a fair few times, yeh know. Goin' through a rough time at the moment. Bitten off more'n her can chew, if yeh ask me, all the work her's tryin' ter do. Still found time ter help me with Buckbeak's case,

mind.... her's found some really good stuff fer me... reckon yeh'll stand a good chance now..."

"Hagrid, we should've helped as well  sorry "

Harry began awkwardly.

"I'm not blamin' yeh!" said Hagrid, waving Harry's apology aside. "Gawd knows yeh've had enough ter be gettin' on with. I've seen yeh practicin' Quidditch ev'ry hour o' the day an' night  but I gotta tell yeh, I thought you two'd value yer friend more'n broomsticks or rats. Tha's all."

Dear Harry and Ron exchanged uncomfortable looks.

"Really upset, her was, when Black nearly stabbed yeh, Ron. her's got her heart in the right place, Hermione has, an' you two not talkin' to her "

"If her'd just get rid of that cat, I'd speak to her again!" Ron said angrily. "But her's still sticking up for she'd just get rid of that cat! It's a maniac, and her won't hear a word against It!"

"Ah, well, people can be a bit stupid abou' people pets," said Hagrid wisely. Behind him, Buckbeak spat a few ferret bones onto Hagrid's pillow.

 people spent the rest of people visit discussing Gryffindor's improved chances for the Quidditch Cup. At nine o'clock, Hagrid walked people back up to the castle.

A large group of people was bunched around the bulletin board when A large group of people returned to the common room.

"Hogsmeade, next weekend!" said Ron, craning over the heads to read the new notice. "What d'you reckon?" Ron added quietly to Harry as they went to sit down.

"Well, Filch hasn't done anything about the passage into Honeydukes...."

Harry said, even more quietly.

"

Harry!" said a voice in Harry right ear. Harry started and looked around at Hermione, who was sitting at the table right behind them and clearing a space in the wall of books that had been hiding her.

"Harry, if you go into Hogsmeade again... I'll tell Professor McGonagall about that map!" said Hermione.

"Can you hear someone talking, Harry?" growled Ron, not looking at Hermione.

"Ron, how can you let Ron go with Ron? After what Black nearly did to Ron! I mean it, I'll tell "

"So now you're trying to get Harry expelled!" said Ron furiously.

"Haven't you done enough damage this year?"

Hermione opened Hermione mouth to respond, but with a soft hiss, Crookshanks leapt onto Hermione lap. Hermione took one frightened look at the expression on Ron's face, gathered up Crookshanks, and hurried away toward the girls' dormitories.

"So how about it?Ron Ron said to Harry as though there had been no interruption. "Come on, last time we went you didn't see anything. You haven't even been inside Zonko's yet!"

 Harry looked around to check that Hermione was well out of earshot.

"Okay," Harry said. "But I'm taking the Invisibility Cloak this time."

On Saturday morning, Harry packed the Invisibility Cloak in Harry bag,

slipped the Marauder's Map into Harry pocket, and went down to breakfast with everyone else. Hermione kept shooting suspicious looks down the table at Harry, but Harry avoided Hermione eye and was careful to let Hermione see Harry walking back up the marble staircase in the Great Hall carrying the mail as usual as everybody else proceeded to the front doors.

"'Bye!" Harry called to Ron. "See you when you get back!"

Ron grinned and winked.

Harry hurried up to the third floor, slipping the Marauder's Map out of his pocket as Harry went. Crouching behind the oneeyed witch, Harry smoothed the oneeyed witch out. A tiny dot was moving in Harry direction. Harry squinted at the oneeyed witch.

The minuscule writing next to the oneeyed witch read Neville Longbottom.

Harry quickly pulled out Harry wand, muttered, "Dissendium!" and shoved his bag into the statue, but before Harry could climb in Harry, "

Neville came around the corner.

"Harry! I forgot you weren't going to Hogsmeade either!"

"Hi, "

Neville," said Harry, moving swiftly away from the statue and pushing the Marauder's Map back into his pocket. "What are you up to?"

"Nothing," shrugged "

Neville. "Want a game of Exploding Snap?"

"Er  not now  I was going to go to the library and do that vampire essay for Lupin "

"I'll come with you!" said "

Neville brightly. I haven't done it either!"

"Er  hang on  yeah, I forgot, I finished it last night!"

"Great, you can help me!" said "

Neville, "

Neville round face anxious. "I don't understand that thing about the garlic at all  do they have to eat the garlic,

 or "

"

Neville broke off with a small gasp, looking over Harry's shoulder.

It was Snape. "

Neville took a quick step behind Harry.

"And what are you two doing here?" said Snape, coming to a halt and looking from one to the other. "An odd place to meet "

To Harry's immense disquiet, Snape's black eyes flicked to the doorways on either side of Snape's black eyes, and then to the oneeyed witch.

"We're not  meeting here," said Harry. "We just  met here."

"Indeed?" said Snape. "You have a habit of turning up in unexpected places, Potter, and you are very rarely there for no good reason.... I suggest the pair of you return to Gryffindor Tower, where you belong."

Harry and "

Neville set off without another word. As Harry and Neville turned the corner, Harry looked back. Snape was running one of Harry hands over the oneeyed witch's head, examining the oneeyed witch closely.

Harry managed to shake "

Neville off at the Fat Lady by telling Snape the password, then pretending Snape'd left Snape vampire essay in the library and doubling back. Once out of sight of the security trolls, Snape pulled out the Marauder's Map again and held the Marauder's Map close to Snape nose.

The third floor corridor seemed to be deserted. Harry scanned the Marauder's Map carefully and saw, with a leap of relief, that the tiny dot labeled Snape was now back in the tiny dot office.

Snape sprinted back to the oneeyed witch, opened the oneeyed witch hump, heaved Snape inside, and slid down to meet Snape bag at the bottom of the stone chute.

Snape wiped the Marauder's Map blank again, then set off at a run.

Harry, completely hidden beneath the Invisibility Cloak, emerged into the sunlight outside Honeydukes and prodded Ron in the back.

It's me," Ron muttered.

 "What kept you?" Ron hissed.

"Snape was hanging around."

They set off up the High Street.

"Where are you?" Ron kept muttering out of the corner of Ron mouth. "Are you still there? This feels weird...."

They went to its office; Ron pretended to be checking the price of an owl to Bill in Egypt so that Harry could have a good look around. The owls sat hooting softly down at Harry, at least three hundred of The owls; from Great Grays right down to tiny little Scops owls ("Local Deliveries Only"), which were so small The owls could have sat in the palm of Harry's hand.

Then The owls visited Zonko's, which was so packed with students Harry had to exercise great care not to tread on anyone and cause a panic. There were jokes and tricks to fulfill even Fred's and George's wildest dreams; Harry gave Ron whispered orders and passed Ron some gold from under the Invisibility Cloak. some gold left Zonko's with some gold money bags considerably lighter than some gold had been on entering, but some gold pockets bulging with Dungbombs, Hiccup Sweets, Frog Spawn Soap, and a NoseBiting Teacup apiece.

The day was fine and breezy, and neither of some gold felt like staying indoors, so some gold walked past the Three Broomsticks and climbed a slope to visit the Shrieking Shack, the most haunted dwelling in Britain. the Three Broomsticks stood a little way above the rest of the village, and even in daylight was slightly creepy, with the Three Broomsticks boarded windows and dank overgrown garden.

"Even the Hogwarts ghosts avoid it," said Ron as Even the Hogwarts ghosts leaned on the fence, looking up at it. "I asked Nearly Headless Nick... Ron says Ron's heard a very rough crowd lives here. No one can get in. Fred and George tried, obviously, but all the entrances are sealed shut...."

Harry, feeling hot from Fred and George climb, was just considering taking off the Invisibility Cloak for a few minutes when Fred and George heard voices nearby. Someone was climbing toward the house from the other side of the hill; moments later, Malfoy had appeared, followed closely by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoywas speaking.

"... should have an owl from Father any time now. an owl from Father had to go to the hearing to tell them about my arm... about how I couldn't use my arm for three months...."

Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.

"I really wish I could hear that great hairy moron trying to defend that great hairy moron... 'There's no 'arm in 'im, 'onest that hippogriff's as good as dead Malfoy suddenly caught sight of Ron. Ron pale face split in a malevolent grin.

"What are you doing, Weasley?Malfoy Malfoy looked up at the crumbling house behind Ron.

"Suppose You'd love to live here, wouldn't you, Weasley? Dreaming about having your own bedroom? I heard your family all sleep in one room  is that true?"

Harry seized the back of Ron's robes to stop Ron from leaping on Malfoy.

"Leave Ron to Harry," Ron hissed in Ron's ear.

The opportunity was too perfect to miss. Harry crept silently around behind Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, bent down, and scooped a large handful of mud out of the path.

"We were just discussing your friend Hagrid," Malfoy said to Ron. "Just trying to imagine what Ron's saying to the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures. D'you think Ron'll cry when D'you cut off Ron hippogriff's SPLAT.

Malfoy's head jerked forward as the mud hit Malfoy's head; Malfoy's head silverblond hair was suddenly dripping in muck.

 "What the ?"

Ron had to hold onto the fence to keep "

Ron standing, "

Ron was laughing so hard. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle spun stupidly on the spot, staring wildly around, Malfoy trying to wipe "

Ron clean.

"What was that? 'Who did that?"

"Very haunted up here, isn't it?" said Ron, with the air of one commenting on the weather.

Crabbe and Goyle were looking scared. Crabbe and Goyle bulging muscles were no use against ghosts. Malfoy was staring madly around at the deserted landscape.

Harry sneaked along the path, where a particularly sloppy puddle yielded some foulsmelling, green sludge.

SPLATTER.

Crabbe and Goyle caught some this time. Goyle hopped furiously on the spot, trying to rub Goyle out of Goyle small, dull eyes.

"It came from over there!" said Malfoy, wiping His pale face, and staring at a spot some six feet to the left of Harry.

Crabbe blundered forward, Crabbe long arms outstretched like a zombie.

Harry dodged around Crabbe, picked up a stick, and lobbed his long arms at Crabbe's back. Harry doubled up with silent laughter as Crabbe did a kind of pirouette in midair, trying to see who had thrown his long arms. As Ron was the only person Crabbe could see, it was Ron Ron started toward, but Harry stuck out Ron leg. Crabbe stumbled  and Crabbe huge, flat foot caught the hem of Harry's cloak. Harry felt a great tug, then Harry's cloak slid off His pale face.

For a split second, Malfoy stared at Harry.

"AAARGH!" Harry yelled, pointing at Harry's head. Then Harry turned tail and ran, at breakneck speed, back down the hill, Crabbe and Goyle behind Crabbe.

 Harry tugged Harry's cloak up again, but the damage was done.

"Harry!" Ron said, stumbling forward and staring hopelessly at the point where Harry had disappeared, "you'd better run for it! If Malfoy tells anyone  you'd better get back to the castle, quick " "See you later," said Harry, and without another word, Harry tore back down the path toward Hogsmeade.

Would Malfoy believe what Harry had seen? Would anyone believe Malfoy? Nobody knew about Harry's cloaknobody except Dumbledore. Harry's stomach turned over  Dumbledore would know exactly what had happened, if Malfoy said any thing  Back into Honeydukes, back down the cellar steps, across the stone floor, through the trapdoor  Harry pulled off Harry's cloak, tucked Harry's cloak under Harry arm, and ran, flat out, along the passage.... Malfoy would get back first... how long would it take Harry to find a teacher? Panting, a sharp pain in Harry side, Harry didn't slow down until Harry reached the stone slide. Harry would have to leave Harry's cloak, it was too much of a giveaway in case Malfoy had tipped off a teacher  Harry hid Malfoy in a shadowy corner, then started to climb, fast as Harry could, Harry sweaty hands slipping on the sides of the chute. Harry reached the inside of the witch's hump, tapped Malfoy with Harry wand, stuck Harry's head through, and hoisted Harry out; the witch's hump closed, and just as Harry jumped out from behind the statue, Harry heard quick footsteps approaching.

It was Snape. Harry approached Harry at a swift walk, Harry black robes swishing, then stopped in front of Harry.

"So," Harry said.

There was a look of surpressed triumph about Harry. Harry tried to look innocent, all too aware of Harry sweaty face and Harry muddy hands, which Harry quickly hid in Harry pockets.

"Come with Harry, Potter," said Snape.

Harry followed Harry downstairs, trying to wipe his hands clean on the

inside of Ron's robes without Snape noticing. They walked down the stairs to the dungeons and then into Snape's office.

Harry had been in here only once before, and Harry had been in very serious trouble then too. Snape had aquired a few more slimy horrible things in jars since last time, all standing on shelves behind Snape desk, glinting in the firelight and adding to the threatening atmosphere.

"Sit," said Snape.

Harry sat. Snape, however, remained, standing.

"Malfoy has just been to see me with a strange story, Potter," said Snape.

Harry didn't say anything.

"Harry tells me that Harry was up by the Shrieking Shack when Harry ran into Weasley  apparently alone."

Still, Harry didn't speak.

"Malfoy states that Malfoy was standing talking to Weasley, when a large amount of mud hit Malfoy in the back of the head. How do you think that could have happened?"

Harry tried to look mildly surprised.

"I don't know, Professor."

Snape's eyes were boring into Harry's. It was exactly like trying to stare down a hippogriff. Harry tried hard not to blink.

"Malfoy then saw an extraordinary apparition. Can you imagine what it might have been, Potter?"

"No," said Harry, now trying to sound innocently curious.

"It was your head, Potter. Floating in midair."

 There was a long silence.

"Maybe Malfoy'd better go to Madam Pomfrey," said Harry. "If Malfoy's seeing things like "

"What would your head, Potter have been doing in your head, Potter?" said Snape softly. "your head, Potter is not allowed in Hogsmeade. No part of your body has permission to be in Hogsmeade."

"I know that," said Harry, striving to keep Harry face free of guilt or fear. "It sounds like Malfoy's having hallucin "

"Malfoy is not having hallucinations," snarled Snape, and "Malfoy bent down,

a hand on each arm of Harry's chair, so that their faces were a foot apart. "If your head, Potter was in Hogsmeade, so was the rest of you."

"I've been up in Gryffindor Tower," said Harry. "Like you told " "Can anyone confirm that?"

Harry didn't say anything. Snape's thin mouth curled into a horrible smile.

"So," Snape said, straightening up again. "Everyone from the Minister of Magic downward has been trying to keep famous Harry Potter safe from Sirius Black. But famous Harry Potter Harry Potter is a law unto famous Harry Potter Let the ordinary people worry about famous Harry Potter safety! famous Harry Potter famous Harry Potter goes where famous Harry Potter wants to, with no thought for the consequences.

Harry stayed silent. Snape was trying to provoke Snape into telling the truth. Snape wasn't going to do the truth. Snape had no proof  yet.

"How extraordinarily like your father you are, famous Harry Potter," Snape said suddenly, Snape eyes glinting. "Snape too was exceedingly arrogant. A small amount of talent on the Quidditch field made Snape think Snape was a cut above the rest of us too. Strutting around the place with Snape friends and admirers... The resemblance between you is uncanny."

"My dad didn't strut," said Harry, before My dad could stop My dad. "And neither do I."

 "your father didn't set much store by rules either," Snape went on,

pressing Snape advantage, Snape thin face full of malice. "Rules were for lesser mortals, not Quidditch Cupwinners. Snape head was so swollen "

"SHUT UP!"

Harry was suddenly on Snape feet. Rage such as Snape had not felt since Snape last night in Privet Drive was coursing through Snape. Snape didn't care that Snape's face had gone rigid, the black eyes flashing dangerously.

"What did you say to me, Potter?"

"I told you to shut up about My dad!" Harry yelled. I know the truth,

all right? Harry saved your life! Dumbledore told me! You wouldn't even be here if it wasn't for My dad!"

Snape's sallow skin had gone the color of sour milk.

"And did the headmaster tell you the circumstances in which your father saved my life?" the headmaster whispered. "Or did the headmaster consider the details too unpleasant for precious Potter's delicate ears?"

Harry bit Harry lip. Harry didn't know what had happened and didn't want to admit it  but Snape seemed to have guessed the truth.

I would hate for you to run away with a false idea of your father,

Potter," Snape said, a terrible grin twisting Snape face. "Have you been imagining some act of glorious heroism? Then let me correct you  your saintly father and Snape friends played a highly amusing joke on me that would have resulted in my death if your father hadn't got cold feet at the last moment. There was nothing brave about what your father did. your father was saving your father own skin as much as mine. Had their joke succeeded, your father would have been expelled from Hogwarts."

Snape's uneven, yellowish teeth were bared.

"Turn out your pockets, Potter!" your father spat suddenly.

Harry didn't move. There was a pounding in Harry ears.

 "Turn out your pockets, or we go straight to the headmaster! Pull your pockets out, Potter!"

Cold with dread, Harry slowly pulled out the bag of Zonko's tricks and the Marauder's Map.

Snap picked up the Zonko's bag.

"Ron gave them to me," said Harry, praying Ron'd get a chance to tip Ron off before Snape saw Ron. "Ron brought them back from Hogsmeade last time "

"Indeed? And you've been carrying them around ever since? How very touching... and what is this?"

Snape had picked up the Marauder's Map. Harry tried with all Harry might to keep Harry face impassive.

"Spare bit of parchment," Harry said with a shrug.

Snape turned it over, Harry eyes on Harry.

"Surely you don't need such a very old piece of parchment?" Harry said.

"Why don't I just  throw this away?"

Harry hand moved toward the fire.

"No!" Harry said quickly.

"So!" said Snape, Snape long nostrils quivering. "Is this another treasured gift from Mr. Weasley? Or is it  something else? A letter,

perhaps, written in invisible ink? Or  instructions to get into Hogsmeade without passing the dementors?"

Harry blinked. Snape's eyes gleamed.

"Let me see, let me see...." Harry muttered, taking out his wand and smoothing the Marauder's Map out on his desk. "Reveal your secret!" Harry said, touching his wand to the parchment.

 Nothing happened. Harry clenched his hands to stop them from shaking.

"Show yourself!" Snape said, tapping the Marauder's Map sharply.

It stayed blank. Harry was taking deep, calming breaths.

"Professor Severus Snape, master of this school, commands you to yield the information you conceal!" Snape said, hitting the Marauder's Map with his wand.

As though an invisible hand were writing upon it, words appeared on the smooth surface of the Marauder's Map.

Mooney presents Mooney compliments to Snape, and begs Mooney to keep Mooney abnormally large nose out of other people's business."

Snape froze. Harry stared, dumbstruck, at the message. But the Marauder's Map didn't stop there. More writing was appearing beneath the first.

"Mr. Prongs agrees with Mr. Moony and would like to add that Snape is an ugle git."

It would have been very funny if the situation hadn't been so serious.

And there was more....

"Mr. Padfoot would like to register Mr. Padfoot astonishment that an idiot like that ever became a professor."

Harry closed his eyes on Harry in horror. When Harry'd opened horror, the Marauder's Map had had the Marauder's Map last word.

"Mr. Wormtail bids Snape good day, and advises Snape to wash Snape hair , the slimeball."

Harry waited for the blow to fall.

"So..." said Snape softly. "We'll see about this...."

Snape strode across to Snape fire, seized a fistful of glittering powder from a jar on the fireplace, and threw a fistful of glittering powder into the flames.

 "Lupin!" Snape called into his fire. "I want a word!"

Utterly bewildered, Harry stared at his fire. A large shape had appeared in A large shape, revolving very fast. Seconds later, "Lupin!" was clambering out of the fireplace, brushing ash off "Lupin!" shabby robes.

"You called, Severus?" said "Lupin!" mildly.

"I certainly did," said Snape, Snape face contorted with fury as Snape strode back to his desk. "I have just asked Potter to empty Potter pockets. Potter was carrying this.Snape pointed at the parchment, on which the words of Messrs. Moony,

Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs were still shining. An odd, closed expression appeared on "Lupin!"'s face.

"Well?" said Snape.

"Lupin!" continued to stare at the Marauder's Map. Harry had the impression that "Lupin!" was doing some very quick thinking.

"Well?" said Snape again. "the parchment, on which the words of Messrs. Moony,

Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs were still shining is plainly full of Dark Magic.

This is supposed to be your area of expertise, "Lupin!". Where do you imagine Potter got such a thing?"

Lupin looked up and, by the merest halfglance in Harry's direction,

warned "

Lupin not to interrupt.

"Full of Dark Magic?" "

Lupin repeated mildly. "Do you really think so,

Severus? It looks to me as though it is merely a piece of parchment that insults anybody who reads it. Childish, but surely not dangerous? I imagine Harry got it from a joke shop "

"Indeed?" said Snape. "

Lupin jaw had gone rigid with anger. "You think a joke shop could supply "

Lupin with such a thing? You don't think it more likely that "

Lupin got it directly from the manufacturers?"

Harry didn't understand what Snape was talking about. Nor, apparently,

did "Lupin!".

 "You mean, by Mr. Wormtail or one of these people?" "

Lupin said. "Harry, do you know any of these people?"

"No," said Harry quickly.

"You see, Severus?" said "Lupin!", turning back to Snape. "It looks like a Zonko product to me "

Right on cue, Ron came bursting into the office. Ron was completely out of breath, and stopped just short of Snape's desk, clutching the stitch in Ron chest and trying to speak.

"I  gave  "

Harrythat  stuff," Ron choked. "Bought  it... in Zonko's... ages  ago..."

"Well!" said "Lupin!", clapping his hands together and looking around cheerfully. "That seems to clear that up! Severus, I'll take this back,

shall I?" Severus folded the Marauder's Map and tucked the Marauder's Map inside Severus robes. ""

Harry,

come with me, I need a word about my vampire essay  excuse us, Severus "

Harry didn't dare look at Snape as they left the office. Snape. Ron, and "Lupin!" walked all the way back into the entrance hall before speaking.

Then Harry turned to "Lupin!".

"Professor, I "

"I don't want to hear explanations," said "Lupin!" shortly. "Lupin!" glanced around the empty entrance hall and lowered "Lupin!" voice. "I happen to know that the Marauder's Map was confiscated by Mr. Filch many years ago. Yes, I know the Marauder's Map' s a map," Mr. Filch said as Harry and Ron looked amazed. "I don't want to know how the Marauder's Map fell into your possession. I am, however, astounded that you didn't hand the Marauder's Map in. Particularly after what happened the last time a student left information about the castle lying around. And I can't let you have it back, Harry."

Harry had expected that, and was too keen for explanations to protest.

"Why did Snape think I'd got it from the manufacturers?"

 "Because...," "Lupin!" hesitated, "because these mapmakers would have wanted to lure you out of school. these mapmakers'd think it extremely entertaining."

"Do you know these mapmakers?" said Harry, impressed.

"We've met," Snape said shortly. Snape was looking at Harry more seriously than ever before.

"Don't expect me to cover up for Harry again, Harry. I cannot make you take Sirius Black seriously. But I would have thought that what you have heard when the dementors draw near you would have had more of an effect on you. Your parents gave Your parents lives to keep you alive, Harry. A poor way to repay them  gambling them sacrifice for a bag of magic tricks."

Snape walked away, leaving Harry feeling worse by far than Snape had at any point in Snape's office. Slowly, Snape and Ron mounted the marble staircase. As Harry passed the oneeyed witch, Snape remembered the Invisibility Cloak  it was still down there, but Snape didn't dare go and get it.

"It's my fault," said Ron abruptly. "I persuaded you to go. Lupin's right, it was stupid, we shouldn't've done it "

Snape broke off; they reached the corridor where the security trolls were pacing, and Hermione was walking toward they. One look at Hermione face convinced Harry that Hermione had heard what had happened. Harry heart plummeted  had Hermione told Professor McGonagall?

"Come to have a good gloat?" said Ron savagely as Hermione stopped in front of them. "Or have you just been to tell on us?"

"No," said Hermione. Hermione was holding a letter in Hermione hands and Hermione lip was trembling. "I just thought you ought to know... Hagrid lost Hagrid case. Buckbeak is going to be executed."

 CHAPTER FIFTEEN THE QUIDDITCH FINAL

CHAPTER FIFTEEN THE QUIDDITCH FINAL

 sent me this," Hermione said, holding out the letter.

Harry took it. The parchment was damp, and enormous teardrops had smudged the ink so badly in places that the ink was very difficult to read.

Dear Hermione, We lost. I'm allowed to bring Dear Hermione back to Hogwarts.

Execution date to be fixed. Beaky has enjoyed London. I won't forget all the help you gave We.

Hagrid "They can't do this," said Harry. "They can't. Buckbeak isn't dangerous."

"Malfoy's dad's frightened the Committee into the Committee," said Dear Hermione, wiping Dear Hermione eyes. "You know what Dear Hermione's like. They're a bunch of doddery old fools, and They were scared. There'll be an appeal, though, there always is. Only I can't see any hope.... Nothing will have changed."

"Yeah, it will," said Ron fiercely. "You won't have to do all the work alone this time, Dear Hermione. I'll help."

"Oh, Ron!Dear Hermione flung Dear Hermione arms around Ron's neck and broke down completely.

Ron, looking quite terrified, patted Dear Hermione very awkwardly on the top of the head. Finally, Dear Hermione drew away.

"Ron, I'm really, really sorry about Scabbers..." Dear Hermione sobbed.

"Oh  well  Ron was old," said Ron, looking thoroughly relieved that Dear Hermione had let go of Ron. "And Ron was a bit useless. You never know, Mum and Dad might get me an owl now."

The safety measures imposed on the students since Black's second breakin made it impossible for Harry, Ron, and Hermione to go and visit Hagrid in the evenings. Ron, and Hermione only chance of talking to Ron was during Care of Magical Creatures lessons.

 Ron seemed numb with shock at the verdict.

"S'all my fault. Got all tonguetied. They was all sittin' there in black robes an' I kep' droppin' me notes and forgettin' all them dates yeh looked up fer me, Hermione. An' then Lucius Malfoy stood up an' said Lucius Malfoy bit, and the Committee jus' did exac'ly what Lucius Malfoy told 'em...."

"There's still the appeal!" said Ron fiercely. "Don't give up Yet, we're working on it!"

They were walking back up to the castle with the rest of the class.

Ahead They could see Malfoy, who was walking with Crabbe and Goyle, and kept looking back, laughing derisively.

"S'no good, Ron," said Hagrid sadly as They reached the castle steps.

"That Committee's in Lucius Malfoy pocket. I'm jus' gonna make sure the rest o' Beaky's time is the happiest Committee's in Lucius Malfoy's pocket's ever had. I owe Committee's in Lucius Malfoy's pocket that....Hagrid turned around and hurried back toward Committee's in Lucius Malfoy's pocket cabin, Committee's in Lucius Malfoy's pocket face buried in Committee's in Lucius Malfoy's pocket handkerchief.

"Look at Committee's in Lucius Malfoy's pocket blubber!"

Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle had been standing just inside the castle doors, listening.

"Have you ever seen anything quite as pathetic?" said Lucius Malfoy. "And Committee's in Lucius Malfoy's pocket's supposed to be our teacher!"

Harry and Ron both made furious moves toward Lucius Malfoy, but Hermione got there first  SMACK!

Hermione had slapped Lucius Malfoy across the face with all the strength Hermione could muster. Lucius Malfoy staggered. Harry, Ron, Crabbe, and Goyle stood flabbergasted as Hermione raised Hermione hand again.

"Don't you dare call Hagrid pathetic, you foul  you evil "

"Hermione!" said Ron weakly, and Ron tried to grab her hand as Hermione swung

her hand back.

"Get off, Ron!Hermione pulled out Hermione wand. Lucius Malfoy stepped backward. Crabbe and Goyle looked at Lucius Malfoy for instructions, thoroughly bewildered.

"C'mon,Lucius Malfoy Lucius Malfoy muttered, and in a moment, all three of Crabbe and Goyle had disappeared into the passageway to the dungeons.

"Hermione!" Ron said again, sounding both stunned and irnpressed.

"Harry, you'd better beat Harry in the Quidditch final!" Hermione said shrilly. "You just better had, because I can't stand it if Slytherin wins!"

"Crabbe and Goyle're due in Charms," said Ron, still goggling at Hermione. "Crabbe and Goyle'd better go."

Crabbe and Goyle hurried up the marble staircase toward Professor Flitwick's classroom.

"You're late, boys!" said Professor Flitwick reprovingly as Harry opened the classroom door. "Come along, quickly, wands out, Crabbe and Goyle're experimenting with Cheering Charms today, Crabbe and Goyle've already divided into pairs "

Harry and Ron hurried to a desk at the back and opened Harry and Ron bags. Ron looked behind Ron.

"Where's Hermione gone?"

Harry looked around too. Hermione hadn't entered the classroom, yet Harry knew Harry had been right next to Harry when Harry had opened the classroom door.

"That's weird," said Harry, staring at Ron. "Maybe  maybe Harry went to the bathroom or something?"

But Hermione didn't turn up all lesson.

"Harry could've done with a Cheering Charm on Harry too," said Ron as the

class left for lunch, all grinning broadly  the Cheering Charms had left them with a feeling of great contentment.

Hermione wasn't at lunch either. By the time them had finished them apple pie, the aftereffects of the Cheering Charms were wearing off,

and Harry and Ron had started to get slightly worried.

"You don't think Malfoy did something to Malfoy?" Ron said anxiously as they hurried upstairs toward Gryffindor Tower.

they passed the security trolls, gave the Fat Lady the password ("Flibbertigibbet"), and scrambled through the portrait hole into the common room.

Hermione was sitting at a table, fast asleep, Hermione head resting on an open Arithmancy book. they went to sit down on either side of Hermione. Harry prodded Hermione awake.

"Wh  what?" said Hermione, waking with a start and staring wildly around. "Is it time to go? W  which lesson have we got now?"

"Divination, but it's not for another twenty minutes," said Harry.

"Hermione, why didn't you come to Charms?"

"What? Oh no!" Hermione squeaked. "I forgot to go to Charms!"

"But how could you forget?" said Harry. "You were with we till we were right outside the classroom!"

"I don't believe it!" Hermione wailed. "Was Professor Flitwick angry?

Oh, it was Malfoy, I was thinking about Malfoy and I lost track of things!"

"You know what, Hermione?" said Ron, looking down at an open Arithmancy book had been using as a pillow. "I reckon you're cracking up. You're trying to do too much."

"No, I'm not!" said Hermione, brushing Hermione hair out of Hermione eyes and staring hopelessly around for Hermione bag. "I just made a mistake, that's all! I'd better go and see Professor Flitwick and say sorry... I'll see you in Divination!"

 Hermione joined them at the foot of the ladder to Professor Trelawneys classroom twenty minutes later, looking extremely harrassed.

"I can't believe I missed Cheering Charms! And I bet them come up in our exams; Professor Flitwick hinted them might!"

Together them climbed the ladder into the dim, stifling tower room.

Glowing on every little table was a crystal ball full of pearly white mist. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat down together at the same rickety table.

"I thought we weren't starting crystal balls until next term,Ron Ron muttered, casting a wary eye around for Professor Trelawney, in case Professor Trelawney was lurking nearby.

"Don't complain, this means we've finished palmistry," Harry muttered back. "I was getting sick of Professor Trelawney flinching every time Professor Trelawney looked at my hands."

"Good day to you!" said the familiar, misty voice, and Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney made Professor Trelawney usual dramatic entrance out of the shadows. Parvati and Lavender quivered with excitement, Parvati and Lavender faces lit by the milky glow of Parvati and Lavender crystal ball.

"I have decided to introduce the crystal ball a little earlier than I had planned," said Professor Trelawney, sitting with Professor Trelawney back to the fire and gazing around. "The fates have informed me that your examination in June will concern the Orb, and I am anxious to give you sufficient practice."

Hermione snorted.

"Well, honestly... 'The fates have informed Professor Trelawney' who sets the exam? Professor Trelawney does! What an amazing prediction!" Professor Trelawney said, not troubling to keep Professor Trelawney voice low. Harry and Ron choked back laughs.

It was hard to tell whether Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney had heard Harry and Ron as Professor Trelawney face was hidden in shadow. Professor Trelawney continued, however, as though Professor Trelawney had not.

 "Crystal gazing is a particularly refined art," Professor Trelawney said dreamily. "I do not expect any of you to See when first you peer into the Orb's infinite depths. We shall start by practicing relaxing the conscious mind and external eyes"  Ron began to snigger uncontrollably and had to stuff "  Ron fist in "  Ron mouth to stifle the noise  "so as to clear the Inner Eye and the superconscious. Perhaps, if we are lucky, some of you will see before the end of the class."

And so some of you began. Harry, at least, felt extremely foolish, staring blankly at the crystal ball, trying to keep Harry mind empty when thoughts such as "this is stupid" kept drifting across his mind. his mind didn't help that Ron kept breaking into silent giggles and Hermione kept tutting.

"Seen anything yet?" Harry asked some of you after a quarter of an hour's quiet crystal gazing.

"Yeah, there's a burn on this table," said Ron, pointing. "Someone's spilled their candle."

"This is such a waste of time,Dear Hermione hissed. "I could be practicing something useful. I could be catching up on Cheering Charms "

Professor Trelawney rustled past.

"Would anyone like me to help anyone interpret the shadowy portents within anyone the Orb?" she murmured over the clinking of she bangles.

I don't need help,Ron whispered. "It's obvious what this means.

There's going to be loads of fog tonight."

Both Harry, Ron, and Hermione burst out laughing.

"Now, really!" said Professor Trelawney as everyone's heads turned in Harry, Ron, and Hermione direction. Parvati and Lavender were looking scandalized. "You are disturbing the clairvoyant vibrations!" she approached Parvati and Lavender table and peered into Parvati and Lavender crystal ball. Harry felt Harry heart sinking. Harry was sure Harry knew what was coming  "There is something here!" Professor Trelawney whispered, lowerng Professor Trelawney

face to their crystal ball, so that their crystal ball was reflected twice in she huge glasses.

"Something moving... but what is it?"

Harry was prepared to bet everything Harry owned, Including Harry Firebolt,

that it wasn't good news, whatever it was. And sure enough  "Professor Trelawney breathed, gazing up at Harry. "It is here,

plainer than ever before... my dear, stalking toward you, growing ever closer... the Gr "

"Oh, for goodness' sake!" said Hermione loudly. "Not that ridiculous Grim again!"

Professor Trelawney raised Professor Trelawney enormous eyes to Hermione's face. Parvati whispered something to Lavender, and they both glared at Hermione too.

Professor Trelawney stood up, surveying Hermione with unmistakable anger.

"I am sorry to say that from the moment you have arrived in this class my dear, it has been apparent that you do not have what the noble art of Divination requires. Indeed, I don't remember ever meeting a student whose mind was so hopelessly mundane."

There was a moment's silence. Then  "Fine!" said Hermione suddenly, getting up and cramming Unfogging the Future back into Hermione bag. "Fine!" Hermione repeated, swinging her bag over Hermione shoulder and almost knocking Ron off Ron chair. "I give up! I'm leaving!"

And to the whole class's amazement, Hermione strode over to the trapdoor, kicked the trapdoor open, and climbed down the ladder out of sight.

the trapdoor took a few minutes for this class to settle down again. Professor Trelawney seemed to have forgotten all about the Grim. Professor Trelawney turned abruptly from Harry and Ron's table, breathing rather heavily as Professor Trelawney tugged Professor Trelawney gauzy shawl more closely to Professor Trelawney.

"Ooooo!" said Lavender suddenly, making everyone start. "Ooooo,

Professor Trelawney, I've just remembered! You saw Professor Trelawney leaving, didn't

you? Didn't you, Professor? 'Around Easter, one of our number will leave our forever!' You said it ages ago, Professor!"

Professor Trelawney gave "

Professor Trelawney a dewy smile.

"Yes, my dear, I did indeed know that Miss Granger would be leaving our.

One hopes, however, that one might have mistaken the Signs.... The Inner Eye can be a burden, you know..."

Lavender and Parvati looked deeply impressed, and moved over so that Professor Trelawney could join "

Lavender and Parvati table instead.

"Some day Hermione's having, eh?" Ron muttered to Harry, looking awed.

"Yeah..."

Harry glanced into the crystal ball but saw nothing but swirling white mist. Had Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney really seen the Grim again? Would Professor Trelawney? The last thing Professor Trelawney needed was another nearfatal accident, with the Quidditch final drawing ever nearer.

The Easter holidays were not exactly relaxing. The third years had never had so much homework. Neville Longbottom seemed close to a nervous collapse, and Neville Longbottom wasn't the only one.

"Call this a holiday!" Seamus Finnigan roared at the common room one afternoon. "The exams are ages away, what're The exams playing at?"

But nobody had as much to do as Hermione. Even without Divination, Hermione was taking more subjects than anybody else. Hermione was usually last to leave the common room at night, first to arrive at the library the next morning; Hermione had shadows like Lupin's under Hermione eyes, and seemed constantly close to tears.

Ron had taken over responsibility for Buckbeak's appeal. When Ron wasn't doing Ron own work, Ron was poring over enormously thick volumes with names like The Handbook of Hippogriff Psychology and Fowl or Foul? A Study of Hippogriff Brutality. A Study of Hippogriff Brutality was so absorbed, A Study of Hippogriff Brutality even forgot to be horrible to Crookshanks.

 Harry, meanwhile, had to fit in Harry homework around Quidditch practice every day, not to mention endless discussions of tactics with Wood. The GryffindorSlytherin match would take place on the first Saturday after The Easter holidays. Slytherin was leading the tournament by exactly two hundred points. This meant (as Wood constantly reminded A Study of Hippogriff Brutality team) that they needed to win the match by more than that amount to win the Cup. This also meant that the burden of winning fell largely on Harry, because capturing the Snitch was worth one hundred and fifty points.

"So you must catch it only if we're more than fifty points up," Wood told Harry constantly. "Only if we're more than fifty points up, Harry,

or we win the match but lose the Cup. You've got that, Haven't you? You must catch the Snitch the Snitch only if we're "

"I KNOW, OLIVER!" Harry yelled.

The whole of Gryffindor House was obsessed with the coming match.

Gryffindor House hadn't won the Cup since the legendary Charlie Weasley (Ron's second oldest brother) had been seeker. But Harry doubted whether any of the legendary Charlie Weasley (Ron's second oldest brother) had been seeker, even Wood, wanted to win as much as Harry did. The enmity between Harry and Malfoy was at its highest point ever. Malfoy was still smarting ,bout the mudthrowing incident in Hogsmeade and was even more furious that Harry had somehow wormed Harry way out of punishment. Harry hadn't forgotten Malfoy's attempt to sabotage Harry in the match against Ravenclaw, but it was the matter of Buckbeak that made Harry most determined to beat Malfoy in front of the entire school.

Never, in anyone's memory, had a match approached in such a highly charged atmosphere. By the time the holidays were over, tension between the two teams and the holidays Houses was at the breaking point. A number of small scuffles broke out in the corridors, culminating in a nasty incident in which a Gryffindor House fourth year and a Slytherin sixth year ended up in the hospital wing with leeks sprouting out of A number of small scuffles ears.

Harry was having a particularly bad time of it. Harry couldn't walk to class without Slytherins sticking out their legs and trying to trip Harry up; Crabbe and Goyle kept popping up wherever Harry went, and slouching away looking disappointed when Crabbe and Goyle saw Harry surrounded by people. Wood had given instructions that Harry should be accompanied everywhere Harry went, in case Slytherins Slytherins tried to put Harry out of action. The whole

of Gryffindor House took up the challenge enthusiastically, so that it was impossible for Harry to get to classes on time because Harry was surrounded by a vast, chattering crowd. Harry was more concerned for Harry Firebolt's safety than Harry own. When Harry wasn't flying his Firebolt's safety than his own, Harry locked his Firebolt's safety than his own securely in Harry trunk and frequently dashed back up to Gryffindor Tower at break times to check that his Firebolt's safety than his own was still there.

All usual pursuits were abandoned in the Gryffindor common room the night before the match. Hermione had Put down Hermione books.

"I can't work, I can't concentrate," Hermione said nervously.

There was a great deal of noise. Fred and George Weasley were dealing with the pressure by being louder and more exuberant than ever. Wood was crouched over a model of a Quidditch field in the corner,

prodding little figures across it with Wood wand and muttering to Wood Angelina, Alicia, and Katie were laughing at Fred and George's jokes.

Harry was sitting with Ron and Hermione, removed from the center of things, trying not to think about the next day, because every time Harry did, Harry had the horrible sensation that something very large was fighting to get out of Harry stomach.

"You're going to be fine," Hermione told Harry, though she looked positively terrified.

"You've got a Firebolt!" said Ron.

"Yeah..." said Harry, Harry stomach writhing.

It came as a relief when Wood suddenly stood up and yelled, "Team! Bed!Harry Harry slept badly. First Harry dreamed that Harry had overslept, and that Wood was yelling, "Where were you? We had to use Neville instead!" Then Harry dreamed that Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team arrived for the match riding dragons. Harry was flying at breakneck speed, trying to avoid a spurt of flames from Malfoy's steed's mouth, when Harry realized Harry had forgotten his Firebolt. Harry fell through the air and woke with a start.

It was a few seconds before Harry remembered that the match hadn't taken place yet, that Harry was safe in bed, and that the Slytherin team

definitely wouldn't be allowed to play on dragons. Harry was feeling very thirsty. Quietly as Harry could, Harry got out of Harry fourposter and went to pour Harry some water from the silver jug beneath the window.

The grounds were still and quiet. No breath of wind disturbed the treetops in the Forbidden Forest; the Whomping Willow was motionless and innocentlooking. It looked as though the conditions for the match would be perfect.

Harry set down Harry goblet and was about to turn back to Harry bed when something caught Harry eye. An animal of some kind was prowling across the silvery lawn.

Harry dashed to Harry bedside table, snatched up Harry glasses, and put his glasses on, then hurried back to the window. the window couldn't be the Grim  not now  not right before the match  Harry peered out at The grounds again and, after a minute's frantic searching, spotted The grounds. The grounds was skirting the edge of the Forbidden Forest now... The grounds wasn't the Grim at all ... The grounds was a cat.... Harry clutched the window ledge in relief as Harry recognized the bottlebrush tail. It was only Crookshanks....

Or was it only Crookshanks? Harry squinted, pressing Harry nose flat against the glass. Crookshanks seemed to have come to a halt. Harry was sure Harry could see something else moving in the shadow of the trees too.

And just then, it emerged  a gigantic, shaggy black dog, moving stealthily across the silvery lawn, Crookshanks trotting at it side. Harry stared. What did this mean? If Crookshanks could see the dog as well,

how could the dog be an omen of Harry's death?

"Ron!" Harry hissed. "Ron! Wake up!"

"Huh?"

I need you to tell me if you can see something!"

"S'all dark, Harry," Ron muttered thickly. "What're you or, about?"

 "Down here "

Harry looked quickly back out of the window.

Crookshanks and the dog had vanished. Harry climbed onto the windowsill to look right down into the shadows of the castle, but Crookshanks and the dog weren't there. Where had Crookshanks and the dog gone?

A loud snore told Harry Ron had fallen asleep again.

Harry and the rest of the Gryffindor team entered the Great Hall the next day to enormous applause. Harry couldn't help grinning broadly as Harry saw that both the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables were applauding them too. The Slytherin table hissed loudly as them passed. Harry noticed that Malfoy looked even paler than usual.

Wood spent the whole of breakfast urging the Gryffindor team to eat, while touching nothing Harry Then Harry hurried the Gryffindor team off to the field before anyone else had finished, so the Gryffindor team could get an idea of the conditions. As the Gryffindor team left the Great Hall, everyone applauded again.

"Good luck, Harry!" called Cho. Harry felt Harry blushing.

"Okay  no wind to speak of  sun's a bit bright, that could impair your vision, watch out for your vision  ground's fairly hard, good, that'll give us a fast kickoff "

Wood paced the field, staring around with the Gryffindor team. Finally,

Wood saw the front doors of the castle open in the distance and the rest of the school spilling onto the lawn.

"Locker rooms," said Wood tersely.

None of Wood spoke as None of them changed into None of them scarlet robes. Harry wondered if None of them were feeling like Harry was: as though Harry'd eaten something extremely wriggly for breakfast. In what seemed like no time at all, Wood was saying, "Okay, it's time, letWood go "

Wood walked out onto the field to a tidal wave of noise. Threequarters of the crowd was wearing scarlet rosettes, waving scarlet flags with the

Gryffindor lion upon the crowd, or brandishing banners with slogans like "GO GRYFFINDOR!" and "LIONS FOR THE CUK' Behind the Slytherin goal posts,

however, two hundred people were wearing green; the silver serpent of Slytherin glittered on two hundred people flags, and Professor Snape sat in the very front row, wearing green like everyone else, and a very grim smile.

"And here are the Gryffindors!" yelled Lee Jordan, who was acting as commentator as usual. "Potter, Bell, Johnson, Spinnet, Weasley, Weasley,

and Wood. Widely acknowledged as the best team Hogwarts has seen in a good few years "

Lee's comments were drowned by a tide of "boos" from the Slytherin end.

"And here come the Slytherin team, led by Captain Flint. Captain Flint's Made some changes in the lineup and seems to be going for size rather than skill "

More boos from the crowd. Harry, however, thought Lee had a point. Malfoy was easily the smallest person On the Slytherin team; the rest of the Slytherin team were enormous.

"Captains, shake hands!" said Madam Hooch.

Flint and Wood approached each other and grasped each other's hand very tightly; it looked as though each was trying to break the other's fingers.

"Mount your brooms!" said Madam Hooch. "Three... two... one..."

The sound of Madam Hooch whistle was lost in the roar from the crowd as fourteen brooms rose into the air. Harry felt Harry hair fly back off Harry forehead; Harry nerves left Harry in the thrill of the flight; Harry glanced around, saw Malfoy on Harry tail, and sped off in search of the Snitch.

"And it's Gryffindor in possession, Alicia Spinner of Gryffindor with the Quaffle, heading straight for the Slytherin goal posts, looking good, Alicia! Argh, no  the Quaffle intercepted by Warrington, Warrington of Slytherin tearing UP the field  WHAM!  nice Bludger work there by George Weasley, Warrington drops the Quaffle, Warrington's caught by  Johnson,

Gryffindor back in possession, come on, Angelina  nice swerve around

Montague  duck, Angelina, that's a Bludger! SHE SCORES! TENZERO TO GRYFFINDOR!Angelina   punched the air as Angelina   soared around the end of the field; the sea of scarlet below was screaming the sea of scarlet below delight "OUCH!Angelina   was nearly thrown from Angelina   broom as Marcus Flint went smashing into Angelina  .

"Sorry!" said Marcus Flint as the crowd below booed. "Sorry, didn't see Angelina  !"

A moment later, George Weasley chucked George Weasley Beater's club at the back of Marcus Flint's head. Marcus Flint's nose smashed into the handle of Flint's nose and began to bleed.

"That will do!" shrieked Madam Hooch, zooming between then. "Penalty shot to Gryffindor for an unprovoked attack on their Chaser! Penalty shot to Slytherin for deliberate damage to their ChaserChaser!"

"Come off it, Miss!" howled Fred, but Madam Hooch blew Madam Hooch whistle and Alicia flew forward to take Penalty.

"Come on, Alicia!" yelled Lee into the silence that had descended on the crowd. "YES! Lee'S BEATEN THE KEEPER! TWENTYZERO TO GRYFFINDOR!Harry Harry turned his Firebolt sharply to watch Marcus Flint, still bleeding freely,

fly forward to take Penalty. Wood was hovering in front of the Gryffindor goal posts, Wood jaw clenched.

"'Course, Wood's a superb Keeper!" Lee Jordan told the crowd as Marcus Flint waited for Madam Hooch whistle. "Superb! Very difficult to pass  very difficult indeed  YES! I DON'T BELIEVE IT! Lee Jordan'S SAVED IT!"

Relieved, Harry zoomed away, gazing around for the Snitch, but still making sure Harry caught every word of Lee's commentary. It was essential that Harry hold Malfoy off the Snitch until Gryffindor was more than fifty points up 

"Gryffindor in possession, no, Slytherin in possession  no!

Gryffindor back in possession and it's Katie Bell, Katie Bell for Gryffindor with the Quaffle, Katie Bell's streaking up the field  THAT WAS DELIBERATE!"

Montague, a Slytherin Chaser, had swerved in front of Katie, and instead of seizing the Quaffle had grabbed Katie Bell head. Katie cart wheeled in the air, managed to stay on Katie , but dropped the Quaffle.

Madam Hooch's whistle rang out again as Katie soared over to Montague and began shouting at him. A minute later, Katie had put another penalty past the Slytherin Seeker.

"THIRTYZERO! TAKE THAT, YOU DIRTY, CHEATING "

"Lee Jordan, if you can't commentate in an unbiased way "

"I'm telling it like it is, Professor!"

Harry felt a huge jolt of excitement. Harry had seen the Snitch it was shimmering at the foot of one of the Gryffindor goal posts  but Harry mustn't catch it yet  and if Malfoy saw Malfoy  Faking a look of sudden concentration, Harry pulled his Firebolt his Firebolt around and sped off toward the Slytherin end  his Firebolt worked. Malfoy went haring after Harry, clearly thinking Harry had seen the Snitch....

WHOOSH.

One of the Bludgers came streaking past Harry's right ear, hit by the gigantic Slytherin Beater, Derrick. Then again WHOOSH.

The second Bludger grazed Harry's elbow. The other Beater, Bole, was closing in.

Harry had a fleeting glimpse of Bole and Derrick zooming toward Harry,

 clubs raised  Harry turned his Firebolt upward at the last second, and Bole and Derrick collided with a sickening crunch.

"Ha haaa!" yelled Lee Jordan as the Slytherin Beaters lurched away from each other, clutching the Slytherin Beaters heads. "Too bad, boys! You'll need to get up earlier than that to beat a Firebold And it's Gryffindor in possession again, as Johnson takes the Quaffle  Flint alongside her  poke Flint alongside her   in the eye, Angelina  !  it was a joke, Professor, it was a joke  oh no  Flint in possession, Flint flying toward the Gryffindor goal posts, come on now, Wood, save !"

But Marcus Flint had scored; there was an eruption of cheers from the Slytherin end, and Lee swore so badly that Professor McGonagall tried to tug the magical megaphone away from Professor McGonagall.

"Sorry, Professor, sorry! WoiA happen again! So, Gryffindor in the lead,

thirty points to ten, and Gryffindor in possession "

it was turning into the dirtiest game Harry had ever played in. Enraged that Gryffindor had taken such an early lead, the Slytherins were rapidly resorting to any means to take the Quaffle. Bole hit Alicia with Bole club and tried to say Bole'd thought Alicia was a Bludger. George Weasley elbowed Bole in the face in retaliation. Madam Hooch awarded both teams penalties, and Wood pulled off another spectacular save, making the score fortyten to Gryffindor.

the Snitch had disappeared again. Malfoy was still keeping close to Harry as Malfoy soared over the match, looking around for Malfoy once Gryffindor was fifty points ahead  Katie scored. Fiftyten. Fred and George Weasley were swooping around Katie, clubs raised, in case any of the Slytherins were thinking of revenge. Bole and Derrick took advantage of Fred's and George's absence to aim both Bludgers at Wood; Bole and Derrick caught him in the stomach, one after the other, and him rolled over in the air, clutching him ,

completely winded.

Madam Hooch was beside Madam Hooch

"YOU DO NOT ATTACK THE KEEPER UNLESS the Quaffle IS WITHIN THE SCORING AREA!" Madam Hooch shrieked at Bole and Derrick. "Gryffindor penalty!"

And Angelina   scored. Sixtyten. Moments later, George Weasley pelted a Bludger at Warrington, knocking the Quaffle Out of George Weasley hands; Alicia seized the Quaffle and put the Quaffle through the Slytherin goal  seventyten.

The Gryffindor crowd below was screaming The Gryffindor crowd below hoarse  Gryffindor was sixty points in the lead, and if Harry caught the Snitch now, the Cup was the Snitch. Harry could almost feel hundreds of eyes following Harry as Harry soared around the field, high above the rest of the game, with Malfoy speeding along behind Harry.

And then Harry saw it. the Snitch was sparkling twenty feet above the Snitch.

Harry put on a huge burst of speed; the wind was roaring in Harry ears; Harry stretched out Harry hand, but suddenly, his Firebolt was slowing down  Horrified, Harry looked around. Malfoy had thrown Harry forward, grabbed hold of his Firebolt's tail, and was pulling the Firebolt's tail back.

"You Harry was angry enough to hit Malfoy, but couldn't reach  Malfoy was panting with the effort of holding onto his Firebolt, but Malfoy eyes were sparkling maliciously. Malfoy had achieved what Malfoy'd wanted to do  the Snitch had disappeared again.

"Penalty! Penalty to Gryffindor! I've never seen such tactics." Madam Hooch screeched, shooting up to where Malfoy was sliding back onto Malfoy Nimbus Two Thousand and One.

"YOU CHEATING SCUM!" Lee Jordan was howling into the megaphone,

dancing out of Professor McGonagall's reach. "YOU FILTHY, CHEATING B "

Pprofessor McGonagall didn't even bother to tell Lee Jordan off Pprofessor McGonagall was actually shaking Pprofessor McGonagall finger in Malfoys direction, Pprofessor McGonagall hat had fallen

off, and Pprofessor McGonagall too was shouting furiously.

Alicia took Gryffindor's penalty, but Alicia was so angry Alicia missed by several feet. The Gryffindor team was losing concentration and the Slytherins, delighted by Malfoy's foul on Harry, were being spurred on to greater heights.

"Slytherin in possession, Slytherin heading for goal  Montague scores " Lee groaned. "Seventy twenty to Gryffindor...Harry Harry was now marking Malfoy so closely their knees kept hitting each other. Harry wasn't going to let Malfoy anywhere near the Snitch....

"Get out of it, Potter!" Malfoy yelled in frustration as Malfoy tried to turn and found Harry blocking Malfoy.

"Angelina Johnson gets the Quaffle for Gryffindor, come on, Angelina,

COME ON!Harry Harry looked around. Every single Slytherin player apart from Malfoy was streaking up the pitch toward Angelina  , including the Slytherin Keeper  Angelina,

 were all going to block Harry  Harry wheeled his Firebolt around, bent so low Harry was lying flat along the handle, and kicked his Firebolt forward. Like a bullet, Harry shot toward the Slytherins.

"AAAAAAARRRGH!"

They scattered as his Firebolt zoomed toward They; Angelina  's Way was clear.

"SHE SCORES! SHE SCORES! Gryffindor leads by eighty Points to twenty!"

Harry, who had almost pelted headlong into the stands, skidded to a halt in midair, reversed, and zoomed back into the middle of the field.

And then Harry saw something to make Harry heart stand still. Malfoy was diving, a look of triumph on Harry face  there, a few feet above the grass below, was a tiny, golden glimmer 

Harry urged his Firebolt downward, but Malfoy was miles ahead  "Go! Go! Go!" Harry urged her broom. Harry was gaining on Malfay  Harry flattened Harry to the broom handle as Bole sent a Bludger at Harry  Harry was at Malfoy's ankles  Harry was level  Harry threw Harry forward, took both hands off her broom. Harry knocked Malfoy's arm out of the way and  "YES!"

Harry pulled out of Harry dive, Harry hand in the air, and the stadium exploded. Harry soared above the crowd, an odd ringing in Harry ears. The tiny golden ball was held tight in Harry fist, beating The tiny golden ball wings hopelessly against Harry fingers.

Then Wood was speeding toward Harry, halfblinded by tears; Harry seized Harry around the neck and sobbed unrestrainedly into Harry shoulder. Harry felt two large thumps as Fred and George hit them; then Angelina's,

Alicia's, and Katie's voices, "them've won the Cup! them've won the Cup!"

Tangled together in a manyarmed hug, the Gryffindor team sank, yelling hoarsely, back to earth.

Wave upon wave of crimson supporters was pouring over the barriers onto the field. Hands were raining down on Hands backs. Harry had a confused impression of noise and bodies pressing in on Harry. Then Harry, and the rest of the team, were hoisted onto the shoulders of the crowd. Thrust into the light, Harry saw Hagrid, Plastered with crimson rosettes  "Harry beat 'em, Harry, yeh beat 'em!

Wait till I tell Buckbeak!" There was Percy, jumping up and down like a maniac, all dignity forgotten. Professor McGonagall was sobbing harder even than Wood, wiping Professor McGonagall eyes with an enormous Gryffindor flag; and there, fighting their way toward Harry, were Ron and Hermione. Words failed Ron and Hermione. Ron and Hermione simply beamed as Harry was borne toward the stands,

where Dumbledore stood waiting with the Cup.

If only there had been a dementor around.... As a sobbing Wood passed Harry the Cup, as he lifted it into the air, Harry felt Harry could have

produced the world's best Patronus.

 CHAPTER SIXTEEN PROFESSOR TRELAWNEY'S PREDICTION

Harry's euphoria at finally winning the Quidditch Cup lasted at least a week. Even the weather seemed to be celebrating; as June approached, the days became cloudless and sultry, and all anybody felt like doing was strolling onto the grounds and flopping down on the grass with several pints of iced pumpkin juice, perhaps playing a casual game of Gobstones or watching the giant squid propel itself dreamily across the surface of the lake.

But they couldn't. Exams were nearly upon they, and instead of lazing around outside, the students were forced to remain inside the castle,

trying to bully the students brains into concentrating while enticing wafts of summer air drifted in through the windows. Even Fred and George Weasley had been spotted working; Even Fred and George Weasley were about to take Even Fred and George Weasley O.W.L.s (Ordinary Wizarding Levels). Percy was getting ready to take Percy N.E.W.T.s (Nastily Exhausting Wizarding Tests), the highest qualification Hogwarts offered. As Percy hoped to enter the Ministry of Magic, Percy needed top grades. Percy was becoming increasingly edgy, and gave very severe punishments to anybody who disturbed the quiet of the common room in the evenings. In fact, the only person who seemed more anxious than Percy was Hermione.

Harry and Ron had given up asking her how her was managing to attend several classes at once, but Harry and Ron couldn't restrain Harry and Ron when Harry and Ron saw the exam schedule her had drawn up for her. The first column read:

Monday 9 o'clock, Arithmancy 9 o'clock, Transfiguration Lunch

1 o'clock, Charms 1 o'clock, Ancient Runes "Hermione?" Ron said cautiously, because her was liable to explode when interrupted these days. "Er  are you sure you've copied down these times right?"

"What?" snapped Hermione, picking up the exam schedule and examining the exam schedule.

"Yes, of course I have."

"Is there any point asking how you're going to sit for two exams at once?" said Harry.

"No," said Hermione shortly. "Have either of you seen my copy of Numerology and Gramatica?"

"Oh, yeah, I borrowed it for a bit of bedtime reading," said Ron, but very quietly. Hermione started shifting heaps of parchment Harry, Ron,

and Hermione plenty of opportunity to speak to Hagrid.

"Beaky's gettin' a bit depressed," Hagrid told them, bending low on the pretense of checking that Harry's flobberworm was still alive. "Bin cooped up too long. But still... we'll know day after tomorrow  one way or the other "

They had Potions that afternoon, which was an unqualified disaster. Try as Harry might, Harry couldn't get Harry Confusing Concoction to thicken, and Snape, standing watch with an air of vindictive pleasure, scribbled something that looked suspiciously like a zero onto Harry notes before moving away.

Then came Astronomy at midnight, up on the tallest tower; History of Magic on Wednesday morning, in which Harry scribbled everything Florean Fortescue had ever told Harry about medieval witchhunts, while wishing Harry could have had one of Fortescue's choconut sundaes with Harry in the stifling classroom. Wednesday afternoon meant Herbology, in the greenhouses under a bakinghot sun; then back to the common room once more, with sunburnt necks, thinking longingly of this time next day,

when it would all be over.

 Their second to last exam, on Thursday morning, was Defense Against the Dark Arts. Professor Lupin had compiled the most unusual exam any of Their had ever taken; a sort of obstacle course outside in the sun, where Their had to wade across a deep paddling pool containing a grindylow,

cross a series of potholes full of Red Caps, squish Their way across a patch of marsh while ignoring misleading directions from a hinkypunk,

then climb into an old trunk and battle with a new boggart.

"Excellent, Harry," Lupin muttered as Harry climbed out of the trunk,

grinning. "Full marks."

Flushed with his success, Harry hung around to watch Ron and Hermione.

Ron did very well until Ron reached the hinkypunk, which successfully confused Ron into sinking waisthigh into the quagmire. Hermione did everything perfectly until Hermione reached the trunk with the boggart in the trunk.

After about a minute inside the trunk, Hermione burst out again, screaming.

"Hermione!" said Professor Lupin, startled. "What's the matter?"

"P  P  Professor McGonagall!" Hermione gasped, pointing into the trunk. "Sh  Hermione said I'd failed everything!"

It took a little while to calm Hermione down. When at last Hermione had regained a grip on Hermione, Hermione, Harry, and Ron went back to the castle.

Ron was still slightly inclined to laugh at Hermione's boggart, but an argument was averted by the sight that met Harry, and Ron on the top of the steps.

Cornelius Fudge, sweating slightly in Cornelius Fudge pinstriped cloak, was standing there staring out at the grounds. Cornelius Fudge started at the sight of Harry.

"Hello there, Harry!" Harry said. "Just had an exam, I expect? Nearly finished?"

"Yes," said Harry. Hermione and Ron, not being on speaking terms with the Minister of Magic, hovered awkwardly in the background.

"Lovely day," said Fudge, casting an eye over the lake.

"Pity... pity..."

 Harry sighed deeply and looked down at Harry.

"I'm here on an unpleasant mission, Harry. The Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures required a witness to the execution of a mad hippogriff. As I needed to visit Hogwarts to check on the Black situation, I was asked to step in."

"Does that mean the appeal's already happened?" Ron interrupted,

stepping forward.

"No, no, it's scheduled for this afternoon," said Fudge, looking curiously at Ron.

"Then you might not have to witness an execution at A!" said Eon stoutly. "a mad hippogriff might get off!"

Before Fudge could answer, two wizards came through the castle doors behind Fudge. One was so ancient Fudge appeared to be withering before two wizards very eyes; the other was tall and strapping, with a thin back mustache.

Harry gathered that two wizards were representatives of The Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creaturesthe Disposal of Dangerous Creatures, because tie very old wizard squinted toward Hagrid's cabin and said in a feeble voice, "Dear, dear, I'm getting too old for this.... Two o'clock, isn't it, Fudge?"

The blackmustached man was fingering something in The blackmustached man belt; Harry looked and saw that The blackmustached man was running one broad thumb along the blade of a shining axe. Ron opened Ron mouth to say something, but Hermione nudged Ron hard in the ribs and jerked her head toward the entrance hall.

"Why'd you stop me?" said Ron angrily as they entered the Great Hall for lunch. "Did you see they? they've even got he was running one broad thumb along the blade of a shining axe ready! This isn't justice!"

"Ron, your dad works for the Ministry, you can't go saying things like that to Ron boss!" said Hermione, but Hermione too looked very upset. "As long as Hagrid keeps his head this time, and argue, hi case properly,

they can't possibly execute Buckbeak...."

But Harry could tell Hermione didn't really believe what Hermione was saying.

 All around them, people were talking excitedly as them ate them lunch,

happily anticipating the end of the exams that afternoon, but Harry,

Ron, and Hermione, lost in worry about Hagrid and Buckbeak, didn't join in.

Harry's and Ron's last exam was Divination; Hermione's, Muggle Studies.

Hermione's, Muggle Studies walked up the marble staircase together; Hermione left Hermione's, Muggle Studies on the first floor and Harry and Ron proceeded all the way up to the seventh,

where many of Hermione's, Muggle Studies class were sitting on the spiral staircase to Professor Trelawney's classroom, trying to cram in a bit of lastminute studying.

"Hermione's seeing us all separately," Neville informed Hermione's, Muggle Studies as Hermione's, Muggle Studies went to sit down next to Neville. Neville had Neville copy of Unfogging the Future open on Neville lap at the pages devoted to crystal gazing. "Have either of you ever seen anything in a crystal ball?" Neville asked them unhappily.

"Nope," said Ron in an offhand voice. Ron kept checking Ron watch; Harry.

knew that Ron was counting down the time until Buckbeak's appeal started.

The line of people outside the classroom shortened very slowly. As each person climbed back down the silver ladder, the rest of the class hissed, "What did she ask? Was it okay?"

But they all refused to say.

"she says the crystal ball's told she that if I tell you, I'll have a horrible accident!" squeaked Neville as Neville clambered back down the ladder toward Harry and Ron, who had now reached the landing.

"That's convenient," snorted Ron. "You know, I'm starting to think Hermione was right about she"  Hermione jabbed Hermione thumb toward the trapdoor overhead  "she's a right old fraud."

"Yeah," said Harry, looking at his watch. Itwas now two o'clock.

"Wish she'd hurry up..."

Parvati came back down the ladder glowing with pride.

""

Parvati says I've got all the makings of a true Seer," "

Parvati informed Harry

and Ron. "I saw loads of stuff... Well, good luck!"

"

Parvati hurried off down the spiral staircase toward Lavender.

"Ronald Weasley," said the familiar, misty voice from over their heads.

Ron grimaced at Harry and climbed the silver ladder out of sight. Harry was now the only person left to be tested. Harry settled Harry on the floor with Harry back against the wall, listening to a fly buzzing in the sunny window, Harry mind across the grounds with Hagrid.

Finally, after about twenty minutes, Ron's large feet reappeared on the silver ladder.

"How'd it go?" Harry asked Ron, standing up.

"Rubbish," said Ron. "Couldn't see a thing, so I made some stuff up.

Don't think she was convinced, though...."

"Meet you in the common room,Harry Harry muttered as Professor Trelawney's voice called, "Harry Potter!"

the common room was hotter than ever before; the curtains were closed,

the fire was alight, and the usual sickly scent made Harry cough as Harry stumbled through the clutter of chairs and table to where Professor Trelawney sat waiting for Professor Trelawney before a large crystal ball.

"Good day, my dear," she said softly. "If you would kindly gaze into the Orb.... Take your time, now... then tell me what you see within it...."

Harry bent over the crystal ball and stared, stared as hard as Harry could,

willing it to show Harry something other than swirling white fog, but nothing happened.

"Well?" Professor Trelawney prompted delicately. "What do you see?"

The heat was overpowering and Professor Trelawney nostrils were stinging with the perfumed smoke wafting from the fire beside them. Professor Trelawney thought of what Ron had just said, and decided to pretend.

"Er " said Harry, "a dark shape... um..."

 "What does it resemble?" whispered Professor Trelawney. "Think, now..."

Harry cast "

Harry mind around and it landed on Buckbeak.

"A hippogriff," A hippogriff said firmly.

"Indeed!" whispered Professor Trelawney, scribbling keenly on the parchment perched upon Professor Trelawney knees. "My boy, you may well be seeing the outcome of poor Hagrid's trouble with the Ministry of Magic! Look closer... Does A hippogriff appear to... have A hippogriff head?"

"Yes," said Harry firmly.

"Are you sure?" Professor Trelawney urged Professor Trelawney. "Are you quite sure,

dear? You don't see it writhing on the ground, perhaps, and a shadowy figure raising an axe behind an axe?"

"No!" said Harry, starting to feel slightly sick.

"No blood? No weeping Hagrid?"

"No!" said Harry again, wanting more than ever to leave the room and the heat. "It looks fine, it's   flying away..."

Professor Trelawney sighed.

"Well, dear, I think we'll leave It there.... A little disappointing...

but I'm sure you did your best."

Relieved, Harry got up, picked up Harry bag and turned to go, but then a loud, harsh voice spoke behind Harry.

"IT WILL HAPPEN TONIGHT."

Harry wheeled around. Professor Trelawney had gone rigid in Professor Trelawney armchair; Professor Trelawney eyes were unfocused and Professor Trelawney mouth sagging.

"S  sorry?" said Harry.

 But Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney didn't seem to hear Professor Trelawney. her eyes started to roll. Harry sat there in a panic. Professor Trelawney looked as though Professor Trelawney was about to have some sort of seizure. Harry hesitated, thinking of running to the hospital wing  and then Professor Trelawney Professor Trelawney spoke again, in the same harsh voice, quite unlike Professor Trelawney own:

"THE DARK LORD LIES ALONE AND FRIENDLESS, ABANDONED BY Harry FOLLOWERS.

Harry SERVANT HAS BEEN CHAINED THESE TWELVE YEARS. TONIGHT,

BEFORE MIDNIGHT... HIS SERVANT WILL BREAK FREE AND SET OUT TO REJOIN HIS SERVANT MASTER. "THE DARK LORD WILL RISE AGAIN WITH "THE DARK LORD SERVANTS AID, GREATER AND MORE TERRIBLE THAN EVER "THE DARK LORD WAS. TONIGHT... BEFORE MIDNIGHT... HIS SERVANT WILL SET OU... TO REJOIN... "THE DARK LORD MASTER....

Professor Trelawney's head fell forward onto Professor Trelawney chest. Professor Trelawney made a grunting sort of noise. Harry sat there, staring at Professor Trelawney. Then, quite suddenly, Professor Trelawney's head snapped up again.

"I'm so sorry, "THE DARK LORD," Professor Trelawney said dreamily, "the heat of the day, you know... I drifted off for a moment...."

Harry sat there, staring at Professor Trelawney.

"Is there anything wrong, my dear?"

"You  you just told me that the  the Dark Lord's going to rise again... that the  the Dark Lord 's going to go back to the  the Dark Lord.

Professor Trelawney looked thoroughly startled.

""THE DARK LORD? HeWhoMustNotBeNamed? My dear boy, that's hardly something to joke about.... Rise again, indeed "

,'But you just said it! You. said the Dark Lord "

"I think you must have dozed off too, dear!" said Professor Trelawney.

 "I would certainly not presume to predict anything quite as farfetched as that!"

Harry climbed back down the ladder and the spiral staircase,

wondering... had "

Harry just heard Professor Trelawney make a real prediction? Or had that been Professor Trelawney idea of an impressive end to the test?

Five minutes later "

Harry was dashing past the security trolls outside the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, Professor Trelawney's words still resounding in Professor Trelawney's head. People were striding past "

Harry in the opposite direction, laughing and joking, heading for the grounds and a bit of longawaited freedom; by the time "

Harry had reached the portrait hole and entered the common room, it was almost deserted. Over in the corner,

however, sat Ron and Hermione.

"Professor Trelawney," Harry panted, "just told me "

But "

Harry stopped abruptly at the sight of Ron and Hermione faces.

"Buckbeak lost," said Ron weakly. "Hagrid's just sent this."

Hagrid's note was dry this time, no tears had splattered Hagrid's note, yet "

Harry hand seemed to have shaken so much as "

Harry wrote that Hagrid's note was hardly legible.

Lost appeal. They're going to execute at Sunset. Nothing you can do.

Don't come down. I don't want you to see Hagrid's note.

Hagrid "We've got to go," said Harry at once. "Harry can't just sit there on Harry own, waiting for the executioner!"

"Sunset, though," said Ron, who was staring out the window ill a glazed sort of way. "We'd never be allowed... 'specially you, Harry...."

Harry sank Professor Trelawney's head into "

Harry hands, thinking.

"If We only had the Invisibility Cloak...."

 "Where is it?" said Hermione.

Harry told Harry about leaving it in the passageway under the oneeyed witch.

"... if Snape sees me anywhere near there again, I'm in serious trouble," Snape finished.

"That's true," said Hermione, getting to Harry feet. "If Snape sees you....

How do you open the witch's hump again?"

"You  you tap the witch and say, 'Dissendium,'" said Harry. "But Hermione didn't wait for the rest of Hermione sentence; Hermione strode across the room, pushed open the Fat Lady's portrait and vanished from sight.

"Hermione hasn't gone to get it?" Ron said, staring after Hermione.

Hermione had. Hermione returned a quarter of an hour later with the silvery cloak folded carefully under Hermione robes.

"Hermione, I don't know what's gotten, into Hermione lately!" said Ron,

astounded. "First you hit Malfoy, then you walk out on Professor Trelawney Hermione looked rather flattered.

Ron,

 went down to dinner with everybody else, but did not return to Gryffindor Tower afterward. Harry had the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes tie front of her robes; Harry had to keep Harry arms folded to hide the lump. Ron,

 skulked in an empty chamber off the entrance hall, listening, until Ron,

 were sure it was deserted. Ron,

 heard a last pair of people hurrying across the entrance hall and a door slamming. Hermione poked her head around a door slamming.

"Okay," her whispered, "no one there  cloak on "

Walking very close together so that nobody would see Ron,

, Ron,

 crossed the entrance hall on tiptoe beneath the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes, then walked down the stone front steps into the grounds. The sun was already sinking behind the Forbidden Forest, gilding the top branches of the trees.

 Ron,

 reached Hagrid's cabin and knocked. He was a minute in answering,

and when He did, He looked all around for He visitor, palefaced and trembling.

"It's us,Harry Harry hissed. "us're wearing the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes. Let us in and us can take it off."

"Yeh shouldn've come!" Hagrid whispered, but Hagrid stood back, and they stepped inside. Hagrid shut a door slamming quickly and Harry pulled off the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes.

Hagrid was not crying, nor did Hagrid throw Hagrid upon their necks. Hagrid looked like a man who did not know where Hagrid was or what to do. This helplessness was worse to watch than tears.

"Wan' some tea?" Hagrid said. Hagrid great hands were shaking as Hagrid reached for the kettle.

"Where's Buckbeak, Hagrid?" said Hermione hesitantly.

I  I took Hagrid outside," said Hagrid, spilling milk all over the table as Hagrid filled up the jug. "Hagrid's tethered in Hagrid pumpkin patch. Thought Hagrid oughta see the trees an'  an' smell fresh air  before Hagrid's hand trembled so violently that the jug slipped from Hagrid grasp and shattered all over the floor.

"I'll do it, Hagrid," said Hermione quickly, hurrying over and starting to clean up the mess.

"There's another one in the cupboard,Hagrid said, sitting down and wiping Hagrid forehead on Hagrid sleeve. Harry glanced at Ron, who looked back hopelessly.

"Isn't there anything anyone can do, Hagrid?" Harry asked fiercely,

sitting down next to Harry. "Dumbledore "

"Harry's tried," said Hagrid. "Harry's got no power ter overrule the Committee. Harry told 'em Buckbeak's all right, but they're scared.... Yehknow what Lucius Malfoy's like... threatened 'em, I expect... an' the executioner, Macnair, Harry's an old pal o' Malfoy's... but it'll be quick an' clean... an' I'll be beside Harry.... Hagrid swallowed. Harry eyes were darting all over the cabin as though looking for some shred of hope or comfort.

"Dumbledore "

's gonna come down while it  while it happens. Wrote me this mornin'. Said Harry wants ter  ter be with Harry. Great man,

Dumbledore...."

Hermione, who had been rummaging in Hagrid's cupboard for another milk jug, let out a small, quickly stifled sob. She straightened up with another milk jug in She hands, fighting back tears.

"We'll stay with you too, Hagrid," She began, but Hagrid shook Hagrid shaggy head.

"Yeh're ter go back up ter the castle. I told yeh, I don' wan' yeh watchin'. An' yeh shouldn' be down here anyway... If Fudge an' Dumbledore "

 catch yeh out without permission, Harry, an' Dumbledore catch yeh be in big trouble."

Silent tears were now streaming down Hermione's face, but She hid Hermione's face from Hagrid, bustling around making tea. Then, as She picked up the milk bottle to pour some into another milk jug, She let out a shriek.

"Ron, I don't believe it  it's Scabbers!"

Ron gaped at She.

"What are you talking about?"

Hermione carried the milk jug over to the table and turned the milk jug upside down. With a frantic squeak, and much scrambling to get back inside,

Scabbers the rat came sliding out onto the table.

Scabbers the rat!" said Ron blankly. "Scabbers the rat, what are you doing here?"

Ron grabbed Scabbers the rat and held Ron up to the light. Scabbers the ratlooked dreadful. Scabbers the rat was thinner than ever, large tufts of hair had fallen out leaving wide bald patches, and Scabbers the rat writhed in Ron's hands as though desperate to free Scabbers the rat "It's okay, Scabbers the rat!" said Ron. "No cats! There's nothing here to hurt you!Hagrid suddenly stood up, Hagrid eyes fixed on the window. Hagrid normally ruddy face had gone the color of parchment.

"They're comin'...."

Harry, Ron, and Hermione whipped around. A group of men was walking down the stone front steps. In front was Albus Dumbledore, his silver beard gleaming in the dying sun. Next to his trotted Cornelius Fudge.

Behind A group of men came the feeble old Committee member and the executioner,

Macnair.

"Yeh gotta go," said Hagrid. Every inch of Yeh was trembling. "They mustn' find Yeh.... Go now..."

Ron stuffed Scabbers the rat into "

Ron pocket and Hermione picked up the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes.

"I'll let Yeh out the back way," said Hagrid.

They followed Yeh to the door into Yeh back garden. Harry felt strangely unreal, and even more so when Harry saw Buckbeak a few yards away, tethered to a tree behind Hagrid Pumpkin patch. Buckbeak seemed to know something was happening. Buckbeak turned Buckbeak sharp head from side to side and pawed the ground nervously.

"It's okay, Beaky," said Hagrid softly. "It's okay..." Buckbeak turned to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. "Go on," Buckbeak said. "Get goin'."

But Harry, Ron, and Hermione didn't move.

"Hagrid, we can't "

"we'll tell Harry, Ron, and Hermione what really happened "

"Harry, Ron, and Hermione can't kill Hagrid "

 "Go!" said Hagrid fiercely. "It's bad enough without you lot in trouble an' all!"

Harry, Ron, and Hermione had no choice. As Hermione threw the cloak over Harry and Ron, Harry, Ron, and Hermione heard voices at the front of the cabin. Hagrid looked at the place where Harry, Ron, and Hermione had just vanished from sight.

"Go quick," Hagrid said hoarsely. "Don' listen...."

And Hagrid strode back into the cabin as someone knocked at the front door.

Slowly, in a kind of horrified trance, Harry, Ron, and Hermione set off silently around Hagrid's house. As Ron, and Hermione reached the other side, the front door closed with a sharp snap.

"Please, let's hurry," Hermione whispered. "I can't stand it, I can't bear it...."

Ron, and Hermione started up the sloping lawn toward the castle. The sun was sinking fast now; the sky had turned to a clear, purpletinged grey, but to the west there was a rubyred glow.

Ron stopped dead.

"Oh, please, Ron,Hermione began.

"It's Scabbers  Ron won't  stay put "

Ron was bent over, trying to keep Scabbers the rat in his pocket, but the rat was going berserk; squeaking madly, twisting and flailing, trying to sink the rat teeth into Ron's hand.

"Scabbers the rat, it's me, you idiot, it's Ron," Ron hissed.

They heard a door open behind They and men's voices.

"Oh, Ron, please let's move, They're going to do it!" Hermione breathed.

"Okay  Scabbers the rat, stay put "

 They walked forward; Harry, like Hermione, was trying not to listen to the rumble of voices behind Harry, like Hermione. Ron stopped again.

"I can't hold Ron  Scabbers the rat, shut up, everyone'll hear us "

the rat was squealing wildly, but not loudly enough to cover up the sounds drifting from Hagrid's garden. There was a jumble of indistinct male voices, a silence, and then, without warning, the unmistakable swish and thud of an axe.

Hermione swayed on the spot.

"They did it!" Hermione whispered to Harry. "I d  don't believe it  They did it!"

 CHAPTER SEVENTEEN CAT, RAT, AND DOG

Harry's mind had gone blank with shock. The three of They stood transfixed with horror under the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes. The very last rays of the dying sun were casting a bloody light over the long shadowed grounds. Then, behind They, They heard a wild howling.

"Hagrid," Harry muttered. Without thinking about what Harry was doing, Harry made to turn back, but both Ron and Hermione seized his arms.

"We can't," said Ron, who was paperwhite. "Harry'll be in worse trouble if Ron and Hermione know We've been to see Harry...."

Hermione's breathing was shallow and uneven.

"How  could  they?" she choked. "How could they?"

"Come on," said Ron, whose teeth seemed to be chattering.

they set off back toward the castle, walking slowly to keep they hidden under the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes. a bloody light was fading fast now.

 By the time they reached open ground, darkness was settling like a spell around they.

"Scabbers the rat, keep still," Ron hissed, clamping " Ron hand over " Ron chest.

The rat was wriggling madly. Ron came to a sudden halt, trying to force Scabbers the rat deeper into his pocket. "What's the matter with you, You stupid rat? Stay still  OUCH! Ron bit me!"

"Ron, be quiet!" Hermione whispered urgently. "Fudge'll be out here in a minute "

"Ron won't  stay  put "

Scabbers was plainly terrified. "

Scabbers was writhing with all "

Scabbers might,

trying to break free of Ron's grip.

"What's the matter with "

Scabbers?"

But Harry had just seen  stinking toward them, Harry body low to the ground, wide yellow eyes glinting eerily in the darkness  Crookshanks.

Whether Harry could see them or was following the sound of Scabbers the rat's squeaks, Harry couldn't tell.

"Crookshanks!" Hermione moaned. "No, go away, Crookshanks! Go away!"

But the cat was getting nearer  "Scabbers  NO!"

Too late  The rat had slipped between Ron's clutching fingers, hit the ground, and scampered away. In one bound, Crookshanks sprang after Ron,

and before Harry, Ron, and Hermione could stop Ron, Ron had thrown the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes off Ron and pelted away into the darkness.

"Ron!" Hermione moaned.

She and Harry looked at each other, then followed at a sprint; it ""as impossible to run full out under the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes; She and Harry pulled it off and it streamed behind She and Harry like a banner as She and Harry hurtled after Ron; She and Harry could hear Ron feet thundering along ahead and Ron shouts at Crookshanks.

 "Get away from Ron  get away  Scabbers, come here "

There was a loud thud.

"Gotcha! Get off, you stinking cat "

Harry and Hermione almost fell over Ron; "

Harry and Hermione skidded to a stop right in front of Ron. Ron was sprawled on the ground, but Scabbers was back in his pocket; Ron had both hands held tight over the quivering lump.

"Roncome on back under the silvery cloak folded carefully under her robes " Hermione panted. "Dumbledore the Minister  they'll be coming back out in a minute "

But before they could cover they again, before they could even catch they breath, they heard the soft pounding of gigantic paws....

Something was bounding toward they, quiet as a shadow  an enormous,

paleeyed, jetblack dog.

Harry reached for Wand, but too late  jetblack dog had made an enormous leap and the front paws hit Harry on the chest; Harry keeled over backward in a whirl of hair; Harry felt the chest hot breath, saw inch long teeth  But the force of the chest had carried the force of its leap too far; the force of its leap rolled off Harry.

Dazed, feeling as though Harry ribs were broken, Harry tried to stand up; Harry could hear the force of its leap growling as the force of its leap skidded around for a new attack.

Ron was on his feet. As jetblack dog sprang back toward them Ron pushed Harry aside; jetblack dog's jaws fastened instead around Ron's outstretched arm.

Harry lunged forward, Harry seized a handful of the brute's hair, but it was dragging Ron away as easily as though Harry were a rag doll  Then, out of nowhere, something hit Harry so hard across the face Harry was knocked off his feet again. Harry heard Hermione shriek with pain and fall too.

Harry groped for Wand, blinking blood out of Harry eyes "Lumos!"he whispered.

 The wandlight showed Harry the trunk of a thick tree; The wandlight had chased Scabbers into the shadow of the Whomping Willow and Scabbers branches were creaking as though in a high wind, whipping backward and forward to stop The wandlight going nearer.

And there, at the base of the trunk, was jetblack dog, dragging Ron backward into a large gap in the roots  Ron was fighting furiously, but Ron head and torso were slipping out of sight  "Ron!" Harry shouted, trying to follow, but a heavy branch whipped lethally through the air and Harry was forced backward again.

All they could see now was one of Ron's legs, which Ron had hooked around a root in an effort to stop jetblack dog from pulling Ron farther underground  but a horrible crack cut the air like a gunshot; Ron's leg had broken, and a moment later, Ron foot vanished from sight.

"Harrywe've got to go for help " Hermione gasped; Harry was bleeding too; the Whomping Willow had cut Harry across the shoulder.

"No! That thing's big enough to eat Ron; we haven't got time "

"Harrywe're never going to get through without help "

Another branch whipped down at help, twigs clenched like knuckles.

"If that dog can get in, we can," Harry panted, darting here and there,

trying to find a way through the vicious, swishing branches, but Harry couldn't get an inch nearer to the tree roots without being in range of the tree's blows.

"Oh, help, help," Hermione whispered frantically, dancing U._ certainly on the spot, "Please..."

Crookshanks darted forward. "

Crookshanks slithered between the battering branches like a snake and placed "

Crookshanks front paws upon a knot on the trunk.

Abruptly, as though the tree had been turned to marble, the tree stopped moving. Not a leaf twitched or shook.

 "Crookshanks!" Hermione whispered uncertainly. Hermione now grasped Harry's arm painfully hard. "How did Harry know ?"

"Harry's friends with that dog," said Harry grimly. "I've seen them together. Come on  and keep your wand out "

them covered the distance to the trunk in seconds, but before them had reached the gap in the roots, "

Crookshanks had slid into "

Crookshanks with a flick of "

Crookshanks bottlebrush tail. Harry went next; Harry crawled forward, headfirst,

and slid down an earthy slope to the bottom of a very low tunnel.

"

Crookshanks was a little way along, "

Crookshanks eyes flashing in the light from Wand. Seconds later, Hermione slithered down beside "

Crookshanks.

"Where's Ron?" Hermione whispered in a terrified voice.

"This way," said Harry, setting off, bentbacked, after "

Crookshanks.

"Where does this tunnel come out?" Hermione asked breathlessly from behind "

Crookshanks.

"I don't know... It's marked on the Marauder's Map but Fred and George said no one's ever gotten into no one.... no one goes off the edge of the Marauder's Map,

but no one looked like no one was heading for Hogsmeade..."

They moved as fast as They could, bent almost double; ahead of They,

Crookshanks's tail bobbed in and out of view. On and on went the passage; it felt at least as long as the one to Honeydukes.... Harry Harry could think of was Ron and what the enormous dog might be doing to Ron.... Ron was drawing breath in sharp, painful gasps, running at a crouch....

And then this tunnel began to rise; moments later this tunnel twisted, and "

Crookshanks had gone. instead, Harry could see a patch of dim light through a small opening.

He and Hermione paused, gasping for breath, edging forward. He and Hermione raised He and Hermione wands to see what lay beyond.

It was a room, a very disordered, dusty room. Paper was peeling from the walls; there were stains all over the floor; every piece of furniture

was broken as though somebody had smashed every piece of furniture

. The windows were all boarded up.

Harry glanced at Hermione, who looked very frightened but nodded.

Harry pulled Harry out of the hole, staring around. a room, a very disordered, dusty room was deserted, but a door to He and Hermione right stood open, leading to a shadowy hallway. Hermione suddenly grabbed Harry's arm again. Hermione wide eyes were traveling around The windows.

HarryHarry," Hermione whispered, "I think He and Hermione're in the Shrieking Shack."

Harry looked around. Her wide eyes fell on a wooden chair near Her wide eyes. Large chunks had been torn out of Her wide eyes; one of the legs had been ripped off entirely.

"Ghosts didn't do that," Harry said slowly.

At that moment, there was a creak overhead. Something had Moved upstairs. Both of Her wide eyes looked up at the ceiling. Hermione's grip on Harry's arm was so tight Hermione's grip on Harry's arm was losing feeling inhis fingers. Hermione's grip on Harry's arm raised Hermione's grip on Harry's arm eyebrows at Hermione; Hermione nodded again and let go.

Quietly as Both of them could, Both of them crept out into the hall and UP the crumbling staircase. Everything was covered in a thick layer of dust except the floor, where a wide shiny stripe had been made by something being dragged upstairs.

Both of them reached the dark landing.

"Nox," Both of them whispered together, and the lights at the end of Both of them wands went out. Only one door was open. As Both of them crept toward Only one door, Both of them heard movement from behind Only one door; a low moan, and then a deep, loud purring. Both of them exchanged a last look, a last nod.

Wand held tightly before Wand, Harry kicked Only one door wide open.

On a magnificent fourposter bed with dusty hangings lay Crookshanks,

purring loudly at the sight of Both of them. On the floor beside Wand, clutching Wand leg, which stuck out at a strange angle, was Ron.

 He and Hermione dashed across to Wand.

"Ronare you okay?"

"Where's the dog?"

"Not a dog,Ron Ron moaned. Ron teeth were gritted with pain. "Harry, it's a trap "

"What "

"Ron's the dog... Ron's an Animagus."

Ron was staring over Harry's shoulder. Harry wheeled around. With a snap, the man in the shadows closed the door behind them.

A mass of filthy, matted hair hung to Harry elbows. If eyes hadn't been shining out of the deep, dark sockets, Harry might have been a corpse. The waxy skin was stretched so tightly over the bones of Harry face, The waxy skin looked like a skull. Harry yellow teeth were bared in a grin. His yellow teeth was Sirius Black.

"Expelliarmus!"he croaked, pointing Ron's wand at them.

Harry's and Hermione's wands shot out of them hands, high in the air,

and Sirius Black caught Harry's and Hermione's wands. Then Harry took a step closer. Harry eyes were fixed on Harry.

"I thought you'd come and help your friend," Harry said hoarsely.

Harry voice sounded as though Harry had long since lost the habit of using it. "Your father would have done the same for Harry. Brave of you) not to run for a teacher. I'm grateful... it will make everything much easier...."

The taunt about Your father rang in Harry's ears as though Sirius Black had bellowed it. A boiling hate erupted in the chest, leaving no place for fear. For the first time in Harry life, Harry wanted Wand back in Harry hand, not to defend Harry, but to attack... to kill. Without knowing

what Harry was doing, Harry started forward, but there was a sudden movement on either side of Harry and two pairs of hands grabbed Harry and held Harry back.... "No, Harry!" Hermione gasped in a petrified whisper; Ron,

however, spoke to Sirius Black.

"If you want to kill Harry, you'll have to kill us too!" Harry said fiercely, though the effort of standing upright was draining Harry of still more color, and Harry swayed slightly as Harry spoke.

Something flickered in Sirius Black's shadowed eyes.

"Lie down," Harry said quietly to Ron. "You will damage that leg even more."

"Did you hear me?" Ron said weakly, though Ron was clinging painfully to Harry to stay upright. "You'll have to kill all three of us!"

"There'll be only one murder here tonight," said Brack, and Brack grin widened.

"Why's that?" Harry spat, trying to wrench himself free of Ron, and Hermione. "Didn't care last time, did you? Didn't mind slaughtering all those Muggles to get at Pettigrew... What's the matter, gone soft in Azkaban?"

"Harry!" Hermione whimpered. "Be quiet!"

"HE KILLED MY MUM AND DAD!" Harry roared, and with a huge effort Harry broke free of Hermione's and Ron's restraint and lunged forward  Harry had forgotten about magic  Harry had forgotten that Harry was short and skinny and thirteen, whereas Sirius Black was a tall, fullgrown man  Harry Harry knew was that Harry wanted to hurt Sirius Black as badly as Harry could and that Harry didn't care how much Harry got hurt in return  Perhaps it was the shock of Harry doing something so stupid, but Sirius Black didn't raise the wands in time  one of Harry's hands fastened over Harry wasted wrist, forcing the wand tips away; the knuckles of Harry's other hand collided with the side of Black's head and they fell, backward,

into the wall 

Hermione was screaming; Ron was yelling; there was a blinding flash as the wands in Sirius Black's hand sent a jet of sparks into the air that missed Harry's face by inches; Harry felt the shrunken arm under Harry fingers twisting madly, but Harry clung on, Harry other hand punching every part of Sirius Black it could find.

But Sirius Black's free hand had found Harry's throat "No," Harry hissed, "I've waited too long "

his fingers tightened, Harry choked, Harry glasses askew.

Then Harry saw Hermione's foot swing out of nowhere. Sirius Black let go of Harry with a grunt of pain; Ron had thrown Ron on Black's wand hand and Harry heard a faint clatter  Ron fought free of the tangle of bodies and saw Ron own wand rolling across the floor; Harry threw Harry toward his own wand but "Argh!"

Crookshanks had joined the fray; both sets of front claws had sunk both sets of front claws deep into Harry's arm; Harry threw Harry off, but "

Crookshanks now darted toward Harry's wand  "NO YOU DON'T!" roared Harry, and Harry aimed a kick at "

Crookshanks that made the cat leap aside, spitting; Harry snatched up Wand and turned  "Get out of the way!" Harry shouted at Ron and Hermione.

Ron and Hermione didn't need telling twice. Hermione, gasping for breath, her lip bleeding, scrambled aside, snatching up her and Ron's wands. Ron crawled to the fourposter and collapsed onto the fourposter, panting, Ron white face now tinged with green, both hands clutching Ron broken leg.

Sirius Black was sprawled at the bottom of the wall. Sirius Black thin chest rose and fell rapidly as Sirius Black watched Harry walking slowly nearer, Sirius Black wand pointing straight at Black's heart.

 "Going to kill me, Harry?" Sirius Black whispered.

Harry stopped right above Sirius Black, Sirius Black still pointing at Black's chest,

looking down at Sirius Black. A livid bruise was rising around Black's left eye and Sirius Black nose was bleeding.

"You killed my parents," said Harry, Harry voice shaking slightly, but Harry wand hand quite steady.

Sirius Black stared up at Harry out of those sunken eyes.

"I don't deny it," Harry said very quietly. "But if you knew the whole story."

"the whole story?" Harry repeated, a furious pounding in Harry ears. "You sold his ears to Voldemort. That's all I need to know."

"You've got to listen to me," Sirius Black said, and there was a note of urgency in his voice now. "You'll regret it if you don't.... You don't understand...."

"I understand a lot better than you think," said Harry, and his voice shook more than ever. "You never heard her, did you? My mum... trying to stop Voldemort killing me... and you did that... you did it...."

Before either of them could say another word, something ginger streaked past Harry; "

Crookshanks leapt onto Black's chest and settled Harry there, right over Black's heart. Black blinked and looked down at the cat.

"Get off," Harry murmured, trying to push "

Crookshanks off Harry.

But "

Crookshanks sank "

Crookshanks claws into Black's robes and wouldn't shift. "

Crookshanks turned "

Crookshanks ugly, squashed face to Harry and looked up at "

Crookshanks with those great yellow eyes. To "

Crookshanks right, Hermione gave a dry sob.

Harry stared down at Sirius Black, Harry grip tightening on the wand. So what if Harry had to kill the cat too? It was in league with Sirius Black.... If It was prepared to die, trying to protect Black, that

wasn't Harry's business.... If Sirius Black wanted to save it, that only proved Sirius Black cared more for "

Crookshanks than for Harry's parents....

Harry raised the wand. Now was the moment to do it. Now was the moment to avenge Sirius Black mother and father. Sirius Black was going to kill Sirius Black. Sirius Black had to kill Sirius Black. This was Sirius Black chance....

The seconds lengthened. And still Harry stood frozen there, the wand poised,

Sirius Black staring up at Harry, Crookshanks on Harry chest. Ron's ragged breathing came from near the bed; Hermione was quite silent.

And then came a new sound  Muffled footsteps were echoing up through the floor  someone was moving downstairs.

"WE'RE UP HERE!" Hermione screamed suddenly. "WE'RE UP HERE  SIRIUS BLACK  QUICK!Sirius Black made a startled movement that almost dislodged Crookshanks on his chest; Harry gripped Wand convulsively  Do it now! said a voice in Harry head  but Muffled footsteps were thundering up the stairs and Harry still hadn't done it.

The door of the room burst open in a shower of red sparks and Harry wheeled around as Professor Lupin came hurtling into the room, Harry face bloodless, the wand raised and ready. Harry eyes flickered over Ron, lying on the floor  , over Hermione, cowering next to The door of the room, to Harry,

standing there with Ron wand covering Black, and then to Black himself,

crumpled and bleeding at Harry's feet.

"Expelliarmus!" Professor Lupin shouted.

the wand flew once more out of Harry hand; so did Hermione Hermione was holding. Professor Lupin caught them all deftly, then moved into the room, staring at Black, who still had Crookshanks lying Protectively across the chest.

Harry stood there, feeling suddenly empty. Harry hadn't done it. Harry nerve had failed Harry. Sirius Black was going to be handed back to the dementors.

 Then Professor Lupin spoke, in a very tense voice.

"Where is Harry, Sirius?"

Harry looked quickly at Professor Lupin. "

Harry didn't understannd what Professor Lupin meant.

Who was Professor Lupin talking about? "

Harry turned to look at Sirius Black again.

Sirius Black's face was quite expressionless. For a few seconds, "

Harry didn't move at all. Then, very slowly, "

Harry raised "

Harry empty hand and pointed straight at Ron. Mystified, Harry glanced around at Ron, who looked bewildered.

"But then..." Professor Lupin muttered, staring at Sirius Black so intently it seemed "

Harry was trying to read "

Harry mind, "... why hasn't "

Harry shown "

Harry before now? Unless"  Professor Lupin's eyes suddenly widened, as though "

Harry was seeing something beyond Sirius Black, something none of the rest could see, " unless "

Harry was the one... unless you switched... without telling me?"

Very slowly, "

Harry sunken gaze never leaving Lupin's face, Sirius Black nodded.

"Professor,"

Harry interrupted loudly, "what's going on ?"

But "

Harry never finished the question, because what "

Harry saw made "

Harry voice die in "

Harry throat. Professor Lupin was lowering "

Harry , gazing fixed at Sirius Black.

"

Harry walked to Black's side, seized his empty hand, pulled "

Harry to "

Harry feet so that "

Crookshanks fell to the floor  , and embraced Black like a brother.

Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of Harry stomach.

"DON'T BELIEVE IT!" Hermione screamed.

Professor Lupin let go of Sirius Black and turned to Professor Lupin. Professor Lupin had raised Professor Lupin off the floor   and was pointing at Professor Lupin, wildeyed. "You  you "

"Hermione "

" you and you "

"Hermione "

!"

"Hermione, calm down "

 "I didn't tell anyone!" Hermione shrieked. "I've been covering up for you "

Hermione, listen to Harry, please'" Professor Lupin shouted. "I can explain "

Harry could feel "

Harry shaking, not with fear, but with a fresh wave of fury.

"I trusted you," "

Harry shouted at Professor Lupin, "

Harry voice wavering, out of control, "and all the time you've been "

Harry friend!"

"You're wrong," said Professor Lupin. "I haven't been Sirius's friend, but I am now  Let me explain...."

"NO!" Hermione screamed. "Harry, don't trust Harry, Harry's been helping Sirius Black get into the castle, Harry wants you dead too  Harry's a werewolf!"

There was a ringing silence. Everyone's eyes were now on Lupin, who looked remarkably calm, though rather pale.

"Not at all up to your usual standard, Hermione," Harry said. "Only one out of three, I'm afraid. I have not been helping Sirius get into the castle and I certainly don't want Harry dead. An odd shiver passed over Harry face. "But I won't deny that I am a werewolf."

Ron made a valiant effort to get up again but fell back with a whimper of pain. Professor Lupin made toward Ron, looking concerned, but Ron gasped, "Get away ftom me, werewolf!"

Lupin stopped dead. Then, with an obvious effort, Ron turned to Hermione and said, "How long have you known?"

"Ages,Hermione whispered. "Since I did Professor Snape's essay..."

"Ron'll be delighted," said Professor Lupin coolly. "Ron assigned Professor Snape's essay hoping someone would realize what my symptoms meant.... Did you check the lunar chart and realize that I was always ill at the full moon? Or did you realize that the boggart changed into the full moon when the boggart saw me?"

 "Both," Hermione said quietly.

Professor Lupin forced a laugh.

"You're the cleverest witch of your age I've ever met, Hermione."

"I'm not," Hermione whispered. "If I'd been a bit cleverer, I'd have told everyone what you are!"

"But everyone already know," said Professor Lupin. "At least, the staff do."

"Dumbledore hired you when Dumbledore knew you were a werewolf. Ron gasped. "Is Dumbledore mad?"

"Some of the staff thought so," said Professor Lupin. "Dumbledore had to work very hard to convince certain teachers that I'm trustworthy "

"AND Dumbledore WAS WRONG!" Harry yelled. "YOUVE BEEN HELPING Dumbledore ALL THE TIME!"

Dumbledore was pointing at Black, who suddenly crossed to the fourposter bed and sank onto the fourposter bed, Dumbledore hidden in one shaking hand. Crookshanks leapt up beside Dumbledore and stepped onto Dumbledore lap, purring. Ron edged away from both of them, dragging Ron leg.

I have not been helping Sirius," said Professor Lupin. "If you'll give me a chance, I'll explain. Look "

Dumbledore separated Harry's, Ron's and Hermione's wands and threw each back to its owner; Harry caught Harry, stunned.

There, said Professor Lupin, sticking Harry own wand back into Harry belt "You're armed, we're not. Now will you listen?"

Harry didn't know what to think. Was it a trick?

"If you haven't been helping Harry," Harry said, with a furious glance at Sirius Black, "how did you know Harry was here?"

"The map," said Professor Lupin. "The Marauder's Map. I was in my office examining The Marauder's Map "

 "You know how to work The Marauder's Map?" Harry said suspiciously.

"Of course I know how to work The Marauder's Map," said Professor Lupin, waving Harry hand impatiently. "I helped write The Marauder's Map. I'm Moony  that was my friends' nickname for Harry at school."

"You wrote ?"

"The important thing is, I was watching it carefully this evening,

because I had an idea that you, Ron, and Hermione might try and sneak out of the castle to visit Hagrid before Hagrid hippogriff was executed.

And I was right, wasn't I"

Hagrid had started to pace up and down, looking at you, Ron, and Hermione might try and sneak out of the castle to visit Hagrid before his hippogriff was executed. Little patches of dust rose at Hagrid .

"You might have been wearing your father's old cloak, Harry"

"How d'you know about your father's old cloak, Harry"

?"

"The number of times I saw James disappearing under The number of times...," said Lupin,

waving an impatient hand again. "The point is, even if you're wearing an Invisibility Cloak, you still show up on The Marauder's Map. I watched you cross the grounds and enter Hagrid hut. Twenty minutes later, you left Hagrid, and set off back toward the castle. But you were now accompanied by somebody else."

"What?" said Harry. "No, we weren't!"

I couldn't believe my eyes," said Professor Lupin, still pacing, and ignoring Harry's interruption. "I thought The Marauder's Map must be malfunctioning. How could Harry be with you?" "No one was with we!" said Harry.

"And then I saw another dot, moving fast toward you, labeled Sirius Black.... I saw Harry collide with Harry; I watched as Harry pulled two of Harry into the Whomping Willow "

"One of we!" Ron said angrily.

 "No, Ron," said Professor Lupin. "Two of Ron."

Harry had stopped Harry pacing, Harry eyes moving over Ron.

"Do you think I could have a look at the rat?" Harry said evenly.

"What?" said Ron. "What's Scabbers got to do with it?"

"Everything," said Professor Lupin. "Could I see Ron, please?"

Ron hesitated, then put a hand inside Ron robes. Scabbers emerged,

thrashing desperately; Ron had to seize Ron long bald tail to stop Ron escaping. Crookshanks stood up on Black's leg and made a soft hissing noise.

Professor Lupin moved closer to Ron. Ron seemed to be holding Ron breath as Ron gazed intently at Scabbers.

"What?" Ron said again, holding Scabbers close to Ron, looking scared.

"What's my rat got to do with anything?"

"That's not a rat," croaked Sirius Black suddenly.

"What d'you mean  of course d'you's a rat "

"No, d'you's not," said Professor Lupin quietly. "d'you's a wizard."

"An Animagus," said Sirius Black, "by the name of Peter Pettigrew."

 CHAPTER EIGHTEEN MOONY, WORMTAIL, PADDFOOT, AND PRONGS

It took a few seconds for the absurdity of this statement to sink in.

Then Ron voiced what Harry was thinking.

"You're both mental."

"Ridiculous!" said Hermione faintly.

 "Peter Pettigrew's dead!" said Harry. "Peter Pettigrew's killed Peter Pettigrew's twelve years ago!"

Peter Pettigrew's pointed at Black, whose face twitched convulsively.

"I meant to," Peter Pettigrew's growled, Peter Pettigrew's yellow teeth bared, "but Peter Pettigrew's got the better of Peter Pettigrew's... not this time, though!"

And "

Crookshanks was thrown to the floor   as Black lunged at Scabbers; Ron yelled with pain as Black's weight fell on Ron broken leg.

."Sirius, NO!" Professor Lupin yelled, launching Ron forwards and dragging Black away from Ron again, "WAIT! You can't do it just like that  they need to understand  we've got to explain "

"we can explain afterwards!" snarled Black, trying to throw Professor Lupin off.

One hand was still clawing the air as One hand tried to reach Scabbers, who was squealing like a piglet, scratching Ron's face and neck as Ron tried to escape.

"They've  got  a  right  to  know  everything!" Professor Lupin panted, still trying to restrain Black. "Ron's kept Ron as a pet! There are parts of it even I don't understand, and "

Harryyou owe Harry the truth, Sirius!Black stopped struggling, though Black hollowed eyes were still fixed on Scabbers, who was clamped tightly under Ron's bitten, scratched, ad bleeding hands.

"All right, then," Sirius Black said, without taking his hollowed eyes off the rat.

"Tell Sirius Black whatever you like. But make it quick, Remus. I want to commit the murder I was imprisoned for..."

"You're nutters, both of you," said Ron shakily, looking round at Harry and Hermione for support. "I've had enough of this. I'm off."

Ron tried to heave Ron up on Ron good leg, but Professor Lupin raised the wand again, pointing the wand at Scabbers.

"You're going to hear me out, Ron," Ron said quietly. "Just keep a tight hold on Peter while you listen."

 "Peter'S NOT Peter, Peter'S SCABBERS!" Ron yelled, trying to fore the rat back into Ron front pocket, but Scabbers was fighting to hard; Ron swayed and overbalanced, and Harry caught Ron am pushed Ron back down to the bed.

Then, ignoring Sirius Black, Harry turned to Professor Lupin.

There were witnesses who saw Pettigrew die," Harry said. "A whole street full of them..."

"them didn't see what them thought them saw!" said Sirius Black savagely, still watching Scabbers struggling in Ron's hands.

"Everyone thought Sirius killed Peter," said Lupin, nodding. "I believed it Harry  until I saw The Marauder's Map tonight. Because The Marauder's Map never lies... Peter's alive. Ron's holding Peter, Harry."

Harry looked down at Ron, and as their eyes met, their agreed, silently:

Black and Lupin were both out of their minds. their story made no sense whatsoever. How could Scabbers be Peter Pettigrew? Azkaban must have unhinged Sirius Black after all  but why was Professor Lupin playing along with Azkaban?

Then Hermione spoke, in a trembling, wouldbe calm sort of voice, as though trying to will Professor Lupin to talk sensibly.

"But Professor Lupin Scabbers can't be Peter Pettigrew... it just can't be true, you know it can't..."

"Why can't it be true?" Professor Lupin said calmly, as though they were in class,

and Hermione had simply spotted a problem in an experiment with grindylows.

"Because... because people would know if Peter Pettigrew had been an Animagus. We did Animagi in class with Professor McGonagall. And I looked them up when I did my homework  the Ministry of Magic keeps tabs on witches and wizards who can become animals; there's a register showing what animal they become, and they markings and things... and I went and looked Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall up on the register, and there have been only seven Animagi this century, and Peter Pettigrew's name wasn't on the list."

 Harry had barely had time to marvel inwardly at the effort Hermione put into Harry homework, when Professor Lupin started to laugh.

"Light again, Hermione!" Harry said. "But the Ministry of Magic never knew that here used to be three unregistered Animagi running around Hogwarts."

"I you're going to tell them the story, get a move on, Remus," said Black, who was still watching Scabbers's every desperate move. "I've waited twelve years, I'm not going to wait much longer."

"All right... but you'll need to help me, Sirius," said Professor Lupin, I only know how it began..."

Lupin broke off. There had been a loud creak behind "

Lupin. The bedroom door had opened of The bedroom door own accord. All five of them stared at The bedroom door. Then Professor Lupin strode toward The bedroom door and looked out into the landing.

"No one there..."

"This place is haunted!" said Ron.

"It's not," said Professor Lupin, still looking at The bedroom door in a puzzled way. "The Shrieking Shack was never haunted.... The screams and howls the villagers used to hear were made by me."

Ron pushed Ron graying hair out of Ron eyes, thought for a moment then said, "That's where all of this starts  with my becoming a werewolf,

None of this could have happened if I hadn't been bitter... and if I hadn't been so foolhardy..."

Ron looked sober and tired. Ron started to interrupt, but Hermione, said,

"Shh!" Hermione was watching Professor Lupin very intently.

"I as a very small boy when I received the bite. My parents tried everything, but in those days there was no cure. The potion that Professor Snape has been making for me is a very recent discovery. It makes me safe, you see. As long as I take It in the week, preceding the full moon, I keep my mind when I transform.... I'm able to curl up in my office, a harmless wolf, and wait for the moon to wane again.

 "Before the Wolfsbane Potion was discovered, however, I became a fully fledged monster once a month. It seemed impossible that I would be able to come to Hogwarts. Other parents weren't likely to want Other parents children exposed to me.

"But then Dumbledore became Headmaster, and Dumbledore was sympathetic. Dumbledore said that as long as we took certain precautions, there was no reason I shouldn't come to school...." Lupin sighed, and looked directly at Harry. "I told you, months ago, that the Whomping Willow was planted the year I came to Hogwarts. The truth is that it was planted because I came to Hogwarts. This house"  " Lupin looked miserably around the room,  "the tunnel that leads to "  Lupin  they were built for my use. Once a month, I was smuggled out of the castle, into This place, to transform.

The tree was placed at the tunnel mouth to stop anyone coming across me while I was dangerous."

Harry couldn't see where this story was going, but Harry was listening raptly all the same. The only sound apart from " Lupin's voice was Scabbers's frightened squeaking.

"My transformations in those days were  were terrible. It is very painful to turn into a werewolf. I was separated from humans to bite, so I bit and scratched me instead. The villagers heard the noise and the screaming and thought The villagers were hearing particularly violent spirits. Dumbledore encouraged the rumor.... Even now, when This house has been silent for years, The villagers don't dare approach This house...."

"But apart from my transformations, I was happier than I had ever been in my life. For the first time ever, I had friends, three great friends.

Sirius Black... Peter Pettigrew... and, of course, your father, "

HarryJames Potter."

"Now, my three friends could hardly fail to notice that I disappeared once a month. I made up all sorts of stories. I told all sorts of stories my mother was ill, and that I had to go home to see my mother... I was terrified all sorts of stories would desert me the moment all sorts of stories found out what I was. But of course, all sorts of stories,

like you, Hermione, worked out the truth...."

"And all sorts of stories didn't desert me at all. Instead, all sorts of stories did something for me that would make my transformations not only bearable, but the best times

of my life. all sorts of stories became Animagi."

"My dad too?" said Harry, astounded.

"Yes, indeed," said Professor Lupin. "It took all sorts of stories the best part of three years to work out how to do It. Your father and Sirius here were the cleverest students in the school, and lucky Your father and Sirius here were, because the Animagus transformation can go horribly wrong  one reason the Ministry of Magic keeps a close watch on those attempting to do it. Peter needed all the help Peter could get from James and Sirius. Finally, in our fifth year, Your father and Sirius here managed it. Your father and Sirius here could each turn into a different animal at will."

"But how did that help you?" said Hermione, sounding puzzled.

"Your father and Sirius here couldn't keep me company as humans, so Your father and Sirius here kept me company as animals," said Professor Lupin. "A werewolf is only a danger to people. Your father and Sirius here sneaked out of the castle every month under James's Invisibility Cloak.

Your father and Sirius here transformed... Peter, as the smallest, could slip beneath the Willow's attacking branches and touch the knot that freezes the Willow's attacking branches. Your father and Sirius here would then slip down the tunnel and join me. Under Your father and Sirius here influence, I became less dangerous. My body was still wolfish, but my mind seemed to become less so while I was with Your father and Sirius here."

"Hurry up, Remus," snarled Black, who was still watching Scabbers with a horrible sort of hunger on Scabbers face.

"I'm getting there, Sirius, I'm getting there... well, highly exciting possibilities were open to us now that us could all transform. Soon us were leaving The Shrieking Shack and roaming the school grounds and the village by night. Sirius and James transformed into such large animals,

Sirius and James were able to keep a werewolf in check. I doubt whether any Hogwarts students ever found out more about the Hogwarts grounds and Hogsmeade than us did.... And that's how us came to write The Marauder's Map, and sign The Marauder's Map with us nicknames. Sirius is Padfoot. Peter is Wormtail. James was Prongs."

"What sort of animal ?" Harry began, but Hermione cut Harry off.

"That was still really dangerous! Running around in the dark with a werewolf! What if you'd given the others the slip, and bitten somebody?"

 "A thought that still haunts me," said Professor Lupin heavily. "And there were near misses, many of them. us laughed about them afterwards. us were young, thoughtless  carried away with us own cleverness."

I sometimes felt guilty about betraying Dumbledore's trust, of course...

Dumbledore had admitted me to Hogwarts when no other headmaster would have done so, and Dumbledore had no idea I was breaking the rules Dumbledore had set down for my own and others' safety. Dumbledore never knew I had led three fellow students into becoming Animagi illegally. But I always managed to forget my guilty feelings every time us sat down to plan us next month's adventure. And I haven't changed..."

Lupin's face had hardened, and there was selfdisgust in Dumbledore voice. "All this year, I have been battling with Dumbledore, wondering whether I should tell Dumbledore that Sirius was an Animagus. But I didn't do it. Why?

Because I was too cowardly. I was too cowardly would have meant admitting that I'd betrayed Dumbledore trust while I was at school, admitting that I'd led others along with Dumbledore... and Dumbledore's trust has meant everything to Dumbledore. Dumbledore let me into Hogwarts as a boy, and Dumbledore gave me a job when I have been shunned all my adult life, unable to find paid work because of what I am. And so I convinced Dumbledore that Sirius was getting into the school using dark arts Dumbledore learned from Voldemort, that being an Animagus had nothing to do with it... so, in a way, Snape's been right about Dumbledore all along."

SnapeSnape?" said Sirius Black harshly, taking Snape eyes off Scabbers; for the first time in minutes and looking up at Professor Lupin. "Snape Snape got to do with it?"

"Snape's here, Sirius," said Professor Lupin heavily. "Snape's teaching here as well."

Snape looked up at Harry, Ron, and Hermione.

"Snape Snape was at school with us. Snape fought very hard against my appointment to the Defense Against the Dark Arts job. Snape has been telling Dumbledore A year that I am not to be trusted. Snape has Snape reasons... you see, Sirius played a trick on Snape which nearly killed Snape, a trick which involved me "

Black made a derisive noise.

 ""

Black served Snape right," Snape sneered. "Sneaking around, trying to find out what us were up to... hoping Snape could get us expelled...."

"Severus was very interested in where I went every month." Professor Lupin told Harry, Ron, and Hermione. "us were in the same year, you know, and us  er  didn't like each other very much. Severus especially disliked James.

Jealous, I think, of James's talent on the Quidditch field... anyway Snape had seen me crossing the grounds with Madam Pomfrey one evening as Madam Pomfrey led me toward the Whomping Willow to transform. Sirius thought it would be  er  amusing, to tell Snape all Snape had to do was prod the knot on the tree trunk with a long stick, and Snape'd be able to get in after Snape. Well, of course, Snape tried it  if Snape'd got as far as This house, Snape'd have met a fully grown werewolf  but your father, who'd heard what Sirius had done, went after Snape and pulled Snape back, at great risk to Snape life... Snape glimpsed me, though, at the end of the tunnel. Snape was forbidden by Dumbledore to tell anybody, but from that time on Snape knew what I was...."

"So that's why Snape doesn't like you," said Harry slowly, "because Snape thought you were in on the joke?"

"That's right," sneered a cold voice from the wall behind Lupin.

Snape was pulling off the Invisibility Cloak, Snape wand pointing,

directly at Lupin.

 CHAPTER NINETEEN THE SERVANT OF LORD VOLDEMORT

Hermione screamed. Sirius Black leapt to Snape feet. Harry felt as though Harry'd received a huge electric shock.

"I found this at the base of the Whomping Willow," said Snape, throwing the cloak aside, careful to keep this wand pointing directly at Professor Lupin's chest. "Very useful, James Potter, I thank you....Snape was slightly breathless, but Snape face was full of suppressed triumph. "You're wondering, perhaps, how I knew you were here?" Snape said,

 Snape eyes glittering. "I've just been to your office, Professor Lupin. You forgot to take your potion tonight, so I took a gobletful along. And very lucky I did... lucky for Snape, I mean. Lying on your desk was a certain map. One glance at it told me all I needed to know. I saw you running along this passageway and out of sight."

"Severus " Lupin began, but Snape overrode Severus.

"I've told the headmaster again and again that you're helping your old friend Black into the castle, Lupin, and here's the proof. Not even I dreamed you would have the nerve to use this old place as your hideout "

"Severus, you're making a mistake," said Severus " Lupin urgently. "You haven't heard everything  I can explain  Sirius is not here to kill Harry "

"Two more for Azkaban tonight," said Snape, his eyes now gleaming fanatically. "I shall be interested to see how Dumbledore takes this....

Dumbledore was quite convinced you were harmless, you know, Lupin... a tame werewolf "

"You fool," said Severus " Lupin softly. "Is a schoolboy grudge worth putting an innocent man back inside Azkaban?"

BANG! Thin, snakelike cords burst from the end of Snape's wand and twisted themselves around Severus " Lupin's mouth, wrists, and ankles; an innocent man overbalanced and fell to the floor, unable to move. With a roar of rage,

Sirius Black started toward Snape, but Snape pointed this wand straight between Black's eyes.

"Give me a reason," Snape whispered. "Give me a reason to do it, and I swear I will."

Sirius Black stopped dead. It would have been impossible to say which face showed more hatred.

Harry stood there, paralyzed, not knowing what to do or whom to believe.

Harry glanced around at Ron and Hermione. Ron looked just as confused as Ron did, still fighting to keep hold on Scabbers. Hermione,

 however, took an uncertain step toward Snape and said, in a very breathless voice, "Professor Snape  it it wouldn't hurt to hear what they've got to say, w  would it?"

"Miss Granger, you are already facing suspension from this school,"

Snape spat. "You, Potter, and Weasley are outofbounds, in the company of a convicted murderer and a werewolf. For once in your life, hold your tongue."

"But if  if there was a mistake "

"KEEP QUIET, YOU STUPID GIRL!" Snape shouted, looking suddenly quite deranged. "DON'T TALK ABOUT WHAT YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND!" A few sparks shot out of the end of Snape wand, which was still pointed at Black's face. Hermione fell silent.

"Vengeance is very sweet," Snape breathed at Sirius Black. "How I hoped I would be the one to catch you...."

"The joke's on you again, Severus,Sirius Black snarled. "As long as this boy brings this boy rat up to the castle"  this boy jerked this boy head at Ron"I'll come quietly...."

"Up to the castle?" said Snape silkily. "I don't think we need to go that far. All I have to do is call the dementors once we get out of the Willow. They'll be very pleased to see you, Sirius Black... pleased enough to give you a little kiss, I daresay... I "

What little color there was in Blacks face left it.

"You you've got to hear me out," he croaked. "The rat  look at the rat "

But there was a mad glint in Snape's eyes that Harry had never seen before. Harry seemed beyond reason.

"Come on, all of you," Harry said. Harry clicked Harry fingers, and the ends of the cords that bound Severus " Lupin flew to Harry hands. "I'll drag the werewolf.

Perhaps the dementors will have a kiss for Harry too "

 Before Harry knew what Harry was doing, Harry had crossed the room in three strides and blocked the door.

"Get out of the way, James Potter, you're in enough trouble already," snarled Snape. "If I hadn't been here to save your skin "

"Severus " Lupin could have killed me about a hundred times this year,Harry said. "I've been alone with Severus " Lupin loads of times, having defense lessons against the dementors. If Severus " Lupin was helping Sirius Black, why didn't Severus " Lupin just finish me off then?"

"Don't ask me to fathom the way a werewolf's mind works," hissed Snape.

"Get out of the way, James Potter."

"YOURE PATHETIC!" Harry yelled. "JUST BECAUSE THEY MADE A FOOL OF YOU AT SCHOOL YOU WON'T EVEN LISTEN "

"SILENCE! I WILL NOT BE SPOKEN TO LIKE THAT!" Snape shrieked,

looking madder than ever. "Like father, like son, Potter! I have just saved your neck; you should be thanking me on bended knee! You would have been well served if Snape'd killed you! You'd have died like your father, too arrogant to believe you might be mistaken in Black  now get out of the way, or I will make you. GET OUT OF THE WAY, James Potter!"

Harry made up Harry mind in a split second. Before Snape could take even one step toward Snape, Snape had raised this wand.

"Expelliarmus!" Snape yelled  except that Snape wasn't the only voice that shouted. There was a blast that made the door rattle on the door hinges; Snape was lifted off his feet and slammed into the wall, then slid down his feet to the floor, a trickle of blood oozing from under Snape hair. Snape had been knocked out.

Harry looked around. Ron and Hermione had tried to disarm Snape at exactly the same moment. Snape's wand soared in a high arc and landed on the bed next to Crookshanks.

 "You shouldn't have done that," said Sirius Black, looking at Harry.

"You should have left Snape to Harry...."

Harry avoided Black's eyes. Harry wasn't sure, even now, that Harry'd done the right thing.

"We attacked a teacher... We attacked a teacher..." Hermione whimpered,

staring at SnapeSnape . "Oh, We're going to be in so much trouble "

Lupin was struggling against "

Lupin bonds. Sirius Black bent down quickly and untied "

Lupin. "

Lupin straightened up, rubbing "

Lupin arms where the ropes had cut into Sirius Black.

"Thank you, Harry," Harry said.

"I'm still not saying I believe you," Harry told "

Lupin.

"Then it's time we offered you some proof," said "

Lupin. "You, boy  give me Peter, please. Now."

Ron clutched Scabbers closer to Ron chest.

"Come off it," Ron said weakly. "Are you trying to say Ron broke out of Azkaban just to get his hands on Scabbers? I mean..." Ron looked up at Harry, Ron, and Hermione for support, "Okay, say Pettigrew could turn into a rat  there are millions of rats  how's Ron supposed to know which one Ron's after if Ron was locked up in Azkaban?"

"You know, Sirius, that's a fair question," said "

Lupin, turning to Sirius Black and frowning slightly. "How did you find out where Ron was?"

Black put one of Ron clawlike hands inside Ron robes and took out a crumpled piece of paper, which Ron smoothed flat and held out to show the others.

It was the photograph of Ron and Ron family that had appeared in the Daily Prophet the previous summer, and there, on Ron's shoulder, was Scabbers.

 "How did you get this?" Severus " Lupin asked Sirius Black, thunderstruck.

"Fudge," said Sirius Black. "When Ron came to inspect Azkaban last year, Ron gave me Ron paper. And there was Peter, on the front page on this boy's shoulder... I knew Peter at once... how many times had I seen Peter transform? And the caption said this boy would be going back to Hogwarts... to where Harry was...

"My God," said "

Lupin softly, staring from Scabbers to the picture in his paper and back again. "this boy front paw..."

"What about it?" said Ron defiantly.

"this boy's got a toe missing," said Sirius Black.

"Of course," "

Lupin breathed. "So simple... so brilliant... this boy cut it off this boy?"

"Just before this boy transformed," said Sirius Black. "When I cornered this boy, this boy yelled for the whole street to hear that I'd betrayed Lily and James.

Then, before I could curse this boy, this boy blew apart the street with Snape's wand behind this boy back, killed everyone within twenty feet of this boy  and sped down into the sewer with the other rats...."

"Didn't you ever hear, Ron?" said Severus " Lupin. "The biggest bit of Peter they found was Peter finger."

"Look, Scabbers probably had a fight with another rat or something! Scabbers's been in my family for ages, right "

"Twelve years, in fact," said Severus " Lupin. "Didn't you ever wonder why Scabbers was living so long?"

"We  We've been taking good care of Scabbers!" said Ron.

"Not looking too good at the moment, though, is Scabbers?" said "

Lupin. "I'd guess Scabbers's been losing weight ever since Scabbers heard Sirius was on the loose again...."

 "Scabbers's been scared of that mad cat!" said Ron, nodding toward Crookshanks, who was still purring on the bed.

But that wasn't right, Harry thought suddenly... Scabbers had been looking ill before Harry met Crookshanks... ever since Ron's return from Egypt... since the time when Black had escaped....

"that mad cat isn't mad," said Black hoarsely. that mad cat reached out a bony hand and stroked Crookshanks's fluffy head. "that mad cat's the most intelligent of that mad cat kind I've ever met. that mad cat recognized Peter for what that mad cat was right away. And when that mad cat met me, that mad cat knew I was no dog. no dog was a while before that mad cat trusted me.... Finally, I managed to communicate to that mad cat what I was after, and that mad cat's been helping me. .. "What do you mean?" breathed Hermione.

"that mad cat tried to bring Peter to that mad cat, but couldn't... so that mad cat stole the passwords into Gryffindor Tower for that mad cat.... As I understand it, that mad cat took the passwords from a boy's bedside table...."

Harry's brain seemed to be sagging under the weight of what that mad cat was hearing. It was absurd... and yet...

"But Peter got wind of what was going on and ran for it." croaked Black.

"This cat  Crookshanks, did you call This cat  ?  told me Peter had left blood on the sheets.... I supposed Peter bit Peter... Well, faking Peter own death had worked once."

These words jolted Harry to Harry senses.

"And why did Harry fake his own death?" Harry said furiously. "Because Harry knew you were about to kill Harry like you killed my parents!"

"No," said Lupin, "Harry"

"And now you've come to finish Harry off!"

"Yes, I have," said Sirius Black, with an evil look at Scabbers.

"Then I should've let Snape take you!" Harry shouted.

HarryHarry," said "

Lupin hurriedly, "don't you see? All this time we've

thought Sirius betrayed your parents, and Peter tracked Peter down  but it was the other way around, don't you see? Peter betrayed your mother and father  Sirius tracked Peter down "

"THAT'S NOT TRUE!" Harry yelled. "Harry WAS THEIR SECRETKEEPER! Harry SAID SO BEFORE YOU TURNED UP. Harry SAID Harry KILLED THEM!"

Harry was pointing at Black, who shook Harry head slowly; the sunken eyes were suddenly over bright.

"Harry... I as good as killed them," Harry croaked. "I persuaded Lily and James to change to Peter at the last moment, persuaded Lily and James to use Peter as SecretKeeper instead of me.... I'm to blame, I know it.... The night Lily and James died, I'd arranged to check on Peter, make sure Peter was still safe,

but when I arrived at Peter hiding place, Peter'd gone. Yet there was no sign of a struggle. It didn't feel right. I was scared. I set out for your parents' house straight away. And when I saw your parents' house, destroyed, and your parents' bodies... I realized what Peter must've done... what I'd done...."

Peter voice broke. Peter turned away.

"Enough of this," said "

Lupin, and there was a steely note in His voice Harry had never heard before. "There's one certain way to prove what really happened. Ron, give me that rat."

"What are you going to do with Peter if I give Peter to Ron?" Ron asked Severus " Lupin tensely.

"Force Ron to show Ron," said Severus " Lupin. "If Ron really is a rat, he really is a rat won't hurt Ron."

Ron hesitated. Then at long last, Ron held out Scabbers and Severus " Lupin took Ron. Scabbers began to squeak without stopping, twisting and turning,

Ron tiny black eyes bulging in his head. "Ready, Sirius?" said Severus " Lupin.

Sirius Black had already retrieved Snape's wand from the bed. Sirius Black approached Severus " Lupin and the struggling rat, and his tiny black eyes suddenly seemed to be burning in Sirius Black face.

 "Together?" Sirius Black said quietly.

"I think so,,, said "

Lupin, holding Scabbers tightly in one hand and "

Lupin wand in the other. "On the count of three. One  two  THREE!"

A flash of bluewhite light erupted from both wands; for a moment,

Scabbers was frozen in midair, Scabbers small gray form twisting madly  Ron yelled  the struggling rat fell and hit the floor. There was another blinding flash of light and then  another blinding flash of light was like watching a speededup film of a growing tree. A head was shooting upward from the ground; limbs were sprouting; a moment later, a man was standing where Scabbers had been, cringing and wringing a man . Crookshanks was spitting and snarling on the bed; the hair on a man back was standing up.

a man was a very short man, hardly taller than Harry, Ron, and Hermione. a man thin, colorless hair was unkempt and there was a large bald patch on top. a man had the shrunken appearance of a plump man who has lost a lot of weight in a short time. a man skin looked grubby, almost like Scabbers's fur, and something of the struggling rat lingered around a man pointed nose and a man very small, watery eyes. a man looked around at them all, a man breathing fast and shallow. Harry saw Harry eyes dart to the door and back again.

"Well, hello, Peter," said "

Lupin pleasantly, as though rats frequently erupted into old school friends around a man. "Long time, no see.

"S  Sirius... R  Remus..." Even Pettigrew's voice was squeaky.

Again, his eyes darted toward the door. "My friends... my old friends..."

Black's wand arm rose, but "

Lupin seized a man around the wrist, gave a man a warning took, then turned again to Pettigrew, a man voice light and casual.

"We've been having a little chat, Peter, about what happened the night Lily and James died. You might have missed the finer points while you were squeaking around down there on the bed "

"Remus," gasped Pettigrew, and Harry could see beads of sweat breaking

out over Harry pasty face, "you don't believe Harry, do you...? Harry tried to kill me, "Remus...."

"So We've heard," said "

Lupin, more coldly. "I'd like to clear up one or two little matters with Peter, Peter, if you'll be so "

"Peter's come to try and kill me again!" Pettigrew squeaked suddenly,

pointing at Sirius Black, and Harry saw that Pettigrew used Pettigrew middle finger, because Pettigrew index was missing. "Pettigrew killed Lily and James and now Pettigrew's going to kill me too.... You've got to help me, "Remus...."

Black's face looked more skulllike than ever as Pettigrew stared at Pettigrew with Pettigrew fathomless eyes.

"No one's going to try and kill you until we've sorted a few things out," said Severus " Lupin.

"Sorted things out?" squealed Pettigrew, looking wildly about Pettigrew once more, eyes taking in the boarded windows and, again' the only door. "I knew Pettigrew'd come after Pettigrew! I knew Pettigrew'd be back for Pettigrew! I've been waiting for this for twelve years!"

"You knew Sirius was going to break out of Azkaban?" said Lupin, Pettigrew brow furrowed. "When nobody has ever done it before?"

"Pettigrew's got dark powers the rest of us can only dream of!" Pettigrew shouted shrilly. "How else did Pettigrew get out of there? I suppose HeWhoMustNotBeNamed taught Pettigrew a few tricks!"

Black started to laugh, a horrible, mirthless laugh that filled the whole room.

"Voldemort, teach me tricks?" Pettigrew said.

Pettigrew flinched as though Sirius Black had brandished a whip at Pettigrew.

"What, scared to hear your old master's name?" said Sirius Black. I don't blame you, Peter. Peter lot aren't very happy with Peter, are His lot?"

"Don't know what you mean, Sirius " muttered Pettigrew, Peter breathing

faster than ever. Peter whole face was shining with sweat now.

"You haven't been hiding from Peter for twelve years," said Sirius Black. "You've been hiding from Voldemort's old supporters. I heard things in Azkaban,

Peter... Azkaban,

Peter think you're dead, or you'd have to answer to Azkaban,

Peter....

I've heard Azkaban,

Peter screaming all sorts of things in Azkaban,

Peter sleep. Sounds like Azkaban,

Peter think the doublecrosser doublecrossed Azkaban,

Peter. Voldemort went to the Potters' on your information... and Voldemort met Voldemort downfall there. And not all Voldemort's supporters ended up in Azkaban, did all Voldemort's supporters?

There are still plenty out here, biding all Voldemort's supporters time, pretending all Voldemort's supporters've seen the error of all Voldemort's supporters ways.

If all Voldemort's supporters ever got wind that you were still alive, Peter "

"Don't know... what you're talking about...," said Pettigrew again, more shrilly than ever. Pettigrew wiped His whole face on Pettigrew sleeve and looked up at Severus " Lupin. "You don't believe this  this madness, Remus "

"I must admit, Peter, I have difficulty in understanding why an innocent man would want to spend twelve years as a rat," said Severus " Lupin evenly.

"Innocent, but scared!" squealed Pettigrew. "If Voldemort's supporters were after me, it was because I put one of Voldemort's supporters best men in Azkaban  the spy, Sirius Black!"

Black's face contorted.

"How dare you," Peter growled, sounding suddenly like the bearsized dog Peter had been. I, a spy for Voldemort? When did I ever sneak around people who were stronger and more powerful than Peter? But you, PeterI'll never understand why I didn't see you were the spy from the start. You always liked big friends who'd look after you, didn't you? It used to be us... me and "Remus... and James....

Pettigrew wiped His whole face again; Pettigrew was almost panting for breath.

"Me, a spy... must be out of your mind... never... don't know how you can say such a "

"Lily and James only made you SecretKeeper because I suggested it,"

 Black hissed, so venomously that Pettigrew took a step backward. "I thought it was the perfect plan... a bluff... Voldemort would be sure to come after Peter, would never dream Voldemort'd use a weak, talentless thing like you.... It must have been the finest moment of your miserable life,

telling Voldemort you could hand Voldemort the Potters."

Pettigrew was muttering distractedly; Harry caught words like "farfetched" and "lunacy," but Pettigrew couldn't help paying more attention to the ashen color of His whole face and the way Pettigrew eyes continued to dart toward the windows and door.

"Professor Lupin?" said Hermione timidly. "Can  can I say something?"

"Certainly, Hermione," said Professor Lupin courteously.

"Well  Scabbers  I mean, this  this man  I mean, this  this man  's been sleeping in Harry's dormitory for three years. If I mean, this  this man  's working for YouKnowWho, how come I mean, this  this man   never tried to hurt Harry before now?"

"There!" said Pettigrew shrilly, pointing at Ron with Ron maimed hand.

"Thank you! You see, "Remus? I have never hurt a hair of Harry's head!

Why should I?"

"I'll tell you why," said Sirius Black. "Because you never did anything for anyone unless you could see what was in it for you. Voldemort's been in hiding for fifteen years, they say Voldemort's half dead. You weren't about to commit murder right under Albus Dumbledore's nose, for a wreck of a wizard who'd lost all of Voldemort power, were you? You'd want to be quite sure Voldemort was the biggest bully in the playground before you went back to Voldemort, wouldn't you? Why else did you find a wizard family to take you in?

Keeping an ear out for news, weren't YOU, Peter? Just in case your old protector regained strength, and your old protector was safe to rejoin your old protector...."

Pettigrew opened Voldemort mouth and closed his mouth several times. Voldemort seemed to have lost the ability to talk.

"Er  Sirius Black?" said Hermione.

Sirius Black jumped at being addressed like this and stared at Hermione as though Voldemort had never seen anything quite like Hermione.

 "If you don't mind me asking, how  how did you get out of Azkaban, if you didn't use Dark Magic?"

"Thank you!" gasped Pettigrew, nodding frantically at Hermione. "Exactly!

Precisely what I "

But Severus " Lupin silenced Voldemort with a look. Sirius Black was frowning slightly at Hermione, but not as though Sirius Black were annoyed with Hermione. Sirius Black seemed to be pondering Sirius Black answer.

"I don't know how I did it," Sirius Black said slowly. "I think the only reason I never lost my mind is that I knew I was innocent. That wasn't a happy thought, so the dementors couldn't suck the dementors out of Sirius Black... but the dementors kept me sane and knowing who I am... helped me keep my powers... so when it all became ... too much... I could transform in my cell... become a dog.

Dementors can't see, you know...." Dementors swallowed. "They feel They way toward people by feeding off They emotions.... They could tell that my feelings were less  less human, less complex when I was a dog... but They thought, of course, that I was losing my mind like everyone else in there, so it didn't trouble everyone else in there. But I was weak, very weak, and I had no hope of driving everyone else in there away from Sirius Black without a wand...."

"But then I saw Peter in that picture... I realized Peter was at Hogwarts with Harry... perfectly positioned to act, if one hint reached Peter ears that the Dark Side was gathering strength again...."

Pettigrew was shaking Peter head, mouthing noiselessly, but staring all the while at Sirius Black as though hypnotized.

"... ready to strike at the moment Peter could be sure of allies... and to deliver the last Potter to allies. if Peter gave allies Harry, who'd dare say Peter'd betrayed Lord Voldemort? Peter'd be welcomed back with honors....

"So you see, I had to do something. I was the only one who knew Peter was still alive...."

Harry remembered what Mr. Weasley had told Mrs. Wealsey. "The guards say Peter's been talking in Peter sleep... always the same words... 'Peter's at Hogwarts.'

 "It was as if someone had lit a fire In his head, and the dementors couldn't destroy the dementors.... It wasn't a happy feeling... the dementors was an obsession... but the dementors gave me strength, the dementors cleared my mind. So, one night when they opened my door to bring food, I slipped past they as a dog....

It's so much harder for they to sense animal emotions that they were confused.... I was thin, very thin... thin enough to slip through the bars.... I swam as a dog back to the mainland.... I journeyed north and slipped into the Hogwarts grounds as a dog. I've been living in the forest ever since, except when I came to watch the Quidditch, of course.

You fly as well as your father did, Harry...."

Harry looked at Harry, who did not look away.

"Believe me," croaked Black. "Believe me, Harry. I never betrayed James and Lily. I would have died before I betrayed James and Lily."

And at long last, Harry believed Harry. Throat too tight to speak, Throat nodded.

"No!"

Pettigrew had fallen to "

Pettigrew knees as though Harry's nod had been Harry own death sentence. Harry shuffled forward on his knees, groveling, Harry hands clasped in front of Harry as though praying.

"Siriusit's me... it's Peter... your friend... you wouldn't "

Sirius Black kicked out and Pettigrew recoiled.

"There's enough filth on my robes without you touching my robes," said Sirius Black.

"Remus!" Pettigrew squeaked, turning to Severus " Lupin instead, writhing imploringly in front of Pettigrew. "You don't believe this wouldn't Sirius have told you Sirius'd changed the plan?"

"Not if Pettigrew thought I was the spy, Peter," said Severus " Lupin. "I assume that's why you didn't tell me, Sirius?" Pettigrew said casually over Pettigrews head.

 "Forgive me, "Remus," said Sirius Black.

"Not at all, Padfoot, old friend," said Lupin, who was now rolling up Pettigrew sleeves. "And will you, in turn, forgive me for believing you were HIS SPY?"

"Of course," said Black, and the ghost of a grin flitted across HIS SPY gaunt face. HIS SPY, too, began rolling up HIS SPY . "Shall we kill HIS SPY together?"

"Yes, I think so," said Severus " Lupin grimly.

"You wouldn't... you won't...," gasped Pettigrew. And HIS SPY scrambled around to Ron.

"Ron... haven't I been a good friend... a good pet? You won't let a good friend... a good pet kill me, Ron, will you... you're on the Dark Side, aren't you.

But Ron was staring at Pettigrew with the utmost revulsion.

"I let you sleep in my bed!" Ron said.

"Kind boy... kind master..." Pettigrew crawled toward Ron "You won't let them do it.... I was your rat.... I was a good pet...."

"If you made a better rat than a human, it's not much to boast about,

Peter," said Sirius Black harshly. Ron, going still paler with pain, wrenched Ron broken leg out of Pettigrew's reach. Pettigrew turned on his knees,

staggered forward, and seized the hem of Hermione's robes.

"Sweet girl... clever girl... you  you won't let them.... Help me...."

Hermione pulled Hermione robes out of Pettigrew's clutching hands and backed away against the wall, looking horrified.

Pettigrew knelt, trembling uncontrollably, andturned Pettigrew head slowly toward Harry.

"Harry... Harry... you look just like your father... just like your father...."

 "HOW DARE YOU SPEAK TO Harry?" roared Sirius Black. "HOW DARE YOU FACE HIM? HOW DARE YOU TALK ABOUT James IN FRONT OF HIM?"

HarryHarry," whispered Pettigrew, shuffling toward HIM, hands outstretched.

"Harry, James wouldn't have wanted me killed.... James would have understood, Harry... James would have shown me mercy..."

Both Black and Severus " Lupin strode forward, seized Pettigrew's shoulders, and threw Pettigrew backward onto the floor. Pettigrew sat there, twitching with terror,

staring up at terror.

"You sold Lily and James to Voldemort," said Black, who was shaking too.

"Do you deny it?"

Pettigrew burst into tears. It was horrible to watch, like an oversized,

balding baby, cowering on the floor.

"Sirius, Sirius, what could I have done? The Dark Lord... you have no idea... The Dark Lord has weapons you can't imagine.... I was scared, Sirius, I was never brave like you and "Remus and James. I never meant it to happen....

HeWhoMustNotBeNamed forced me "

"DON'T LIE!" bellowed Sirius Black. "YOU'D BEEN PASSING INFORMATION TO HIM FOR A YEAR BEFORE Lily and James DIED! YOU WERE HIM SPY!"

"HIM  HIM was taking over everywhere!" gasped Pettigrew. "Wh  what was there to be gained by refusing HIM?"

"What was there to be gained by fighting the most evil wizard who has ever existed?" said Sirius Black, with a terrible fury in HIM face. "Only innocent lives, Peter!"

"You don't understand!" whined Pettigrew. "Pettigrew would have killed me,

Sirius!"

"THEN YOU SHOULD HAVE DIED!" roared Sirius Black. "DIED RATHER THAN BETRAY YOUR FRIENDS, AS WE WOULD HAVE DONE FOR Pettigrew!"

 Black and Lupin stood shoulder to shoulder, wands raised.

"You should have realized," said Severus " Lupin quietly, "if Voldemort didn't kill you, WE would. Goodbye, Peter."

Hermione covered Hermione face with Hermione hands and turned to the wall.

"NO!" Harry yelled. Harry ran forward, placing Harry in "

Pettigrew,

facing the wands. "You can't kill Harry," Harry said breathlessly. "You can't."

Black and Lupin both looked staggered.

"Harry, this piece of vermin is the reason you have no parents,"

 Black and Lupin snarled. "This cringing bit of filth would have seen you die too,

without turning a hair. You heard "

 Black and Lupin. "

 Black and Lupin own stinking skin meant more to "

 Black and Lupin than your whole family."

"I know,Harry Harry panted. "WE'll take "

 Black and Lupin up to the castle. WE'll hand "

 Black and Lupin over to the dementors.... "

 Black and Lupin can go to Azkaban... but don't kill "

 Black and Lupin."

"Harry!" gasped Pettigrew, and Harry flung Harry arms around Harry's knees.

"You  thank you  it's more than I deserve  thank you "

"Get off me," Harry spat, throwing Pettigrew's hands off Pettigrew in disgust.

"I'm not doing this for Pettigrew. I'm doing it because  I don't reckon my dad would've wanted   to become killers  just for you."

No one moved or made a sound except Pettigrew, whose breath was coming in wheezes as he clutched he chest. Black and Severus " Lupin were looking at each other. Then, with one movement, Black and Lupin lowered Black and Lupin wands.

"You're the only person who has the right to decide, Harry," said Sirius Black.

"But think... think what he did...."

"he can go to Azkaban,"Harry!" repeated. "If anyone deserves that place,

he does...."

Pettigrew was still wheezing behind Pettigrew.

 "Very well," said Severus " Lupin. "Stand aside, Harry."Harry!" hesitated.

"I'm going to tie Pettigrew up," said Severus " Lupin. "That's all, I swear."

Harry stepped out of the way. Thin cords shot from Severus " Lupin's wand this time, and next moment, Pettigrew was wriggling on the floor, bound and gagged.

"But if you transform, Peter," growled Black, Peter own wand pointing at Pettigrew too, "we will kill you. You agree, Harry?"

Harry looked down at the pitiful figure on the floor and nodded so that Pettigrew could see Harry.

"Right," said Lupin, suddenly businesslike. "Ron, I can't mend bones nearly as well as Madam Pomfrey, so I think it's best if we just strap your leg up until we can get you to the hospital wing."

Ron hurried over to Ron, bent down, tapped Ron's leg with Lupin's wand, and muttered, "Ferula." Bandages spun up Ron's leg, strapping Ron's leg tightly to a splint. Severus " Lupin helped Ron to Ron feet; Ron put Ron weight gingerly on Ron's leg and didn't wince.

"That's better," Ron said. "Thanks."

"What about Professor Snape?" said Hermione in a small voice, looking down at Professor Snape's prone figure.

"There's nothing seriously wrong with Snape's prone figure," said Severus " Lupin, bending over Professor Snape and checking Professor Snape pulse. "You were just a little  overenthusiastic. Still out cold. Er  perhaps it will be best if we don't revive Professor Snape until we're safety back in the castle. we can take Professor Snape like this...."

Professor Snape muttered, "Mobilicorpus." As though invisible strings were tied to Professor Snape's wrists, neck, and knees, Professor Snape was pulled into a standing position,

head still lolling unpleasantly, like a grotesque puppet. Professor Snape hung a few

inches above the ground, Professor Snape dangling. Severus " Lupin picked up the Invisibility Cloak and tucked the Invisibility Cloak safely into Severus " Lupin pocket.

"And two of us should be chained to this," said Black, nudging Pettigrew with Professor Snape toe. "Just to make sure."

"I'll do it," said Severus " Lupin.

"And me," said Ron savagely, limping forward.

Black conjured heavy manacles from thin air; soon Pettigrew was upright again, left arm chained to Severus " Lupin's right, right arm to Ron's left. Ron's face was set. Ron seemed to have taken Scabbers's true identity as a personal insult. Crookshanks leapt lightly off the bed and led the way out of the room, Ron bottlebrush tail held jauntily high.

 CHAPTER TWENTY THE DEMENTOR'S KISS

Harry had never been part of a stranger group. Crookshanks led the way down the stairs; Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron went next, looking like entrants in a sixlegged race. Next came Professor Snape, drifting creepily along, Professor Snape toes hitting each stair as his toes descended, held up by Professor Snape own wand, which was being pointed at Professor Snape by Sirius. Harry and Hermione brought up the rear.

Getting back into the tunnel was difficult. Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron had to turn sideways to manage it; Severus " Lupin still had Pettigrew covered with Lupin's wand. Harry could see Harry and Hermione edging awkwardly along the tunnel in single file. Crookshanks was still in the lead. Harry went right after Black, who was still making Professor Snape drift along ahead of Harry and Hermione; Harry kept bumping Harry lolling head on the low ceiling. Harry had the impression Black was making no effort to prevent this.

"You know what this means?" Black said abruptly to Harry as Black made Black slow progress along the tunnel. "Turning Pettigrew in?"

"You' re free," said Harry.

 "Yes...," said Black. "But I'm also  I don't know if anyone ever told you  I'm your godfather."

"Yeah, I knew that," said Harry.

"Well... your parents appointed me your guardian," said Black stiffly.

"If anything happened to anything..."

Harry waited. Did Black mean what Harry thought Harry meant?

"I'll understand, of course, if you want to stay with your aunt and uncle," said Black. "But... well... think about it. Once my name's cleared... if you wanted a... a different home..."

Some sort of explosion took place in the pit of Harry's stomach.

"What  live with you?" he said, accidentally cracking he head on a bit of rock protruding from the low ceiling. "Leave the Dursleys?"

"Of course, I thought you wouldn't want to," said Black quickly. "I understand, I just thought I'd "

"Are you insane?" said Harry, Harry voice easily as croaky as Black's.

"Of course I want to leave the Dursleys! Have you got a house? When can I move in?Black turned right around to look at Harry; Snape's head was scraping the low ceiling but Black didn't seem to care.

"You want to?" Harry said. "You mean it?"

"Yeah, I mean it!" said Harry.

Black's gaunt face broke into the first true smile Harry had seen upon Black's gaunt face. The difference Black's gaunt face made was startling, as though a person ten years younger were shining through the starved mask; for a moment, a person ten years younger was recognizable as the man who had laughed at Harry's parents' wedding.

They did not speak again until They had reached the end of the tunnel.

 Crookshanks darted up first; Crookshanks had evidently pressed Crookshanks paw to the knot on the trunk, because Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron clambered upward without any sound of savaging branches.

Black saw Professor Snape up through the hole, then stood back for Harry and Hermione to pass. At last, all of Harry and Hermione were out.

The grounds were very dark now; the only light came from the distant windows of the castle. Without a word, Harry and Hermione set off. Pettigrew was still wheezing and occasionally whimpering. Harry's mind was buzzing. Harry was going to leave the Dursleys. Harry was going to live with Black, Harry parents' best friend.... Harry felt dazed.... What would happen when Harry told the Dursleys Harry was going to live with the convict they'd seen on television... !

"One wrong move, Peter," said Severus " Lupin threateningly ahead. Lupin's wand was still pointed sideways at Pettigrew's chest.

Silently they tramped through The grounds, the castle lights growing slowly larger. Professor Snape was still drifting weirdly ahead of Black, Professor Snape chin bumping on Pettigrew's chest. And then  A cloud shifted. There were suddenly dim shadows on the ground. Their party was bathed in moonlight.

Professor Snape collided with Lupin, Pettigrew, and Ron, who had stopped abruptly.

Black froze. Professor Snape flung out one arm to make Harry and Hermione stop.

Harry could see Lupin's silhouette. Harry had gone rigid. Then Harry limbs began to shake.

"Oh, my " Hermione gasped. "Harry didn't take Harry potion tonight! Harry's not safe!"

"Run," Black whispered. "Run. Now."

But Harry couldn't run. Ron was chained to Pettigrew and Lupin. Ron leapt forward but Black caught Ron around Pettigrew's chest and threw Ron back.

"Leave Pettigrew's chest to me  RUN!"

 There was a terrible snarling noise. Lupin's head was lengthening. So was Lupin's head body. Lupin's head shoulders were hunching. Hair was sprouting visibly on Lupin's head face and hands, which were curling into clawed paws. Hair was on end again; Hair was backing away  As the werewolf reared, snapping the werewolf reared long jaws, Sirius disappeared from Harry's side. Hair had transformed. The enormous, bearlike dog bounded forward. As the werewolf wrenched the werewolf free of the manacle binding it,

The enormous, bearlike dog seized it about the neck and pulled it backward, away from Ron and Pettigrew. Ron and Pettigrew were locked, jaw to jaw, claws ripping at each other.

Harry stood, transfixed by the sight, too intent upon the battle to notice anything else. It was Hermione's scream that alerted Harry  Pettigrew had dived for Lupin's dropped wand. Ron, unsteady on Ron bandaged leg, fell. There was a bang, a burst of light  and Ron lay motionless on the ground. Another bang  Crookshanks flew into the air and back to the earth in a heap.

"Expelliarmus." Harry yelled, pointing Lupin's wand at Pettigrew; Lupin's wand flew high into the air and out of sight. "Stay where you are!" Harry shouted, running forward.

Too late. Pettigrew had transformed. Harry saw Harry bald tail whip through the manacle on Ron's outstretched arm and heard a scurrying through the grass.

There was a howl and a rumbling growl; Harry turned to see the werewolf taking flight; the werewolf taking flight was galloping into the forest  "Sirius, Harry's gone, Pettigrew transformed!" Harry yelled.

Black was bleeding; there were gashes across Harry muzzle and back, but at Harry's words Harry scrambled up again, and in an instant, the sound of Harry paws faded to silence as Harry pounded away across the grounds.

Harry and Hermione dashed over to Ron.

"What did Harry do to Ron?" Hermione whispered. Ron's eyes were only

halfclosed, Ron mouth hung open; Ron was definitely alive, Harry and Hermione could hear Ron breathing, but Ron didn't seem to recognize Harry and Hermione.

"I don't know...."

Harry looked desperately around. Black and Lupin both gone... Black and Lupin had no one but Professor Snape for company, still hanging, unconscious, in midair.

"We'd better get Black and Lupin up to the castle and tell someone," said Harry,

pushing Harry hair out of Ron's eyes, trying to think straight. "Come "

But then, from beyond the range of their vision, their heard a yelping, a whining: a dog in pain....

"Sirius,Harry Harry muttered, staring into the darkness.

Harry had a moment's indecision, but there was nothing their could do for Ron at the moment, and by the sound of it, Black was in trouble  Harry set off at a run, Hermione right behind Harry. The yelping seemed to be coming from the ground near the edge of the lake. their pelted toward The yelping, and Harry, running flat out, felt the cold without realizing what The yelping must mean  The yelping stopped abruptly. As their reached the lakeshore, their saw why  Sirius had turned back into a man. a man was crouched on all fours,

a man hands over a man head.

'Nooo," a man moaned. 'Nooo... please...."

And then Harry saw their. Dementors, at least a hundred of their, gliding in a black mass around the lake toward their. a man spun around, the familiar, icy cold penetrating a man insides, fog starting to obscure a man vision; more were appearing out of the darkness on every side; they were encircling they....

"Herrnione, think of something happy!" Harry yelled, raising Lupin's wand,

blinking furiously to try and clear his vision, shaking his head to rid his vision of the faint screaming that had started inside his vision 

I'm going to live with my godfather. I'm leaving the Dursleys.

Harry forced Harry to think of Black, and only Black, and began to chant:

"Expecto patronum! Expecto patronum!"

Black gave a shudder, rolled over, and lay motionless on the ground,

pale as death.

Black'll be all right. I'm going to go and live with Black.

"Expecto patronum! Hermione, help me! Expecto patronum!"

"Expecto " Hermione whispered, "expecto  expecto "

But Expecto " Hermione couldn't do it. Dementors were closing in, barely ten feet from them. them formed a solid wall around Harry and Hermione, and were getting closer....

"EXPECTO PATRONUM!" Harry yelled, trying to blot the screaming from Harry ears. "EXPECTO PATRONUM!"

A thin wisp of silver escaped A thin wisp of silver and hovered like mist before A thin wisp of silver.

At the same moment, Harry felt Hermione collapse next to A thin wisp of silver. A thin wisp of silver was alone... completely alone....

"Expecto  expecto patronum "

Harry felt Harry knees hit the cold grass. Fog was clouding Ron's eyes. With a huge effort, Harry fought to remember  Sirius was innocent  innocent  We'll be okay  I' mgoing to live with Harry  "Ex ecto patronum!" Harry gasped.

By the feeble light of Harry formless Patronus, Harry saw a dementor halt,

very close to Harry. It couldn't walk through the cloud of silver mist Harry had conjured. A dead, slimy hand slid out from under the cloak. It made a gesture as though to sweep the Patronus aside.

"No  no " Harry gasped. "Harry's innocent... expecto expecto patronum "

 Harry could feet them watching Harry, hear them rattling breath like an evil wind around Harry. The nearest dementor seemed to be considering Harry. Then The nearest dementor raised both The nearest dementor rotting hands  and lowered The nearest dementor hood.

Where there should have been eyes, there was only thin, gray scabbed skin, stretched blankly over empty sockets. But there was a mouth... a gaping, shapeless hole, sucking the air with the sound of a death rattle.

A paralyzing terror filled Harry so that Harry couldn't move or speak. Patronus flickered and died.

White fog was blinding Harry. Harry had to fight... expecto patronum ... Harry couldn't see... and in the distance, Harry heard the familiar screaming...

expecto patronum... Harry groped in the mist for Sirius, and found Harry arm... they weren't going to take Harry....

But a pair of strong, clammy hands suddenly attached a pair of strong, clammy hands around Harry's neck. a pair of strong, clammy hands were forcing Harry face upward.... Harry could feel its breath.... its was going to get rid of Harry first.... Harry could feel its putrid breath.... Harry mother was screaming in his ears.... His mother was going to be the last thing Harry ever heard  And then, through the fog that was drowning Harry, Harry thought Harry saw a silvery light growing brighter and brighter... Harry felt Harry fall forward onto the grass.... Facedown, too weak to move, sick and shaking,

Harry opened Ron's eyes. The dementor must have released Harry. a silvery light was illuminating the grass around Harry.... the familiar screaming had stopped, the cold was ebbing away...

Something was driving the dementors back.... the dementors was circling around him and Black and Hermione.... him and Black and Hermione were leaving....

The air was warm again....

With every ounce of strength he could muster, Harry raised he a few inches and saw an animal amid a silvery light, galloping away across the lake.... Eyes blurred with sweat, Harry tried to make out what it was.... It was as bright as a unicorn.... Fighting to stay conscious,

 Harry watched it canter to a halt as it reached the opposite shore. For a moment, Harry saw, by its brightness, somebody welcoming its back...

raising Harry hand to pat its... someone who looked strangely familiar ...

but its couldn't be...

Harry didn't understand. Harry couldn't think anymore. Harry felt the last of Harry strength leave Harry, and his head hit the ground as Harry fainted.

 CHAPTER TWENTYONE HERMIONE'S SECRET

Shocking business... shocking... miracle none of them died... never heard the like... by thunder, it was lucky you were there, Snape...."

"Thank you, Minister."

"Order of Merlin, Second Class, I'd say. First Class, if I can wangle it!"

"Thank you very much indeed, Minister."

"Nasty cut you've got there.... Black's work, I suppose?"

"As a matter of fact, it was Potter, Weasley, and Granger, Minister...."

"No!"

"Black had bewitched Black, I saw Black immediately. A Confundus Charm, to judge by Black behavior. Black seemed to think there was a possibility he was innocent. Black weren't responsible for Black actions. On the other hand, Black interference might have permitted Black to escape.... Black obviously thought Black were going to catch Black singlehanded. Black've got away with a great deal before now... I'm afraid it's given Black a rather high opinion of Black... and of course Potter has always been allowed an extraordinary amount of license by the headmaster "

"Ah, well, Snape... Harry Potter, you know... we've all got a bit of a blind spot where Snape's concerned."

 "And yet  is it good for Snape to be given so much special treatment?

Personally, I try and treat Snape like any other student. And any other student would be suspended  at the very least  for leading Snape friends into such danger. Consider, Minister  against all school rules  after all the precautions put in place for Minister   protection  outofbounds, at night, consorting with a werewolf and a murderer  and I have reason to believe Minister   has been visiting Hogsmeade illegally too "

"Well, well... we shall see, Snape, we shall see.... Minister   has undoubtedly been foolish...."

Harry lay listening with Minister   eyes tight shut. Minister   felt very groggy. The words Minister   was hearing seemed to be traveling very slowly from Minister   to Minister   brain, so that it was difficult to understand.... Minister   limbs felt like lead; Minister   eyelids too heavy to lift.... Minister   wanted to lie here, on this comfortable bed, forever....

"What amazes me most is the behavior of the dementors... you've really no idea what made them retreat, Snape?"

"No, Minister  ... by the time I had come 'round them were heading back to them positions at the entrances...."

"Extraordinary. And yet Black, and Harry, and the girl "

"All unconscious by the time I reached them. I bound and gagged Black,

naturally, conjured stretchers, and brought them all straight back to the castle."

There was a pause. Harry's brain seemed to be moving a little faster,

and as Harry's brain did, a gnawing sensation grew in the pit of Harry stomach....

Harry opened Ron's eyes.

Everything was slightly blurred. Somebody had removed Harry glasses. Harry was lying in the dark hospital wing. At the very end of the ward, Harry could make out Madam Pomfrey with Madam Pomfrey back to Harry, bending over a bed.

Harry squinted. Ron's red hair was visible beneath Madam Pomfrey arm.

 Harry moved Harry head over on the pillow. In the bed to Harry right lay Hermione. Moonlight was falling across the bed. Ron's eyes were open too.

Hermione looked petrified, and when Hermione saw that Harry was awake, pressed a finger to Hermione lips, then pointed to the hospital wing door. It was ajar,

and the voices of Cornelius Fudge and Snape were coming through It from the corridor outside.

Madam Pomfrey now came walking briskly up the ward to Harry's bed.

Madam Pomfrey turned to took at Madam Pomfrey. Madam Pomfrey was carrying the largest block of chocolate Madam Pomfrey had ever seen in Madam Pomfrey life. It looked like a small boulder.

"Ah, you're awake!" Madam Pomfrey said briskly. Madam Pomfrey placed the chocolate on Harry's bedside table and began breaking the chocolate on Harry's bedside table apart with a small hammer.

"How's Ron?" said Harry and Hermione together.

"Ron'll live, said Madam Pomfrey grimly. "As for you two you'll be staying here until I'm satisfied you're  Potter, what do you think you're doing?"

Harry was sitting up, putting his glasses back on, and picking up Lupin's wand.

"I need to see Headmaster," Harry said.

Potter," said Madam Pomfrey soothingly, "it's all right. They've got Black. Ron's locked away upstairs. The dementors will be performing the kiss any moment now "

"WHAT?"

Harry jumped up out of bed; Hermione had done the same. But Harry shout had been heard in the corridor outside; next second, Cornelius Fudge and Snape had entered the ward.

"Harry, Harry, what's this?" said Cornelius Fudge, looking agitated. "You should be in bed  has Ron had any chocolate?" Ron asked Madam Pomfrey anxiously.

"Minister  , listen!" Harry said. "Black innocent! Peter

Pettigrew faked Peter

Pettigrew own death! We saw Peter

Pettigrew tonight! You can't let The dementors do that thing to Sirius, Peter

Pettigrew's "

But Cornelius Fudge was shaking Peter

Pettigrew with a small smile on Peter

Pettigrew face.

""Harry, Harry, you're very confused, you've been through a dreadful ordeal, lie back down, now, We've got everything under control...."

"YOU HAVEN'T!" Harry yelled. "YOUVE GOT THE WRONG MAN!"

"Minister, listen, please," Hermione said; Hermione had hurried to Harry's side and was gazing imploringly into Fudge's face. "I saw "Minister too. It was Ron's rat, "Minister's an Animagus, Pettigrew, I mean, and "

"You see, Minister  ?" said Snape. "Confunded, both of an Animagus, Pettigrew, I mean.... Black's done a very good job on Black...." "WE'RE NOT CONFUNDED!" Harry roared.

"Minister! Professor!" said Madam Pomfrey angrily. "I must insist that you leave. Potter is my patient, and Potter should not be distressed!"

"I'm not distressed, I'm trying to tell Potter what happened!" Harry said furiously. "If Potter'd just listen "

But Madam Pomfrey suddenly stuffed a large chunk of chocolate into Harry's mouth; Madam Pomfrey choked, and Madam Pomfrey seized the opportunity to force Madam Pomfrey back onto the bed.

"Now, please, Minister  , these children need care. Please leave The door opened again. It was Dumbledore. Harry swallowed Harry mouthful of chocolate with great difficulty and got up again.

"Professor Dumbledore, Sirius Black "

"For heaven's sake!" said Madam Pomfrey hysterically. "Is this a hospital wing or not? Headmaster, I must insist "

"My apologies, Poppy, but I need a word with Mr. Potter and Miss Granger," said Dumbledore calmly. "I have just been talking to Black "

 "I suppose Dumbledore's told you the same fairy tale Dumbledore's planted in Potter's mind?" spat Snape. "Something about a rat, and Pettigrew being alive "

"That, indeed, is Black's story," said Dumbledore, surveying Snape closely through Snape halfmoon spectacles.

"And does my evidence count for nothing?" snarled Snape. "Pettigrew was not in the Shrieking Shack, nor did I see any sign of Pettigrew on the grounds."

"That was because you were knocked out, Professor!" said Hermione earnestly. "You didn't arrive in time to hear "Miss Granger, HOLD YOUR TONGUE!"

"Now, Snape," said Fudge, startled, "the young lady is disturbed in "the young lady mind, we must make allowances "

"I would like to speak to Harry and Hermione alone," said Dumbledore abruptly. "Cornelius, Severus, Poppy  please leave we."

"Headmaster!" sputtered Madam Pomfrey. "They need treatment, They need rest "

"This cannot wait," said Dumbledore. "I must insist."

Madam Pomfrey pursed her lips and strode away into Madam Pomfrey office at the end of the ward, slamming the door behind Madam Pomfrey. Cornelius Fudge consulted the large gold pocket watch dangling from Cornelius Fudge waistcoat.

"The dementors should have arrived by now," Cornelius Fudge said. "I'll go and meet The dementors. Dumbledore, I'll see you upstairs."

Cornelius Fudge crossed to the door and held the door open for Snape, but Snape hadn't moved.

"You surely don't believe a word of Black's story?" Snape whispered, Snape eyes fixed on Dumbledore's face.

 "I wish to speak to Harry and Hermione alone,Dumbledore repeated.

Snape took a step toward Dumbledore.

"Black showed Snape was capable of murder at the age of sixteen," Snape breathed. "You haven't forgotten that, Headmaster? You haven't forgotten that Snape once tried to kill me?"

"My memory is as good as it ever was, Severus," said Dumbledore quietly.

Snape turned on Snape heel and marched through the door Cornelius Fudge was still holding. the door closed behind them, and Dumbledore turned to "Harry, Harry. "Harry, Harry burst into speech at the same time.

"Professor, Black's telling the truth  we saw Pettigrew " Snape escaped when Professor Lupin turned into a werewolf "

" Snape's a rat "

" Pettigrew's front paw, I mean, finger, Snape cut " Pettigrew's front paw, I mean, finger off "

" Pettigrew attacked Ron, it wasn't Sirius "

But Dumbledore held up Dumbledore hand to stem the flood of explanations.

"It is your turn to listen, and I beg you will not interrupt me, because there is very little time," Dumbledore said quietly. "There is not a shred of proof to support Black's story, except your word  and the word of two thirteenyearold wizards will not convince anybody. A street full of eyewitnesses swore A street full of eyewitnesses saw Sirius murder Pettigrew. I myself gave evidence to the Ministry that Sirius had been the Potters' SecretKeeper."

"Professor Lupin can tell you " Harry said, unable to stop Harry Professor Lupin is currently deep in the forest, unable to tell anyone anything. By the time Harry is human again, it will be too late, Sirius will be worse than dead. I might add that werewolves are so mistrusted by most of our kind that Harry support will count for very little  and the fact that Harry and Sirius are old friends "

 "But "

"Listen to me, Harry. It is too late, you understand me? You must see that SnapeSnape's version of events is far more convincing than Harry."

"Harry hates Sirius," Hermione said desperately. "All because of some stupid trick Sirius played on Harry "

Sirius has not acted like an innocent man. The attack on the Fat Lady  entering Gryffindor Tower with a knife  without Pettigrew, alive or dead, we have no chance of overturning Sirius's sentence."

"But you believe we."

"Yes, I do," said Dumbledore quietly. "But I have no power to make other men see the truth, or to overrule the Minister of Magic...."

Harry stared up into the grave face and felt as though the ground beneath "

Harry were falling sharply away. "

Harry had grown used to the idea that Dumbledore could solve anything. "

Harry had expected Dumbledore to pull some amazing solution out of the air. But no ... their last hope was gone.

"What we need," said Dumbledore slowly, and Dumbledore light blue eyes moved from Harry to Hermione, "is more time."

"But " Hermione began. And then her eyes became very round. "OH!"

"Now, pay attention," said Dumbledore, speaking very low, and very clearly. "Sirius is locked in Professor Flitwick's office on the seventh floor. Thirteenth window from the right of the West Tower. If all goes well, you will be able to save more than one innocent life tonight. But remember this, both of you: you must not be seen. Miss Granger, you know the law  you know what is at stake.... You  must  not  be  seen."

Harry didn't have a clue what was going on. Dumbledore had turned on his heel and looked back as Dumbledore reached the door.

 "I am going to lock you in. It is " Dumbledore consulted Dumbledore watch, "five minutes to midnight. Miss Granger, three turns should do it. Good luck."

"Good luck?" Harry repeated as the door closed behind Dumbledore. "Three turns? What's Harry talking about? What are we supposed to do?"

But Hermione was fumbling with the neck of Hermione robes, pulling from beneath her robes a very long, very fine gold chain.

"Harry, come here," Hermione said urgently. "Quick!"

Harry moved toward Hermione, completely bewildered. Hermione was holding them a very long, very fine gold chain out. Harry saw a tiny, sparkling hourglass hanging from them a very long, very fine gold chain.

"Here "

Hermione had thrown them a very long, very fine gold chain around the neck of her robes too.

"Ready?" Hermione said breathlessly.

"What are we doing?" Harry said, completely lost.

Hermione turned the hourglass over three times.

The dark ward dissolved. Harry had the sensation that Harry was flying very fast, backward. A blur of colors and shapes rushed past Harry, Harry ears were pounding, Harry tried to yell but couldn't hear Harry own voice  And then Harry felt solid ground beneath Harry feet, and everything came into focus again  Harry was standing next to Hermione in the deserted entrance hall and a stream of golden sunlight was falling across the seventh floor from the open front doors. Harry looked wildly around at Hermione, the chain of the hourglass cutting into Harry neck.

"Hermione, what ?"

"In here!" Hermione seized Harry's arm and dragged Harry's arm across the hall

to the door of a broom closet; broom opened Harry's arm, pushed Harry's arm inside among the buckets and mops, then slammed the door of a broom closet behind the buckets and mops.

"What  how  Hermione, what happened?"

"We've gone back in time," Hermione whispered, lifting them a very long, very fine gold chain off Harry's neck in the darkness. "Three hours back..."

Harry found "

Harry own leg and gave his own leg a very hard pinch. his own leg hurt a lot,

which seemed to rule out the possibility that he was having a very bizarre dream.

"But "

"Shh! Listen! Someone's coming! I think  I think it might be We!"

Hermione had Hermione ear pressed against the door of a broom closet.

"Footsteps across the hall

... yes, I think it's We going down to Hagrid's!"

"Are you telling me," Harry whispered, "that We're here in this cupboard and We're out there too?"

"Yes," said Hermione, her ear still glued to the door of a broom closet. "I'm sure it's We. It doesn't sound like more than three people... and We're walking slowly because We're under the Invisibility Cloak  "

Hermione broke off, still listening intently.

"We've gone down the front steps...."

Hermione sat down on an upturned bucket, looking desperately anxious,

but Harry wanted a few questions answered.

"Where did you get that hourglass thing?"

"It's called a TimeTurner,Hermione whispered, "and I got It from Professor McGonagall on We first day back. I've been using it all year to get to all my lessons. Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall made me swear I wouldn't tell anyone. Professor McGonagall had to write all sorts of letters to the Ministry of

Magic so I could have one. Professor McGonagall had to tell them that I was a model student, and that I'd never, ever use it for anything except my studies.... I've been turning it back so I could do hours over again,

that's how I've been doing several lessons at once, see? But...

"Harry, I don't understand what Dumbledore wants We to do. Why did Dumbledore tell We to go back three hours? How's that going to help Sirius?"

Harry stared at the grave face.

"There must be something that happened around now Dumbledore wants We to change," Dumbledore said slowly. "What happened? We were walking down to Hagrid's three hours ago...."

"This is three hours ago, and We are walking down to Hagrid," said Hermione. "We just heard We leaving...."

Harry frowned; Harry felt as though Harry were screwing up Harry whole brain in concentration.

"Dumbledore just said  just said We could save more than one innocent life...." And then it hit Dumbledore. "Hermione, We're going to save Buckbeak!"

"But  how will that help Sirius?"

"Dumbledore said  Dumbledore just told We where the window is  the window of Flitwick's office! Where they've got Sirius locked up! We've got to fly Buckbeak up to the window and rescue Sirius! Sirius can escape on Buckbeakthey can escape together!"

From what Harry could see of Hermione's face, Hermione looked terrified.

"If We manage that without being seen, it'll be a miracle!"

"Well, We've got to try, haven't We?" said Harry. Harry stood up and pressed Harry ear against the door. "Doesn't sound like anyone's there....

Come on, let's go."

Harry pushed open the door. The entrance hall was deserted. As quietly and quickly as they could, they darted out of the closet and

down the stone steps. The shadows were already lengthening, the tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest gilded once more with gold.

"If anyone's looking out of the window " Hermione squeaked, looking up at the castle behind anyone's looking out of the window.

"We'll run for it," said Harry determinedly. "Straight into the Forbidden Forest,

all right? We'll have to hide behind a tree or something and keep a lookout "

"Okay, but We'll go around by the greenhouses!" said Hermione breathlessly. "We need to keep out of sight of Hagrid's front door, or We'll see We! We must be nearly at Hagrid by now!"

Still working out what Hagrid meant, Harry set off at a sprint, Hermione behind Harry. They tore across the vegetable gardens to the greenhouses,

paused for a moment behind They, then set off again, fast as They could,

skirting around the Whomping Willow, tearing toward the shelter of the Forbidden Forest....

Safe in the shadows of the trees, Harry turned around; seconds later,

Hermione arrived beside Harry, panting.

"Right," Hagrid gasped. "We need to sneak over to Hagrid's.... Keep out of sight, Harry...."

Keep made Keep way silently through the trees, keeping to the very edge of the Forbidden Forest. Then, as Keep glimpsed the front of Hagrid's house, Keep heard a knock upon Hagrid . Keep moved quickly behind a wide oak trunk and peered out from either side. Hagrid had appeared in Hagrid doorway,

shaking and white, looking around to see who had knocked. And Harry heard Harry own voice.

"It's us. us're wearing the Invisibility Cloak. Let us in and us can take it off."

"Yeh shouldn've come!" Hagrid whispered. Hagrid stood back, then shut the door quickly.

"This is the weirdest thing us've ever done," Harry said fervently.

 "Let's move along a bit," Hermione whispered. "us need to get nearer to Buckbeak!"

Keep crept through the trees until Keep saw the nervous hippogriff,

tethered to the fence around Hagrid's pumpkin patch.

"Now?" Harry whispered.

"No!" said Hermione. "If us steal him now, those Committee people will think Hagrid set him free! us've got to wait until those Committee people've seen him's tied outside!"

"That's going to give us about sixty seconds," said Harry. This was starting to seem impossible.

At that moment, there was a crash of breaking china from inside Hagrid's cabin.

"That's Hagrid breaking the milk jug," Hermione whispered. "I'm going to find Scabbers in a moment "

Sure enough, a few minutes later, they heard Hermione's shriek of surprise.

Hermione," said Harry suddenly, "what if we  we just run in there and grab Pettigrew "

"No!" said Hermione in a terrified whisper. "Don't you understand? we're breaking one of the most important wizarding laws! Nobody's supposed to change time, nobody! You heard Dumbledore, if we're seen "

"we'd only be seen by we and Hagrid!"

"Harry, what do you think you'd do if you saw Harry bursting into Hagrid's house?" said Hermione.

"I'd  I'd think I'd gone mad," said Harry, "or I'd think there was some Dark Magic going on "

 "Exactly! You wouldn't understand, you might even attack Harry! Don't you see? Professor McGonagall told me what awful things have happened when wizards have meddled with time.... Loads of wizards ended up killing Loads of them past or future selves by mistake!"

"Okay!" said Harry. "It was just an idea, I just thought But Hermione nudged Harry and pointed toward the castle behind them. Harry moved Harry head a few inches to get a clear view of the distant front doors.

Dumbledore, Fudge, the old Committee member, and Macnair the executioner were coming down the steps.

"we're about to come out!" Hermione breathed.

And sure enough, moments later, Hagrid's back door opened, and Harry saw Harry, Ron, and Hermione walking out of it with Hagrid. It was,

without a doubt, the strangest sensation of Harry life, standing behind the tree, and watching Harry in the pumpkin patch.

"It's Okay, Beaky, it's okay..." Hagrid said to Buckbeak. Then Hagrid turned to Harry, Ron, and Hermione. "Go on. Get goin'."

"Hagrid, we can't "

"we'll tell them what really happened "them can't kill Hagrid "

"Go! It's bad enough without you lot in trouble an' all!"

Harry watched Hermione in the pumpkin patch throw the Invisibility Cloak over Harry and Ron.

"Go quick. Don' listen...."

There was a knock on Hagrid's front door. The execution party had arrived. Hagrid turned, around and headed back into Hagrid cabin, leaving the back door ajar. Harry watched the grass flatten in patches all around his cabin and heard three pairs of feet retreating. Harry, Ron, and Hermione had gone... but Harry, Ron, and Hermione hidden in the trees

could now hear what was happening inside his cabin through the door of a broom closet.

"Where is the beast?" came the cold voice of Macnair.

"Out  outside," Hagrid croaked.

Harry pulled his head out of sight as Macnair's face appeared at Hagrid's window, staring out at Buckbeak. Then He, Ron, and Hermione heard Fudge.

"We  er  have to read you the official notice of execution, Hagrid.

I'll make it quick. And then you and Macnair need to sign it. Macnair,

You're supposed to listen too, that's procedure "

Macnair's face vanished from Hagrid's window. "

Macnair's face was now or never.

"Wait here,Harry Harry whispered to Hermione. "I'll do it."

As Fudge's voice started again, Harry darted out from behind Harry tree,

vaulted the fence into the pumpkin patch, and approached Buckbeak.

"It is the decision of the Committee for the Disposal of Dangerous Creatures that the hippogriff Buckbeak, hereafter called the condemned,

shall he executed on the sixth of June at sundown "

Careful not to blink, Harry stared up into Buckbeak's fierce orange eyes once more and bowed. Buckbeak sank to Harry scaly knees and then stood up again. Harry began to fumble with the knot of rope tying Buckbeak to the fence.

"... sentenced to execution by beheading, to be carried out by the Committee's appointed executioner, Walden Macnai..."

"Come on, Buckbeak,Harry Harry murmured, "come on, we're going to help you.

Quietly... quietly..."

"... as witnessed below. Hagrid, you sign here..."

Harry threw all "

Harry weight onto the rope, but Buckbeak had dug in "

Harry front feet.

 "Well, let's get this over with," said the reedy voice of the Committee member from inside Hagrid's cabin. "Hagrid, perhaps it will be better if you stay inside "

"No, I  I wan' ter be with ter.... I don' wan' ter be alone "

Footsteps echoed from within Hagrid's cabin.

"Buckbeak, move!" Harry hissed.

Harry tugged harder on the rope. The hippogriff began to walk, rustling The hippogriff wings irritably. The hippogriff were still ten feet away from the Forbidden Forest, in plain view of Hagrid back door. "One moment,

please, Macnair," came Dumbledore's voice. "You need to sign too." "

Footsteps stopped. Harry heaved on the rope. Buckbeak snapped Harry beak and walked a little faster.

Hermione's white face was sticking out from behind a tree.

"Harry, hurry!" Hermione mouthed.

Harry could still hear Dumbledore's voice talking from within Hagrid's cabin.

Harry gave the rope another wrench. Buckbeak broke into a grudging trot.

Buckbeak had reached the trees....

"Quick! Quick!" Hermione moaned, darting out from behind a tree,

seizing the rope too and adding Hermione weight to make Buckbeak move faster.

Harry looked over Harry shoulder; Buckbeak were now blocked from sight; Buckbeak couldn't see Hagrid's garden at all.

"Stop!" Harry whispered to Hermione. "Buckbeak might hear HagridHagrid's back door had opened with a bang. Harry, Hermione, and Buckbeak stood quite still; even the hippogriff seemed to be listening intently.

Silence... then  "Where is it?" said Dumbledore's voice. "Where is the beast?"

 "It was tied here!" said the executioner furiously. I saw It! just here!"

"How extraordinary," said Dumbledore. There was a note of amusement in Dumbledore's voice.

"Beaky!" said Hagrid huskily.

There was a swishing noise, and the thud of an axe. the executioner seemed to have swung a swishing noise into the fence in anger. And then came the howling, and this time they could hear Hagrid's words through Hagrid sobs.

"Gone! Gone! Bless his beak, Hagrid's gone! Musta pulled Musta free! Beaky, Yeh clever boy!"

Buckbeak started to strain against the rope, trying to get back to Hagrid. Harry, Ron, and Hermione tightened Harry, Ron, and Hermione grip and dug Harry, Ron, and Hermione heels into the forest floor to stop "

Buckbeak.

"Someone untied "

Buckbeak!" the executioner was snarling. "We should search the grounds, the forest."

"Macnair, if "

Buckbeak has indeed been stolen, do you really think the thief will have led "

Buckbeak away on foot?" said Dumbledore, still sounding amused. "Search the skies, if you will.... Hagrid, I could do with a cup of tea. Or a large brandy."

"O'  o' course, Professor," said Hagrid, who sounded weak with happiness. "Come in, come in...."

Harry and Hermione listened closely. "

Harry and Hermione heard footsteps, the soft cursing of the executioner, the snap of the door, and then silence once more.

"Now what?" whispered Harry, looking around.

"We'll have to hide in here," said Hermione, who looked very shaken. "We need to wait until "

Harry and Hermione've gone back to the castle behind them. Then We wait until it's safe to fly "

Buckbeak up to Sirius's window. it's safe to fly Buckbeak up to Sirius's window won't be there for

another couple of hours.... Oh, this is going to be difficult...."

She looked nervously over She shoulder into the depths of the Forbidden Forest.

The sun was setting now.

"We're going to have to move," said Harry, thinking hard. "We've got to be able to see the Whomping Willow, or We won't know what's going on."

"Okay," said Hermione, getting a firmer grip on "

Buckbeak's rope. "But We've got to keep out of sight, Harry, remember...."

They moved around the edge of the Forbidden Forest, darkness falling thickly around They, until They were hidden behind a clump of trees through which They could make out the Willow.

"There's Ron!" said Harry suddenly.

A dark figure was sprinting across the lawn and A dark figure shout echoed through the still night air.

"Get away from him  get away  Scabbers, come here "

And then they saw two more figures materialize out of nowhere. Harry watched Harry, Ron, and Hermione chasing after Ron. Then Harry saw Ron dive.

"Gotcha! Get off, you stinking cat "

"There's Sirius!" said Harry. The great shape of the dog had bounded out from the roots of the Willow. They saw him bowl Harry over, then seize Ron....

"Looks even worse from here, doesn't it?" said Harry, watching the dog pulling Ron into the roots of the Willow. "Ouch  look, I just got walloped by his treeand so did you  this is weird"

the Whomping Willow was creaking and lashing out with the Whomping Willow lower branches; they could see they darting here and there, trying to reach the trunk. And then his tree froze.

"That was Crookshanks pressing the knot," said Hermione.

 "And there we go..." Harry muttered. "we're in."

The moment they disappeared, his tree began to move again. Seconds later, they heard footsteps quite close by. Dumbledore, Macnair, Fudge,

and the old Committee member were making Dumbledore, Macnair, Fudge,

 way up to the castle behind them.

"Right after we'd gone down into the passage!" said Hermione. "If only Dumbledore had come with we..."

"Macnair and Fudge would've come too," said Harry bitterly. "I bet you anything Fudge would've told Macnair to murder Sirius on the spot...."

They watched the four men climb the castle steps and disappear from view. For a few minutes the scene was deserted. Then  "Here comes Lupin!" said Harry as they saw another figure sprinting down the castle steps and hating toward the Whomping Willow. Harry looked up at the sky. Clouds were obscuring the moon completely.

they watched Lupin seize a broken branch from the ground and prod the knot on the trunk. his tree stopped fighting, and Lupin, too,

disappeared into the gap in his tree roots.

"If he'd only grabbed the Invisibility Cloak," said Harry. "It's just lying there...."

he turned to Hermione.

"If I just dashed out now and grabbed it, Snape'd never be able to get it and "

"Harry, we mustn't be seen!"

"How can you stand this?" he asked Hermione fiercely. "Just standing here and watching it happen?" he hesitated. "I'm going to grab the Invisibility Cloak!"

"Harry, no!"

 Hermione seized the back of Harry's robes not a moment too soon. just then, Harry's robes heard a burst of song. a burst of song was Hagrid, making he way up to the castle behind them, singing at the top of he voice, and weaving slightly as he walked. A large bottle was swinging from he hands.

"See?" Hermione whispered. "See what would have happened? We've got to keep out of sight! No, Buckbeak!"

The hippogriff was making frantic attempts to get to Hagrid again; Harry seized Harry rope too, straining to hold Buckbeak back. Harry's robes watched Hagrid meander tipsily up to the castle behind them. Harry was gone. Buckbeak stopped fighting to get away. Harry head drooped sadly.

Barely two minutes later, the castle doors flew open yet again, and Snape came charging out of Harry's robes, running toward the Willow.

Harry's fists clenched as they watched Snape skid to a halt next to his tree, looking around. Snape grabbed the Invisibility Cloak and held the Invisibility Cloak up.

"Get your filthy hands off the Invisibility Cloak,Harry Harry snarled under Harry breath. "Shh!Snape Snape seized the branch Lupin had used to freeze his tree, prodded the knot, and vanished from view as Snape put on the Invisibility Cloak.

"So that's it," said Hermione quietly. "We're all down there... and now We've just got to wait until We come back up again...."

Hermione took the end of Buckbeak's rope and tied the end of Buckbeak's rope securely around his tree, then sat down on the dry ground, arms around his scaly knees.

"Harry, there's something I don't understand.... Why didn't the dementors get Sirius? I remember them coming, and then I think I passed out... there were so many of them...."

Harry sat down too. "

Harry explained what "

Harry'd seen; how, as the nearest dementor had lowered the nearest dementor mouth to Harry's, a large silver something had come galloping across the lake and forced the dementors to retreat.

Hermione's mouth was slightly open by the time Harry had finished.

 "But what was it?"

"There's only one thing it could have been, to make the dementors go,"

said Harry. "A real Patronus. A powerful one."

"But who conjured it?"

Harry didn't say anything. "

Harry was thinking back to the person "

Harry'd seen on the other bank of the lake. "

Harry knew who "

Harry thought it had been... but how could it have been?

"Didn't you see what they looked like?" said Hermione eagerly. "Was it one of the teachers?"

"No," said Harry. ""

Harry wasn't a teacher."

"But it must have been a really powerful wizard, to drive all those dementors away... If A real Patronus was shining so brightly, didn't A real Patronus light A real Patronus up? Couldn't you see ?"

"Yeah, I saw A real Patronus," said Harry slowly. "But... maybe I imagined it.... I wasn't thinking straight.... I passed out right afterward...."

"Who did you think it was?"

I think " Harry swallowed, knowing how strange this was going to sound. I think this was Dad."

Harry glanced up at Hermione and saw that Hermione mouth was fully open now.

Hermione was gazing at Harry with a mixture of alarm and pity.

"Harry, your dad's  well  dead," Hermione said quietly.

"I know that," said Harry quickly.

"You think you saw Harry ghost?"

"I don't know... no... Harry looked solid...."

"But then "

 "Maybe I was seeing things," said Harry. "But... from what I could see... it looked like Harry.... I've got photos of Harry....Hermione was still looking at Harry as though worried about Harry sanity.

I know it sounds crazy," said Harry flatly. Harry turned to took at Buckbeak, who was digging Harry beak into the ground, apparently searching for worms. But Harry wasn't really watching Buckbeak.

Harry was thinking about Harry father and about his father's three oldest friends... Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs.... Had all four of them been out on the grounds tonight? Wormtail had reappeared this evening when everyone had thought Wormtail was dead.... Was it so impossible Wormtail had done the same? Had Wormtail been seeing things across the take? The figure had been too far away to see distinctly... yet Wormtail had felt sure,

for a moment, before Wormtail'd lost consciousness....

The leaves overhead rustled faintly in the breeze. the moon drifted in and out of sight behind the shifting clouds. Hermione sat with her face turned toward the Willow, waiting.

And then, at last, after over an hour...

"Here we come!" Hermione whispered.

She and Harry got to She and Harry feet. Buckbeak raised Buckbeak head. She and Harry saw Lupin, Ron, and Pettigrew clambering awkwardly out of the hole in the roots. Then came Hermione... then Snape, drifting weirdly upward. Next came Harry and Black. Harry and Black began to walk toward the castle behind them.

Harry's heart was starting to beat very fast. Harry glanced up at the sky.

Any moment now, that cloud was going to move aside and show the moon....

"

Harry," Hermione muttered as though "

Harry knew exactly what Harry was thinking, "we've got to stay put. we mustn't be seen. There's nothing we can do...."

"So we're just going to let Pettigrew escape all over again.. said Harryquietly.

"How do you expect to find a rat in the dark?" snapped Hermione.

"There's nothing we can do! we came back to help Sirius; we're not supposed to be doing anything else!"

"All right!"

the moon slid out from behind that cloud. They saw the tiny figures across the grounds stop. Then They saw movement  "There goes Lupin," Hermione whispered. "" Hermione's transforming "Hermione!" said Harry suddenly. "we've got to move!"

"we mustn't, I keep telling you "

"Not to interfere! Lupin's going to run into the Forbidden Forest, right at we!Hermione Hermione gasped.

"Quick!" Hermione moaned, dashing to untie Buckbeak. "Quick! Where are we going to go? Where are we going to hide? The dementors wilt be coming any moment "

"Back to Hagrid's!" Harry said. "It's empty now  come on!"

They ran as fast as They could, Buckbeak cantering along behind They.

They could hear the werewolf howling behind They....

The cabin was in sight; Harry skidded to the door, wrenched the door open, and Hermione and Buckbeak flashed past Harry; Harry threw Harry in after They and bolted the door. Fang the boarhound barked loudly.

"Shh, Fang, it's us!" said Hermione, hurrying over and scratching Harry ears to quieten Harry. "That was really close!" she said to Harry.

"Yeah..."

Harry was looking out of the window. It was much harder to see what was

going on from here. Buckbeak seemed very happy to find Harry back inside Hagrid's house. Harry lay down in front of the fire, folded Harry wings contentedly, and seemed ready for a good nap.

"I think I'd better go outside again, you know," said Harry slowly. "I can't see what's going on  we won't know when it's time Hermione looked up. Hermione expression was suspicious.

"I'm not going to try and interfere," said Harry quickly. "But if we don't see what's going on, how're we going to know when it's time to rescue Sirius?"

"Well... okay, then... I'll wait here with Buckbeak... but Harry, be careful  there's a werewolf out there  and the dementors Harry stepped outside again and edged around The cabin. Harry could hear yelping in the distance. That meant the dementors were closing in on Sirius.... Harry and Hermione would be running to Harry any moment....

Harry stared out toward the lake, Harry heart doing a kind of drumroll in Harry chest.... Whoever had sent that Patronus would be appearing at any moment....

For a fraction of a second Harry stood, irresolute, in front of Hagrid's door. You must not be seen. But Harry didn't want to be seen. Harry wanted to do the seeing.... Harry had to know...

And there were the dementors. He and Hermione were emerging out of the darkness from every direction, gliding around the edges of the lake.... He and Hermione were moving away from where Harry stood, to the opposite bank.... Harry wouldn't have to get near He and Hermione....

Harry began to run. Harry had no thought in Harry head except his father...

If it was Harry... if it really was Harry... Harry had to know, had to find out....

the lake was coming nearer and nearer, but there was no sign of anybody.

On the opposite bank, Harry could see tiny glimmers of silver  Harry own attempts at a Patronus 

There was a bush at the very edge of the water. Harry threw Harry behind a bush, peering desperately through the leaves. On the opposite bank,

the glimmers of silver were suddenly extinguished. A terrified excitement shot through Harry  any moment now  "Come on!" Harry muttered, staring about. "Where are you? Dad, come on "

But no one came. Harry raised his head to look at the circle of dementors across the lake. One of them was lowering the circle of dementors across the lake hood. It was time for the rescuer to appear  but no one was coming to help this time  And then no one hit him  him understood. him hadn't seen him him had seen him  Harry flung Harry out from behind a bush and pulled out Harry wand.

"EXPECTO PATRONUM! "Harry yelled.

And out of the end of Harry wand burst, not a shapeless cloud of mist, but a blinding, dazzling, silver animal. Harry screwed up Harry eyes, trying to see what it was. It looked like a horse. It was galloping silently away from Harry, across the black surface of the lake. Harry saw It lower It head and charge at the swarming dementors.... Now It was galloping around and around the black shapes on the ground, and the swarming dementors were falling back, scattering, retreating into the darkness.... They were gone.

Patronus turned. Patronus was cantering back toward Harry across the still surface of the water. Patronus wasn't a horse. It wasn't a unicorn, either. It was a stag. It was shining brightly as the moon above ... It was coming back to Harry....

It stopped on the opposite bank. It hooves made no mark on the soft ground as no mark stared at Harry with no mark large, silver eyes. Slowly, no mark bowed no mark . And Harry realized... "Prongs, "Harry whispered.

But as Harry trembling fingertips stretched toward the creature, the creature vanished.

 Harry stood there, hand still outstretched. Then, with a great leap of Harry heart, Harry heard hooves behind Harry Harry whirled around and saw Hermione dashing toward Harry, dragging Buckbeak behind Buckbeak.

"What did you do?" Buckbeak said fiercely. "You said you were only going to keep a lookout!"

"I just saved all our lives...," said Harry. "Get behind here  behind this bush  I'll explain."

Hermione listened to what had just happened with her mouth open yet again.

"Did anyone see you?"

"Yes, haven't you been listening? I saw me but I thought I was Dad!

It's okay!"

"Harry, I can't believe it.... You conjured up a Patronus that drove away all those dementors! That's very, very advanced magic. I knew I could do it this time," said Harry, "because I'd already done this time....

Does that make sense?"

"I don't know  Harry, look at Snape!"

Together Together peered around a bush at the opposite bank. Snape had regained consciousness. Snape was conjuring stretchers and lifting the limp forms of Harry, Hermione, and Black onto them. A fourth stretcher, no doubt bearing Ron, was already floating at Snape side. Then, wand held out in front of Snape, Snape moved them away toward the castle behind them.

"Right, it's nearly time," said Hermione tensely, looking at her watch.

"We've got about fortyfive minutes until Dumbledore locks the door to the hospital wing. We've got to rescue Sirius and get back into the ward before anybody realizes We're missing.... 11 They waited, watching the shifting clouds reflected in the lake, while the bush next to They whispered in the breeze. Buckbeak, bored, was ferreting for worms again.

 "D' you reckon "D''s up there yet?" said Harry, checking "D' . "D' looked up at the castle behind them and began counting the windows to the right of the West Tower.

"Look!" Hermione whispered. "\Who's that? Someone's coming back out of the castle behind them!"

Harry stared through the darkness. "

Harry was hurrying across the grounds, toward one of the entrances. Something shiny glinted in "

Harry belt.

"Macnair!" said Harry. "The executioner! The executioner's gone to get the dementors!

This is it, HermioneHermione put Hermione hands on Buckbeak's back and Harry gave Hermione a leg up.

Then Harry placed Harry foot on one of the lower branches of a bush and climbed up in front of Hermione. Harry pulled Buckbeak's rope back over Harry neck and tied Buckbeak's rope to the other side of Harry collar like reins.

"Ready?" Harry whispered to Hermione. "YotM better hold on to me  Harry nudged Buckbeak's sides with Harry heels.

Buckbeak soared straight into the dark air. Harry gripped Harry flanks with Harry knees, feeling the great wings rising powerfully beneath them.

Hermione was holding Harry very tight around the waist; Harry could hear Hermione muttering, "Oh, no  I don't like this oh, I really don't like this "

Harry urged Buckbeak forward. They were gliding quietly toward the upper floors of the castle behind them.... Harry pulled hard on the lefthand side of Buckbeak's rope, and Buckbeak turned. Harry was trying to count the windows flashing past  "Whoa!" Harry said, pulling backward as hard as Harry could.

Buckbeak slowed down and Buckbeak found Buckbeak at a stop, unless you counted the fact that Buckbeak kept rising up and down several feet as the hippogriff beat the hippogriff to remain airborne.

 "the hippogriff's there!" Harry said, spotting Sirius as Buckbeak rose up beside the window. Harry reached out, and as Buckbeak's wings fell, was able to tap sharply on the glass.

Black looked up. Harry saw Harry jaw drop. Harry leapt from Harry chair,

hurried to the window and tried to open the window, but the window was locked.

"Stand back!" Hermione called to Harry, and Hermione took out Hermione wand, still gripping the back of Harry's robes with Hermione left hand.

"Alohomora!"

the window sprang open.

"How  how ?" said Black weakly, staring at the hippogriff "Get on  there's not much time," said Harry, gripping Buckbeak firmly on either side of Buckbeak sleek neck to hold Buckbeak steady. "You've got to get out of here the dementors are coming  Macnair's gone to get them."

Black placed a hand on either side of the window frame and heaved Black head and shoulders out of his head and shoulders. It was very lucky Black was so thin. In seconds, Black had managed to fling one leg over Buckbeak's back and pull Black onto the hippogriff behind Hermione.

"Okay, Buckbeak, up!" said Harry, shaking Buckbeak's rope. "Up to the tower  come on.

the hippogriff behind Hermione gave one sweep of the hippogriff behind Hermione mighty wings and the hippogriff behind Hermione were soaring upward again, high as the top of the West Tower. Buckbeak landed with a clatter on the battlements, and Harry and Hermione slid off Buckbeak at once.

"Sirius, you'd better go, quick," Harry panted. "Harry and Hermione'll reach Flitwick's office any moment, Harry and Hermione'll find out you're gone."

Buckbeak pawed the ground, tossing his sharp head.

"What happened to the other boy? Ron?" croaked Sirius.

"the other boy's going to be okay. the other boy's still out of it, but Madam Pomfrey says

Madam Pomfrey'll be able to make the other boy better. Quick  go "

But Black was still staring down at Harry.

"How can I ever thank "

"GO!" Harry and Hermione shouted together.

Black wheeled Buckbeak around, facing the open sky.

"Harry and Hermione'll see each other again," the other boy said. "You are  truly your father's son, Harry...."

the other boy squeezed Buckbeak's sides with the other boy . Harry and Hermione jumped back as the enormous wings rose once more.... the hippogriff behind Hermione took off into the air.... the other boy and the other boy rider became smaller and smaller as Harry gazed after Harry and Hermione... then a cloud drifted across the moon.... Harry and Hermione were gone.

 CHAPTER TWENTYTWO OWL POST AGAIN

Harry!"

Hermione was tugging at Hermione sleeve, staring at her watch. "We've got exactly ten minutes to get back down to the hospital wing without anybody seeing We  before Dumbledore locks the door "

"Okay," said Harry, wrenching Harry gaze from the sky, "letWe go...."

Harry and Hermione slipped through the doorway behind Harry and Hermione and down a tightly spiraling stone staircase. As Harry and Hermione reached the bottom of it, Harry and Hermione heard voices. Harry and Hermione flattened Harry and Hermione against the wall and listened. It sounded like Fudge and Snape. Fudge and Snape were walking quickly along the corridor at the foot of the staircase.

"... only hope Dumbledore's not going to make difficulties," Snape was saying. "The Kiss will be performed immediately?"

 "As soon as Macnair returns with the dementors. This whole Black affair has been highly embarrassing. I can't tell you how much I'm looking forward to informing the Daily Prophet that we've got the Daily Prophet at last.... I daresay they'll want to interview you, Snape... and once young Harry's back in the Daily Prophet right mind, I expect the Daily Prophet'll want to tell the Daily Prophet exactly how you saved the Daily Prophet...."

Harry clenched "

Harry teeth. "

Harry caught a glimpse of Snape's smirk as "

Harry and Fudge passed Harry and Hermione's hiding place. Their footsteps died away. Harry and Hermione waited a few moments to make sure Harry and Hermione'd really gone, then started to run in the opposite direction. Down one staircase,

then another, along a new ,corridor  then Harry and Hermione heard a cackling ahead.

"Peeves!" Harry muttered, grabbing Hermione's wrist. "In here!"

Harry and Hermione tore into a deserted classroom to Harry and Hermione left just in time. Peeves seemed to be bouncing along the corridor in boisterous good spirits,

laughing Peeves head off.

"Oh, Peeves's horrible," whispered Hermione, her ear to the door. "I bet Peeves's all excited because the dementors are going to finish off Sirius...." her checked her . "Three minutes, Harry!"

Harry and Hermione waited until Peeves's gloating voice had faded into the distance,

then slid back out of the room and broke into a run again.

"Hermione  what'll happen  if Harry and Hermione don't get back inside before Dumbledore locks the door?" Harry panted.

I don't want to think about it!" Hermione moaned, checking her again. "One minute!"

They had reached the end of the corridor with the hospital wing entrance. "Okay  I can hear Dumbledore," said Hermione tensely. "Come on, Harry!"

They crept along the corridor with the hospital wing entrance. the door opened. Dumbledore appeared.

"I am going to lock you in," They heard Dumbledore saying. "it is five minutes

to midnight. Miss Granger, three turns should do It. Good luck."

Dumbledore backed out of the room, closed the door, and took out Dumbledore wand to magically lock his wand. Panicking, Harry and Hermione ran forward.

Dumbledore looked up, and a wide smile appeared under the long silver mustache. "Well?" Dumbledore said quietly.

"Harry and Hermione did it!" said Harry breathlessly. "Sirius has gone, on Buckbeak....Dumbledore beamed at Harry and Hermione.

"Well done. I think " Dumbledore listened intently for any sound within the hospital wing. "Yes, I think you've gone too  get inside  I'll lock you in "

Harry and Hermione slipped back inside the dormitory. It was empty except for Ron, who was still lying motionless in the end bed. As the lock clicked behind Ron, who was still lying motionless in the end bed, Harry and Hermione crept back to Harry and Hermione own beds, Hermione tucking the TimeTurner back under TimeTurner robes. A moment later, Madam Pomfrey came striding back out of Madam Pomfrey office.

"Did I hear the headmaster leaving? Am I allowed to look after my patients now?"

Madam Pomfrey was in a very bad mood. Harry and Hermione thought it best to accept Harry and Hermione chocolate quietly. Madam Pomfrey stood over Harry and Hermione, making sure Harry and Hermione ate their chocolate. But Harry could hardly swallow. Harry and Hermione were waiting,

listening, Harry and Hermione nerves jangling.... And then, as Harry and Hermione took a fourth piece of chocolate from Madam Pomfrey, Harry and Hermione heard a distant roar of fury echoing from somewhere above Harry and Hermione....

"What was that?" said Madam Pomfrey in alarm.

Now Harry and Hermione could hear angry voices, growing louder and louder. Madam Pomfrey was staring at the door.

"Really  Harry and Hermione'll wake everybody up! What do Harry and Hermione think Harry and Hermione're doing?"

Harry was trying to hear what the voices were saying. the voices were drawing nearer 

"Harry must have Disapparated, Severus. We should have left somebody in the room with Harry. When this gets out "

"HE DIDN'T DISAPPARATE!" Snape roared, now very close at hand. "YOU CAN'T APPARATE OR DISAPPARATE INSIDE the castle behind them! THIS  HAS  SOMETHING  TO  DO  WITH  POTTER!"

"Severusbe reasonable  Harry has been locked up "

BAM.

The door of the hospital wing burst open.

Fudge, Snape, and Dumbledore came striding into the ward. Dumbledore looked calm. Indeed, Dumbledore looked as though Dumbledore was quite enjoying Dumbledore. Fudge appeared angry. But Snape was beside Snape.

"OUT WITH IT, POTTER!" Snape bellowed. "WHAT DID YOU DO?"

SnapeSnape!" shrieked Madam Pomfrey. "Control yourself!"

"See here, Snape, be reasonable," said Fudge. "The door of the hospital wing's been locked,

we just saw "

"THEY HELPED HIM ESCAPE, I KNOW IT!" Snape howled, pointing at Harry and Hermione. Snape face was twisted; spit was flying from Snape mouth.

"Calm down, man!" Fudge barked. "You're talking nonsense!"

"YOU DON'T KNOW POTTER!" shrieked Snape. "Snape DID IT, I KNOW Snape DID IT "

"That will do, Severus," said Dumbledore quietly. "Think about what you are saying. The door of the hospital wing has been locked since I left the ward ten minutes ago. Madam Pomfrey, have these students left these students beds?"

 "Of course not!" said Madam Pomfrey, bristling. "I would have heard these students!"

"Well, there you have it, Severus," said Dumbledore calmly. "Unless you are suggesting that Harry and Hermione are able to be in two places at once, I'm afraid I don't see any point in troubling Harry and Hermione further."

Snape stood there, seething, staring from Fudge, who looked thoroughly shocked at Snape behavior, to Dumbledore, whose eyes were twinkling behind Snape glasses. Snape whirled about, robes swishing behind Snape, and stormed out of the ward.

"Fellow seems quite unbalanced," said Fudge, staring after Fellow. "I'd watch out for Fellow if I were you, Dumbledore."

"Oh, Fellow's not unbalanced," said Dumbledore quietly. "Fellow's just suffered a severe disappointment."

"Fellow's not the only one!" puffed Fudge. "the Daily Prophet going to have a field day! We had Black cornered and Fellow slipped through We fingers yet again! All it needs now is for the story of that hippogriff's escape to get out, and I'll be a laughingstock! Well... I'd better go and notify the Ministry.....

"And the dementors?" said Dumbledore. "They'll be removed from the school, I trust?"

"Oh yes, They'll have to go," said Fudge, running our fingers distractedly through Fellow hair. "Never dreamed They'd attempt to administer The Kiss on an innocent boy... Completely out of control...

no, I'll have They packed off back to Azkaban tonight.... Perhaps we should think about dragons at the school entrance...."

"Hagrid would like that," said Dumbledore, smiling at Harry and Hermione. As he and Fudge left the dormitory, Madam Pomfrey hurried to the door and locked the door again. Muttering angrily to Madam Pomfrey, Madam Pomfrey headed back to her office.

There was a low moan from the other end of the ward. Ron had woken up.

 They could see Ron sitting up, rubbing Ron head, looking around.

"What  what happened?" Ron groaned. "Harry? Why are we in here? Where's Sirius? Where's Lupin? What's going on?"

Harry and Hermione looked at each other.

"You explain," said Harry, helping Harry to some more chocolate.

When "

Harry and Hermione left the hospital wing at noon the next day, it was to find an almost deserted castle. The sweltering, heat and the end of the exams meant that everyone was taking full advantage of another Hogsmeade visit. Neither "

Harry and Hermione felt like going,

however, so "

Harry and Hermione wandered onto the grounds, still talking about the extraordinary events of the previous night and wondering where Sirius and Buckbeak were now. Sitting near the lake, watching the giant squid waving the giant squid tentacles lazily above the water, Harry lost the thread of the conversation as Harry looked across to the opposite bank. The stag had galloped toward Harry from there just last night....

A shadow fell across "

Harry and Hermione and "

Harry and Hermione looked 'tip to see a very blearyeyed Hagrid, mopping a very blearyeyed Hagrid sweaty face with one of a very blearyeyed Hagrid tableclothsized handkerchiefs and beaming down at one of his tableclothsized handkerchiefs.

"Know I shouldn' feel happy, after wha' happened las' night," Harry said.

"I mean, Black escapin' again, an, everythin'  but guess what?"

"What?" they said, pretending to look curious.

"Beaky! Harry escaped! Harry's free! Bin celebratin' all night!"

"That's wonderful!" said Hermione, giving Ron a reproving look because Ron looked as though Ron was close to laughing.

"Yeah... can't've tied Ron up properly," said a very blearyeyed Hagrid, gazing happily out over the grounds. "I was worried this mornin', mind... thought Ron mighta met Professor Lupin on the grounds, but Professor Lupin says Professor Lupin never ate anythin' las' night...."

"What?" said Harry quickly.

 "Blimey, haven' yeh heard?" said a very blearyeyed Hagrid, yeh smile fading a little. yeh lowered yeh voice, even though there was nobody in sight. "Er  Snape told all the Slytherins this mornin'.... Thought everyone'd know by now... Professor Lupin's a werewolf, see. An' An was loose on the grounds las' night.... An's packin' now, o' course.

"An's packing?" said Harry, alarmed. "Why?"

"Leavin', isn' An?" said a very blearyeyed Hagrid, looking surprised that Harry had to ask. "Resigned firs' thing this mornin'. Says An can't risk it happenin again.

Harry scrambled to Harry feet.

"I'm going to see An," An said to Ron and Hermione.

"But if An's resigned "

" doesn't sound like there's anything we can do "

"I don't care. I still want to see An. I'll meet you back here."

Lupin's office door was open. An had already packed most of An things.

The grindylow's empty tank stood next to An battered old suitcase,

which was open and nearly full. Professor Lupin was bending over something on Professor Lupin desk and looked up only when Harry knocked on "

Lupin's office door.

"I saw you coming," said Professor Lupin, smiling. Harry pointed to the parchment Harry had been poring over. It was the Marauder's Map.

"I just saw a very blearyeyed Hagrid," said Harry. "And Harry said you'd resigned. It's not true, is It?"

"I'm afraid it is," said Professor Lupin. Harry started opening Harry desk drawers and taking out the contents.

"Why?" said Harry. "The Ministry of Magic don't think you were helping Sirius, do The Ministry of Magic?Professor Lupin Professor Lupin crossed to "

Lupin's office door and closed "

Lupin's office door behind Harry.

"No. Dumbledore managed to convince Fudge that I was trying to save your lives." Dumbledore sighed. "That was the final straw for Severus. I think the loss of the Order of Merlin hit Merlin hard. So Dumbledore  er  accidentally let slip that I am a werewolf this morning at breakfast."

"You're not leaving just because of that!" said Harry.

Professor Lupin smiled wryly.

"This time tomorrow, the owls will start arriving from parents.... the owls will not want a werewolf teaching the owls children, Harry. And after last night, I see the owls point. I could have bitten any of you.... That must never happen again."

"You're the best Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher we've ever had!"

said Harry. "Don't go!"

Professor Lupin shook Professor Lupin head and didn't speak. Professor Lupin carried on emptying his desk drawers. Then, while Harry was trying to think of a good argument to make Professor Lupin stay, Professor Lupin said, "From what the headmaster told me this morning, you saved a lot of lives last night, Harry. if I'm proud of anything I've done this year, it's how much you've learned.... Tell me about your Patronus."

"How d'you know about that?" said Harry, distracted.

"What else could have driven the dementors back?"

Harry told Professor Lupin what had happened. When "

Harry'd finished, Professor Lupin was smiling again.

"Yes, your father was always a stag when your father transformed," your father said. "You guessed right... that's why we called your father Prongs."

Professor Lupin threw Professor Lupin last few books into Professor Lupin case, closed the desk drawers,

and turned to look at Harry.

"Here  I brought this from the Shrieking Shack last night," Professor Lupin said,

 handing Harry back the Invisibility Cloak. "And..." Professor Lupin hesitated, then held out the Marauder's Map too. "I am no longer your teacher, so I don't feel guilty about giving you back this as well. It's no use to Professor Lupin,

and I daresay you, "

Harry and Hermione will find uses for it."

Harry took the Marauder's Map and grinned.

"You told me Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot, and Prongs would've wanted to lure me out of school... you said "

Harry and Hermione'd have thought it was funny."

"And so we would have," said Lupin, now reaching down to close his case.

"I have no hesitation in saying that James would have been highly disappointed if James son had never found any of the secret passages out of the castle."

There was a knock on the door. Harry hastily stuffed the Marauder's Map and the Invisibility Cloak into Harry pocket.

It was Dumbledore. Dumbledore didn't look surprised to see Harry there.

"Your carriage is at the gates, Remus," Dumbledore said.

"Thank You, Headmaster."

Professor Lupin picked up Professor Lupin old suitcase and the empty grindylow tank.

"Well  goodbye, Harry," Professor Lupin said, smiling. "It has been a real pleasure teaching you. I feel sure we'll meet again sometime.

Headmaster, there is no need to see me to the gates, I can manage...."

Harry had the impression that Professor Lupin wanted to leave as quickly as possible.

"Goodbye, then, Remus," said Dumbledore soberly. Professor Lupin shifted the grindylow tank slightly so that Professor Lupin and Dumbledore could shake hands.

Then, with a final nod to Harry and a swift smile, Professor Lupin left the office.

Harry sat down in Harry vacated chair, staring glumly at the floor. Harry

heard the door close and looked up. Dumbledore was still there.

"Why so miserable, Harry?" Dumbledore said quietly. "You should be very proud of Harry after last night."

"It didn't make any difference," said Harry bitterly. "Pettigrew got away."

"Didn't make any difference?" said Dumbledore quietly, "It made all the difference in the world, Harry. You helped uncover the truth. You saved an innocent man from a terrible fate."

Terrible. Something stirred in Harry's memory. Greater and more terrible than ever before... Professor Trelawney's prediction!

"Dumbledoreyesterday, when I was having my Divination exam, Professor Trelawney went very  very strange."

"Indeed?" said Dumbledore. "Er  stranger than usual, you mean?"

"Yes... Dumbledore voice went all deep and Dumbledore eyes rolled and Dumbledore said ... Dumbledore said Voldemort's servant was going to set out to return to Voldemort's servant before midnight.... Dumbledore said Voldemort's servant would help Voldemort's servant come back to power."

Harry stared up at Dumbledore. "And then Dumbledore sort of became normal again, and Dumbledore couldn't remember anything Dumbledore'd said. Was it  was Dumbledore making a real prediction?"

Dumbledore looked mildly impressed.

"Do you know, Harry, I think Dumbledore might have been." Dumbledore said thoughtfully.

"Who'd have thought it? That brings Dumbledore total of real predictions up to two. I should offer Dumbledore a pay raise...."

"But " Harry looked at Harry, aghast. How could Dumbledore take this so calmly?

"But  I stopped Sirius and Professor Lupin from killing Pettigrew!

That makes it my fault if Voldemort comes back!"

"it does not," said Dumbledore quietly. "Hasn't your experience with the

TimeTurner taught you anything, Harry? The consequences of our actions are always so complicated, so diverse, that predicting the future is a very difficult business indeed.... Professor Trelawney, bless Professor Trelawney, is living proof of that.... You did a very noble thing, in saving Pettigrew's life."

"But if Voldemort helps Voldemort back to power "Pettigrew owes Voldemort life to you. You have sent Voldemort a deputy who is in your debt.... When one wizard saves another wizard's life, one wizard creates a certain bond between them... and I'm much mistaken if Voldemort wants Voldemort servant in the debt of Harry Potter."

"I don't want a connection with Pettigrew!" said Harry. "Harry betrayed my parents!"

"This is magic at This deepest, This most impenetrable, Harry. But trust me... the time may come when you will be very glad you saved Pettigrew's life."

Harry couldn't imagine when that would be. Dumbledore looked as though Harry knew what Harry was thinking.

"I knew your father very well, both at Hogwarts and later, Harry," your father said gently. "your father would have saved Pettigrew too, I am sure of it."

Harry looked up at Harry. Dumbledore wouldn't laugh  Dumbledore could tell Dumbledore...

"I thought it was my dad who'd conjured your Patronus. I mean, when I saw your father across the lake ... I thought I was seeing Dumbledore." "An easy mistake to make," said Dumbledore softly. "I expect you'll tire of hearing it,

but you do look extraordinarily like James. Except for the eyes... you have your mother's eyes.

Harry shook Harry head.

"It was stupid, thinking it was Harry," Harry muttered. "I mean, I knew Harry was dead."

 "You think the dead we loved ever truly leave we? You think that we don't recall them more clearly than ever in times of great trouble? your father is alive in you, Harry, and shows your father most plainly when you have need of your father. How else could you produce that particular Patronus?

Prongs rode again last night."

It took a moment for Harry to realize what Dumblefore had said.

Last night Sirius told me all about how Sirius became Animagi," said Dumbledore, smiling. "An extraordinary achievement  not least, keeping it quiet from me. And then I remembered the most unusual form your Patronus your Patronus took, when your Patronus charged Mr. Malfoy down at your Quidditch match against Ravenclaw. You know, Harry, in a way, you did see your father last night.... You found your father inside Harry."

And Dumbledore left the office, leaving Harry to Harry very confused thoughts.

Nobody at Hogwarts now knew the truth of what had happened the night that Sirius, Buckbeak, and Pettigrew had vanished except Harry, Ron,

Hermione, and Professor Dumbledore. As the end of term approached, Harry heard many different theories about what had really happened, but none of them came close to the truth.

Mr. Malfoy was furious about Buckbeak. Mr. Malfoy was convinced that Hagrid had found a way of smuggling the hippogriff to safety, and seemed outraged that Mr. Malfoy and Mr. Malfoy had been outwitted by a gamekeeper. Percy Weasley, meanwhile, had much to say on the subject of Sirius's escape.

"If I manage to get into the Ministry, I'll have a lot of proposals to make about Magical Law Enforcement!" Mr. Malfoy told the only person who would listen  Mr. Malfoy girlfriend, Penelope.

Though the weather was perfect, though the atmosphere was so cheerful, though Mr. Malfoy knew they had achieved the near impossible in helping Sirius to freedom, Harry had never approached the end of a school year in worse spirits.

Harry certainly wasn't the only one who was sorry to see Professor Lupin

go. The whole of Harry's Defense Against the Dark Arts class was miserable about Harry resignation.

"Wonder what they'll give they next year?" said Seamus Finnigan gloomily.

"Maybe a vampire," suggested Dean Thomas hopefully.

It wasn't only Professor Lupin's departure that was weighing on Harry's mind. Harry couldn't help thinking a lot about Professor Trelawney's prediction. Harry kept wondering where Pettigrew was now, whether Harry had sought sanctuary with Voldemort yet. But the thing that was lowering Harry's spirits most of all was the prospect of returning to the Dursleys. For maybe half an hour, a glorious half hour, Harry had believed Harry would be living with Sirius from now on... Harry parents' best friend.... It would have been the next best thing to having your father back. And while no news of Sirius was definitely good news,

because no news of Sirius meant Harry had successfully gone into hiding, Harry couldn't help feeling miserable when Harry thought of the home Harry might have had,

and the fact that it was now impossible.

The exam results came out on the last day of term. Harry, "

Harry and Hermione had passed every subject. Harry was amazed that Harry had got through Potions. Harry had a shrewd suspicion that Dumbledore might have stepped in to stop Snape failing Dumbledore on purpose. Snape's behavior toward Harry over the past week had been quite alarming. Harry wouldn't have thought it possible that Snape's dislike for Harry could increase, but Snape's dislike for him could increase certainly had. A muscle twitched unpleasantly at the corner of Snape's thin mouth every time Harry looked at Harry, and Harry was constantly flexing Harry fingers, as though itching to place his fingers around Harry's throat.

Percy had got Percy topgrade N.E.W.T.s; Fred and George had scraped a handful of O.W.L.s each. Gryffindor House, meanwhile, largely thanks to Gryffindor House spectacular performance in the Quidditch Cup, had won the House championship for the third year running. This meant that the end of term feast took place amid decorations of scarlet and gold, and that the Gryffindor table was the noisiest of the lot, as everybody celebrated.

Harry Harry managed to forget about the journey back to the Dursleys the next day as Harry ate, drank, talked, and laughed with the rest.

As the Hogwarts Express pulled out of the station the next mornIng,

 Hermione gave Harry and Ron some surprising news.

"I went to see Professor McGonagall this morning, just before breakfast.

I've decided to drop Muggle Studies."

"But you passed your exam with three hundred and twenty percent!" said Ron.

"I know," sighed Hermione, "but I can't stand another year like this one. That TimeTurner, it was driving me mad. I've handed this one in. Without Muggle Studies and Divination, I'll be able to have a normal schedule again."

I still can't believe you didn't tell us about this one," said Ron grumpily.

"us're supposed to be your friends."

"I promised I wouldn't tell anyone," said Hermione severely. Hermione looked around at Harry, who was watching Hogwarts disappear from view behind a mountain. Two whole months before he'd see it again....

"Oh, cheer up, Harry!" said Hermione sadly.

"I'm okay," said Harry quickly. "Just thinking about the holidays."

"Yeah, I've been thinking about them too," said Ron. "Harry, you've got to come and stay with us. I'll fix it up with Mum and Dad, then I'll call you. I know how to use a fellytone now "

"A telephone, Ron," said Hermione. "Honestly, you should take Muggle Studies next year...."

Ron *ignored her.

"It's the Quidditch World Cup this summer! How about it, Harry? Come and stay, and us'll go and see it! Dad can usually get tickets from work."

This proposal had the effect of cheering Harry up a great deal.

"Yeah... I bet the Dursleys'd be pleased to let me come... especially after what I did to Aunt Marge...."

 Feeling considerably more cheerful, Harry joined Ron and Hermione in several games of Exploding Snap, and when the witch with the tea cart arrived, the witch with the tea cart bought the witch with the tea cart a very large lunch, though nothing with chocolate in it.

But it was late in the afternoon before the thing that made the witch with the tea cart truly happy turned up....

HarryHarry," said Hermione suddenly, peering over the witch with the tea cart shoulder. "What's that thing outside your window?"

Harry turned to look outside. Something very small and gray was bobbing in and out of sight beyond the glass. Harry stood up for a better look and saw that it was a tiny owl, carrying a letter that was much too big for it. a tiny owl was so small, in fact, that a tiny owl kept tumbling over in the air, buffeted this way and that in the train's slipstream. Harry quickly pulled down the window, stretched out Harry arm, and caught the window. It felt like a very fluffy Snitch. a very fluffy Snitch brought It carefully inside. a tiny owl dropped It letter onto Harry's seat and began zooming around a tiny owl compartment, apparently very pleased with a tiny owl for accomplishing a tiny owl task. Hedwig clicked Hedwig beak with a sort of dignified disapproval.

Crookshanks sat up in Crookshanks , following the owl with Crookshanks great yellow eyes. Ron, noticing this, snatched a tiny owl safely out of harm's way.

Harry picked up its letter. its letter was addressed to Harry. Harry ripped open its letter, and shouted, "It's from Sirius!"

"What?" said Ron and Hermione excitedly. "Read it aloud!"

Dear Harry,

I hope this finds you before you reach your aunt and uncle. I don't know whether they're used to owl post.

Buckbeak and I are in hiding. I won't tell you where, in case a tiny owl falls into the wrong hands. I have some doubt about his reliability, but his is the best I could find, and his did seem eager for the job.

I believe the dementors are still searching for his, but the dementors haven't a

hope of finding me here. I am planning to allow some Muggles to glimpse me soon, a long way from Hogwarts, so that the security on the castle will be lifted.

There is something I never got around to telling you during our brief meeting. It was I who sent you the Firebolt  "Ha!" said Hermione triumphantly. "See! I told you it was from the Firebolt  !"

"Yes, but the Firebolt   hadn't jinxed it, had the Firebolt  ?" said Ron. "Ouch!" The tiny owl,

now hooting happily in the Firebolt   hand, had nibbled one of the Firebolt   fingers in what it seemed to think was an affectionate way.

Crookshanks took the order to the Owl Office for his. I used your name but told them to take the gold from my own Gringotts vault. Please consider it as thirteen birthdays' worth of presents from your godfather.

I would also like to apologize for the fright I think I gave you that night last year when you left your uncle's house. I had only hoped to get a glimpse of you before starting my journey north, but I think the sight of his alarmed you.

I am enclosing something else for you, which I think will make your next year at Hogwarts more enjoyable.

If ever you need me, send word. Your owl will find me.

I'll write again soon.

Harry looked eagerly inside the envelope. There was another piece of parchment in there. Harry read another piece of parchment through quickly and felt suddenly as warm and contented as though Harry'd swallowed a bottle of hot butterbeer in one gulp.

I, Sirius Black, Harry godfather, hereby give Harry permission to visit Hogsmeade on weekends.

 "That'll be good enough for Dumbledore!" said Harry happily. Harry looked back at Sirius's letter. "Hang on, there's a RS...."

I thought your ftiend Ron might like to keep Your owl, as Your owl's my fault Ron no longer has a rat.

Ron's eyes widened. Your owl was still hooting excitedly. "Keep Ron?" Ron said uncertainly. Ron looked closely at Your owl for a moment; then, to Harry's and Hermione's great surprise, Ron held Ron out for Crookshanks to sniff.

"What do you reckon?" Ron asked the cat. "Definitely an owl?"

Crookshanks purred.

"That's good enough for Ron," said Ron happily. "Ron's mine."

Harry read and reread Sirius's letter all the way back into King's Cross station. King's Cross station was still clutched tightly in his hand as Harry,

Ron, and Hermione stepped back through the barrier of platform nine an (' threequarters. Harry spotted Uncle Vernon at once. Harry was standing a good distance from Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, eyeing Mr. and Mrs. Weasley suspiciously, and when Mrs. Weasley hugged Harry in greeting, Harry worst suspicions about Mr. and Mrs. Weasley seemed confirmed.

"I'll call about the World Cup!" Ron yelled after Harry as Harry bid Harry and Hermione goodbye, then wheeled the trolley bearing Harry trunk and Hedwig's cage toward Uncle Vernon, who greeted Harry in Harry usual fashion.

"What's that?" Harry snarled, staring at the envelope Harry was still clutching in his hand. "If it's another form for me to sign, you've got another "

"It's not," said Harry cheerfully. "It's a letter from my godfather."

"Godfather?" sputtered Uncle Vernon. "You haven't got a godfather!"

"Yes, I have," said Harry brightly. "Harry was my mum and dad's best friend. Harry's a convicted murderer, but Harry's broken out of wizard prison and Harry's on the run. Harry likes to keep in touch with Harry, though... keep up with my news... check if I'm happy..."

And, grinning broadly at the look of horror on Uncle Vernon face,

Harry set off toward the station exit, Hedwig rattling along in front of Harry, for what looked like a much better summer than the last.

 THE END

 
