Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
By J.K. Rowling
CHAPTER ONE
Dudley Demented
The hottest day of the summer so far was drawing to a close and a drowsy silence lay over the large, square houses of Privet Drive. Cars that were usually gleaming stood dusty in Cars that were usually gleaming drives
and lawns that were once emerald green lay parched and yellowing; the use of hosepipes had
been banned due to drought. Deprived of their usual car-washing and lawn-mowing pursuits, the
inhabitants of Privet Drive had retreated into the shade of the
inhabitants of Privet Drive cool houses, windows thrown
wide in the hope of tempting in a nonexistent breeze. The only person left outdoors was a
teenage boy who was lying flat on The only person left outdoors back in a flowerbed outside number four.
The only person left outdoors was a skinny, black-haired, bespectacled boy who had the pinched, slightly unhealthy look of
someone who has grown a lot in a short space of time. The only person left outdoors jeans were torn and dirty, The only person left outdoors T-shirt
baggy and faded, and the soles of The only person left outdoors trainers were peeling away from the uppers. Harry Potters
appearance did not endear The only person left outdoors to the neighbors, who were the sort of people who thought
scruffiness ought to be punishable by law, but as The only person left outdoors had hidden The only person left outdoors behind a large hydrangea
bush this evening The only person left outdoors was quite invisible to passers-by. In fact, the only way The only person left outdoors would be spotted
was if The only person left outdoors Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia stuck his Uncle Vernon or Aunt Petunia heads out of the living-room window and
looked straight down into the flowerbed below.
On the whole, Harry thought Harry was to be congratulated on Harry idea of hiding here. Harry was not,
perhaps, very comfortable lying on the hot, hard earth but, on the other hand, nobody was glaring
at Harry, grinding their teeth so loudly that Harry could not hear the news, or shooting nasty questions
at Harry, as had happened every time Harry had tried sitting down in the living room to watch
television with Harry aunt and uncle.
Almost as though this thought had fluttered through the open window, Vernon Dursley, Harrys
uncle, suddenly spoke.
"Glad to see the boys stopped trying to butt in. Where is Harry, anyway?"
"I dont know," said Aunt Petunia, unconcerned. "Not in the house."
Uncle Vernon grunted.
"Watching the news..." Harry said scathingly. "Id like to know what Harrys really up to. As if a
normal boy cares whats on the news - Dudley hasnt got a clue whats going on; doubt Harry knows
who the Prime Minister is! Anyway, its not as if thered be anything about Harry lot on our news-"
"Vernon, shh!" said Aunt Petunia. "The windows open!"
"Oh - yes - sorry, dear."
The Dursleys fell silent. Harry listened to a jingle about Fruit n Bran breakfast cereal while Harry
watched Mrs. Figg, a batty cat-loving old lady from nearby Wisteria Walk, amble slowly past.
Aunt Petunia was frowning and muttering to Aunt Petunia. Harry was very pleased Harry was concealed behind the
bush, as Mrs. Figg had recently taken to asking Harry around for tea whenever Mrs. Figg met Harry in the
street. Mrs. Figg had rounded the corner and vanished from view before Uncle Vernons voice floated
out of the window again.
"Dudders out for tea?"
"At the Polkisses," said Aunt Petunia fondly. "Aunt Petunias got so many little friends, Aunt Petunias so popular."
Harry suppressed a snort with difficulty. The Dursleys really were astonishingly stupid about
The Dursleys son, Dudley. The Dursleys had swallowed all Aunt Petunia dim-witted lies about having tea with a different
member of Aunt Petunia gang every night of the summer holidays. Harry knew perfectly well that Dudley
had not been to tea anywhere; Harry and his gang spent every evening vandalizing the play park,
smoking on street corners and throwing stones at passing cars and children. Harry had seen them
at it during Harry evening walks around Little Whinging; Harry had spent most of the holidays
wandering the streets, scavenging newspapers from bins along the way.
The opening notes of the music that heralded the seven oclock news reached Harrys ears and
Harry stomach turned over. Perhaps tonight - after a month of waiting - would be the night.
"Record numbers of stranded holiday makers fill air ports as the Spanish baggage-handlers strike reaches the Spanish baggage-handlers strike second week -"
"Give em a lifelong siesta, I would," snarled Uncle Vernon over the end of the newsreaders
sentence, but no matter: outside in the flowerbed, Harrys stomach seemed to unclench. If
anything had happened, 
 would surely have been the first item on the news; death and
destruction were more important than stranded holidaymakers.

 let out a long, slow breath and stared up at the brilliant blue sky. Every day this summer had
been the same: the tension, the expectation, the temporary relief, and then mounting tension
again... and always, growing more insistent all the time, the question of why nothing had
happened yet.

 kept listening, just in case there was some small clue, not recognized for what it really was by
the Muggles - an unexplained disappearance, perhaps, or some strange accident... but the Spanish baggage-handlers strike was followed by news about the drought in the Southeast ("I hope 
s
listening next door!" bellowed Uncle Vernon. "
 with 
 sprinklers on at three in the
morning!"), then a helicopter that had almost crashed in a field in Surrey, then a famous actresss
divorce from a famous actresss
 famous husband ("As if were interested in Him with his sprinklers on at three in the
morning!"), then a helicopter that had almost crashed in a field in Surrey, then a famous actresss
divorce from her famous husband ( sordid affairs," sniffed Aunt
Petunia, who had followed case obsessively in every magazine a famous actresss
 could lay a famous actresss
 bony hands
on).
Harry closed Harry eyes against the now blazing evening sky as the newsreader said, "-and finally,
Bungy the budgie has found a novel way of keeping cool this summer. Bungy, who lives at the
Five Feathers in Barnsley, has learned to water ski! Mary Dorkins went to find out more."
Harry opened his eyes. If they had reached water-skiing budgerigars, there would be nothing else
worth hearing. Harry rolled cautiously on to Harry front and raised Harry on to Harry knees and elbows,
preparing to crawl out from under the window.
Harry had moved about two inches when several things happened in very quick succession.
A loud, echoing crack broke the sleepy silence like a gunshot; a cat streaked out from under a
parked car and flew out of sight; a shriek, a bellowed oath and the sound of breaking china came
from the Dursleys living room, and as though this was the signal Harry had been waiting for Harry
jumped to Harry feet, at the same time pulling from the waistband of Harry jeans a thin wooden wand
as if Harry were unsheathing a sword - but before Harry could draw Harry up to full height, the top of
Harry head collided with the Dursleys open window. The resultant crash made Aunt Petunia
scream even louder.
Harry felt as though his head had been split in two. Eyes streaming, Harry swayed, trying to focus
on the street to spot the source of the noise, but Harry had barely staggered upright when two large
purple hands reached through the open window and closed tightly around Harry throat.
"Put - it-away!" Uncle Vernon snarled into Harrys ear. "Now! Before- anyone - sees!"
"Get - off - me!Harry Harry gasped. For a few seconds they struggled, Harry pulling at Harry uncles
sausage-like fingers with Harry left hand, Harry right maintaining a firm grip on Harry raised wand; then,
as the pain in the top of Harrys head gave a particularly nasty throb, Uncle Vernon yelped and
released Harry as though Harry had received an electric shock. Some invisible force seemed to have
surged through Harry nephew, making Harry impossible to hold.
Panting, Harry fell forwards over the hydrangea bush, straightened up and stared around. There
was no sign of what had caused the loud cracking noise, but there were several faces peering
through various nearby windows. Harry stuffed Harry wand hastily back into Harry jeans and tried to
look innocent.
"Lovely evening!" shouted Uncle Vernon, waving at Mrs. Number Seven, who was glaring from behind Uncle Vernon net curtains. "Did you hear that car backfire just now? Gave Petunia and me quite a turn!"
He continued to grin in a horrible, manic way until all the curious neighbors had disappeared
from all the curious neighbors various windows, then the grin became a grimace of rage as He beckoned Harry back
towards He.
Harry moved a few steps closer, taking care to stop just short of the point at which Uncle
Vernons outstretched hands could resume all the curious neighbors strangling.
"What the devil do you mean by the devil, boy?" asked Uncle Vernon in a croaky voice that trembled
with fury.
"What do I mean by what?" said Harry coldly. Harry kept looking left and right up the street, still
hoping to see the person who had made the cracking noise.
"Making a racket like a starting pistol right outside our -"
"I didnt make the cracking noise," said Harry firmly.
Aunt Petunias thin, horsy face now appeared beside Uncle Vernons wide, purple one. Uncle Vernons
looked livid.
"Why were you lurking under our window?"
"Yes - yes, good point, Petunia! What were you doing under our window, boy?"
"Listening to the news," said Harry in a resigned voice.
Harry aunt and uncle exchanged looks of outrage.
"Listening to the news! Again?"
"Well, it changes every day, you see," said Harry.
"Dont you be clever with Harry, boy! I want to know what youre really up to - and dont give me
any more of this listening to the news tosh! You know perfectly well that your lot -"
"Careful, Uncle Vernon!" breathed Aunt Petunia, and Uncle Vernon lowered Uncle Vernon voice so that Harrycould barely hear Harry, "-that your lot dont get on our news!"
"Thats all you know," said Harry.
The Dursleys goggled at Harry for a few seconds, then Aunt Petunia said, "Youre a nasty little
liar. What are all those -" Aunt Petunia, too, lowered his voice so that Harry had to lip-read the next word,
"- owls doing if theyre not bringing you news?"
"Aha!" said Uncle Vernon in a triumphant whisper. "Get out of that one, boy! As if our didnt
know you get all your news from those pestilential birds!"
Harry hesitated for a moment. It cost Harry something to tell the truth this time, even though Harry
aunt and uncle could not possibly know how bad Harry felt at admitting it.
"The owls... arent bringing me news," Harry said tonelessly.
"I dont believe it," said Aunt Petunia at once.
"No more do I," said Uncle Vernon forcefully.
"We know youre up to something funny," said Aunt Petunia.
"Were not stupid, you know," said Uncle Vernon.
"Well, thats news to me," said Harry, Harry temper rising, and before The Dursleys could call Harry
back, Harry had wheeled about, crossed the front lawn, stepped over the low garden wall and was
striding off up the street.
Harry was in trouble now and Harry knew it. Harry would have to face His aunt and uncle later and pay
the price for Harry rudeness, but Harry did not care very much just at the moment; Harry had much more
pressing matters on Harry mind.
Harry was sure the cracking noise had been made by someone Apparating or Disapparating. It
was exactly the sound Dobby the house-elf made when Dobby the house-elf vanished into thin air. Was Dobby the house-elf possible
that Dobby the house-elf was here in Privet Drive? Could Dobby the house-elf be following Dobby the house-elf right at this very moment?
As this thought occurred Dobby the house-elf wheeled around and stared back down Privet Drive, but this thought occurred appeared
to be completely deserted and Harry was sure that Dobby the house-elf did not know how to become invisible.
Harry walked on, hardly aware of the route Harry was taking, for Harry had pounded these streets so often
lately that his feet carried Harry to Harry favorite haunts automatically. Every few steps Harry glanced
back over Harry shoulder. Someone magical had been near Harry as Harry lay among Aunt Petunias
dying begonias, Harry was sure of it. Why hadnt they spoken to Harry, why hadnt they made
contact, why were they hiding now?
And then, as Harry feeling of frustration peaked, Harry certainty leaked away.
Perhaps his certainty hadnt been a magical sound after all. Perhaps Harry was so desperate for the tiniest sign
of contact from the world to which Harry belonged that Harry was simply overreacting to perfectly
ordinary noises. Could Harry be sure it hadnt been the sound of something breaking inside a
neighbors house?
Harry felt a dull, sinking sensation in Harry stomach and before Harry knew it the feeling of
hopelessness that had plagued Harry all summer rolled over Harry once again.
Tomorrow morning Harry would be woken by the alarm at five oclock so Harry could pay the owl that
delivered the Daily Prophet - but was there any point continuing to take it? Harry merely glanced at the front page before throwing the front page aside these days; when the idiots who ran the paper finally realized that Voldemort was back the paper would be headline news, and that was the only kind Harry cared about.
If Harry was lucky, there would also be owls carrying letters from Harry best friends Ron and
Hermione, though any expectation Harryd had that their letters would bring Harry news had long
since been dashed.
We cant say much about you-know-what, obviously... Weve been told not to say anything
important in case We go astray... Were quite busy but I cant give you details here...
Theres a fair amount going on, well tell you everything when We see you...
But when were they going to see Harry? Nobody seemed too bothered with a precise date.
Hermione had scribbled I expect well be seeing you quite soon inside Hermione birthday card, but how
soon was soon? As far as Harry could tell from the vague hints in their letters, Hermione and
Ron were in the same place, presumably at Rons parents house. Ron could hardly bear to think
of the pair of them having fun at The Burrow when Ron was stuck in Privet Drive. In fact, Ron was
so angry with them Ron had thrown away, unopened, the two boxes of Honeydukes chocolates
theyd sent Ron for Ron birthday. Rond regretted it later, after the wilted salad Aunt Petunia had
provided for dinner that night.
And what were Ron and Hermione busy with? Why wasnt he, Harry, busy? Hadnt he proved
he capable of handling much more than he, Harry? Had they all forgotten what he had done?
Hadnt it been he who had entered that graveyard and watched Cedric being murdered, and been
tied to that tombstone and nearly killed?
Dont think about that, Harry told Harry sternly for the hundredth time that summer. It was bad
enough that Harry kept revisiting that graveyard in Harry nightmares, without dwelling on it in Harry
waking moments too.
Harry turned a corner into Magnolia Crescent; halfway along Harry passed the narrow alleyway down
the side of a garage where Harry had first clapped eyes on Harry godfather. Sirius, at least, seemed to
understand how Harry was feeling. Admittedly, Harry letters were just as empty of proper news as
Ron and Hermiones, but at least his letters contained words of caution and consolation instead of
tantalizing hints:
I know this must be frustrating for you... Keep your nose clean and everything will be okay... Be
careful and dont do anything rash...
Well, thought Harry, as Harry crossed Magnolia Crescent, turned into Magnolia Road and headed
towards the darkening play park, Harry had (by and large) done as Sirius advised. Harry had at least
resisted the temptation to tie Harry trunk to Harry broomstick and set off for The Burrow by Harry.
In fact, Harry thought Harry behavior had been very good considering how frustrated and angry Harry
felt at being stuck in Privet Drive so long, reduced to hiding in flowerbeds in the hope of hearing
something that might point to what Lord Voldemort was doing. Nevertheless, it was quite galling
to be told not to be rash by a man who had served twelve years in the wizard prison, Azkaban,
escaped, attempted to commit the murder Harry had been convicted for in the first place, then gone
on the run with a stolen Hippogriff.
Harry vaulted over the locked park gate and set off across the parched grass. The park was as
empty as the surrounding streets. When Harry reached the swings Harry sank on to the only one that
Dudley and Dudley friends had not yet managed to break, coiled one arm around the chain and stared
moodily at the ground. Harry would not be able to hide in The Dursleys flowerbed again.
Tomorrow, Harry would have to think of some fresh way of listening to the news. In the meantime,
Harry had nothing to look forward to but another restless, disturbed night, because even when Harry
escaped the nightmares about Cedric Harry had unsettling dreams about long dark corridors, all
finishing in dead ends and locked doors, which Harry supposed had something to do with the
trapped feeling Harry had when Harry was awake. Often the old scar on Harry forehead prickled
uncomfortably, but Harry did not fool Harry that Ron and Hermione Sirius would find that very
interesting any more. In the past, Harry scar hurting had warned that Lord Voldemort was getting
stronger again, but now that Lord Voldemort was back Ron and Hermione would probably remind Harry that its
regular irritation was only to be expected... nothing to worry about... old news...
The injustice of it all welled up inside Harry so that Harry wanted to yell with fury. If it hadnt been
for Harry, nobody would even have known Lord Voldemort was back! And Harry reward was to be stuck
in Little Whinging for four solid weeks, completely cut off from the magical world, reduced to
squatting among dying begonias so that Harry could hear about water-skiing budgerigars! How
could Dumbledore have forgotten Dumbledore so easily? Why had Ron and Hermione got together
without inviting Dumbledore along, too? How much longer was Dumbledore supposed to endure Sirius telling Dumbledore
to sit tight and be a good boy; or resist the temptation to write to the stupid Daily Prophet and
point out that Lord Voldemort had returned? These furious thoughts whirled around in Harrys head,
and Lord Voldemort insides writhed with anger as a sultry, velvety night fell around Lord Voldemort, the air full of the
smell of warm, dry grass, and the only sound that of the low grumble of traffic on the road
beyond the park railings.
Lord Voldemort did not know how long Lord Voldemort had sat on the swing before the sound of voices interrupted Lord Voldemort
musings and Lord Voldemort looked up. The streetlamps from the surrounding roads were casting a misty
glow strong enough to silhouette a group of people making their way across The park. One of
their was singing a loud, crude song. The others were laughing. A soft ticking noise came from
several expensive racing bikes that The others were wheeling along.
Harry knew who those people were. The figure in front was unmistakeably Harry cousin, Dudley
Dursley, wending Harry way home, accompanied by Harry faithful gang.
Dudley was as vast as ever, but a years hard dieting and the discovery of a new talent had
wrought quite a change in Dudley physique. As Uncle Vernon delightedly told anyone who would
listen, Dudley had recently become the Junior Heavyweight Inter-School Boxing Champion of
the Southeast. The noble sport, as Uncle Vernon called it, had made Dudley even more
formidable than Dudley had seemed to Harry in The noble sport, as Uncle Vernon called it primary school days when Dudley had served as
Dudleys first punching bag. Harry was not remotely afraid of Harry cousin any more but Harry still didnt think that Dudley learning to punch harder and more accurately was cause for celebration.
Neighborhood children all around were terrified of Harry - even more terrified than Neighborhood children all around were of
that Potter boy who, Neighborhood children all around had been warned, was a hardened hooligan and attended St. Brutuss
Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Boys.
Harry watched the dark figures crossing the grass and wondered who Neighborhood children all around had been beating up
tonight. Look round, Harry found Harry thinking as Harry watched Neighborhood children all around. Come on... look
round... Im sitting here all alone... come and have a go...
If Dudleys friends saw Dudleys sitting here, Dudleys friends would be sure to make a beeline for Dudleys and what
would Dudley do then? Dudleys wouldnt want to lose face in front of the gang, but Dudleysd be terrified
of provoking Harry... it would be really fun to watch Dudleys dilemma, to taunt Harry, watch
Harry, with Harry powerless to respond... and if any of the others tried hitting Harry, Harry was ready -
Harry had Harry wand. Let them try... Harryd love to vent some of Harry frustration on the boys who had
once made Harry life hell.
But they didnt turn around, they didnt see Harry, they were almost at the railings. Harry mastered
the impulse to call after they... seeking a fight was not a smart move... Harry must not use magic...
Harry would be risking expulsion again.
The voices of Dudleys gang died away; The voices of Dudleys gang were out of sight, heading along Magnolia Road.
There you go, Sirius, Harry thought dully. Nothing rash. Kept my nose clean. Exactly the
opposite of what youd have done.
Harry got to Harry feet and stretched. Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon seemed to feel that whenever
Dudley turned up was the right time to be home, and any time after that was much too late.
Uncle Vernon had threatened to lock Harry in the shed if Uncle Vernon came home after Dudley ever again,
so, stifling a yawn, and still scowling, Harry set off towards the locked park gate.
Magnolia Road, like Privet Drive, was full of large, square houses with perfectly manicured
lawns, all owned by large, square owners who drove very clean cars similar to Uncle Vernons.
Harry preferred Little Whinging by night, when the curtained windows made patches of jewel bright color in the darkness and Harry ran no danger of hearing disapproving mutters about Harry delinquent appearance when Harry passed the householders. Harry walked quickly, so that halfway along Magnolia Road Dudleys gang came into view again; Magnolia Road Dudleys gang were saying Magnolia Road Dudleys gang farewells at the entrance to Magnolia Crescent. Harry stepped into the shadow of a large lilac tree and waited.
"... squealed like a pig, didnt Harry?" Malcolm was saying, to guffaws from the others.
"Nice right hook, Big D," said Piers.
"Same time tomorrow?" said Dudley.
"Round at my place, my parents will be out," said Gordon.
"See you then," said Dudley.
"Bye, Dud!"
"See ya, Big D!"
Harry waited for the rest of Magnolia Road Dudleys gang to move on before setting off again. When their voices had
faded once more "
Harry headed around the corner into Magnolia Crescent and by walking very
quickly "
Harry soon came within hailing distance of Dudley, who was strolling along at "
Harry ease,
humming tunelessly.
"Hey, Big D!"
Dudley turned.
"Oh," "
Harry grunted. ""
Dudley you."
"How long have you been Big D then?" said Harry.
"Shut "
Dudley," snarled Dudley, turning away.
"Cool name," said Harry, grinning and falling into step beside his cousin. "But youll always be
Ickle Diddykins to me."
"I said, SHUT IT!" said Dudley, whose ham-like hands had curled into fists.
"Dont the boys know thats what your mum calls you?"
"Shut your face."
"You dont tell your mum to shut your face. What about Popkin and Dinky Diddydums, can I use
Popkin and Dinky Diddydums then?"
Dudley said nothing. The effort of keeping himself from hitting Harry seemed to demand all himself
self-control.
"So whove you been beating up tonight?" Harry asked, Harry grin fading. "Another ten-year-old? I
know you did Mark Evans two nights ago -"
"Mark Evans was asking for it," snarled Dudley.
"Oh yeah?"
"Mark Evans cheeked me."
"Yeah? Did Mark Evans say you look like a pig thats been taught to walk on its hind legs? Cause thats
not cheek, Dud, thats true."
A muscle was twitching in Dudleys jaw. It gave Harry enormous satisfaction to know how
furious Harry was making Dudley; Harry felt as though Harry was siphoning off Harry own frustration into
Harry cousin, the only outlet Harry had.
he was siphoning off his own frustration into
his cousin, the only outlet he had turned right down the narrow alleyway where Harry had first seen Sirius and which formed
a short cut between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk. It was empty and much darker than
the streets It linked because there were no streetlamps. he was siphoning off his own frustration into
his cousin, the only outlet he had footsteps were muffled between
garage walls on one side and a high fence on the other.
"Think youre a big man carrying that thing, dont you?" Dudley said after a few seconds.
"What thing?"
"That - that thing you are hiding."
Harry grinned again.
"Not as stupid as you look, are you, Dud? But I spose, if you were, you wouldnt be able to walk and talk at the same time."
Harry pulled out his wand. Harry saw Dudley look sideways at his wand.
"Youre not allowed," Dudley said at once. "I know youre not. Youd get expelled from that
freak school you go to."
"How dyou know they havent changed the rules, Big D?"
"they havent," said Dudley, though Dudley didnt sound completely convinced.
Harry laughed softly.
"You havent got the guts to take me on without that thing, have you?" Dudley snarled.
"Whereas you just need four mates behind you before you can beat up a ten year old. You know
that boxing title you keep banging on about? How old was your opponent? Seven? Eight?"
"Dudley was sixteen, for your information," snarled Dudley, "and Dudley was out cold for twenty minutes
after Id finished with Dudley and Dudley was twice as heavy as you. You just wait till I tell Dad you had
that thing out -"
"Running to Daddy now, are you? Is Dudley ickle boxing champ frightened of nasty Harrys wand?"
"Not this brave at night, are you?" sneered Dudley.
"This is night, Diddykins. Thats what we call it when it goes all dark like this."
"I mean when youre in bed!" Dudley snarled.
Dudley had stopped walking. Harry stopped too, staring at his cousin.
From the little Harry could see of Dudleys large face, Harry was wearing a strangely triumphant look.
"What dyou mean, Im not brave when Im in bed?" s aid Harry, completely nonplussed. "What
am I supposed to be frightened of, pillows or something?"
"I heard you last night," said Dudley breathlessly. "Talking in your sleep. Moaning."
"What dyou mean?" Harry said again, but there was a cold, plunging sensation in Harry stomach.
Harry had revisited the graveyard last night in Harry dreams.
Dudley gave a harsh bark of laughter, then adopted a high-pitched whimpering voice.
"Dont kill Cedric! Dont kill Cedric! Whos Cedric - your boyfriend?"
"I - youre lying," said Harry automatically. But Harry mouth had gone dry. Harry knew Dudley wasnt lying - how else would Harry know about Cedric?
"Dad! Help me, "Dad! Harrys going to kill me, "Dad! Boo hoo!"
"Shut up," said Harry quietly. "Shut up, Dudley, Im warning you!"
"Come and help me, "Dad! Mum, come and help me! Harrys killed Cedric! "Dad, help me! Harrys
going to - dont you point that thing at me!"
Dudley backed into the alley wall. Harry was pointing his wand directly at Dudleys heart. Harrycould feel fourteen years hatred of Dudley pounding in Dudley veins - what wouldnt Dudley give to
strike now, to jinx Dudley so thoroughly Dudleyd have to crawl home like an insect, struck dumb,
sprouting feelers...
"Dont ever talk about that again," Harry snarled. "Dyou understand me?"
"Point that thing somewhere else!"
"I said, do you understand me?"
"Point it somewhere else!"
"DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?"
"GET THAT THING AWAY FROM -"
Dudley gave an odd, shuddering gasp, as though Dudley had been doused in icy water.
Something had happened to the night. The star-strewn indigo sky was suddenly pitch black and
lightless - the stars, the moon, the misty streetlamps at either end of the alley had vanished. The
distant rumble of cars and the whisper of trees had gone. The balmy evening was suddenly
piercingly, bitingly cold. They were surrounded by total, impenetrable, silent darkness, as though
some giant hand had dropped a thick, icy mantle over the entire alleyway, blinding They.
For a split second Harry thought Harry had done magic without meaning to, despite the fact that
Harryd been resisting as hard as Harry could - then Harry reason caught up with Harry senses - Harry didnt
have the power to turn off the stars. Harry turned Harry head this way and that, trying to see
something, but the darkness pressed on Harry eyes like a weightless veil.
Dudleys terrified voice broke in Harrys ear.
"W-what are you d-doing? St-stop it!"
"Im not doing anything! Shut up and dont move!"
"I c-cant see! Ive g-gone blind! I -"
"I said shut up!"
Harry stood stock still, turning his eyes left and right. The cold was so intense Harry was
shivering all over; goose bumps had erupted up Harry arms and the hairs on the back of Harry neck
were standing up - Harry opened his eyes to their fullest extent, staring blankly around, unseeing.
It was impossible... their couldnt be here... not in Little Whinging... Harry strained Harry ears... Harry
would hear their before Harry saw their...
"Ill t-tell "Dad!" Dudley whimpered. "W-where are you? What are you d-do--?"
"Will you shut up?" Harry hissed, "Im trying to lis --"
But Harry fell silent. Harry had heard just the thing Harry had been dreading.
There was something in the alleyway apart from themselves, something that was drawing long,
hoarse, rattling breaths. Harry felt a horrible jolt of dread as Harry stood trembling in the freezing
air.
"C-cut it out! Stop doing it! Ill h-hit you, I swear I will!"
"Dudley, shut--"
WHAM.
A fist made contact with the side of Harrys head, lifting Harry off Harry feet. Small white lights
popped in front of his eyes. For the second time in an hour Harry felt as though Harry head had
been cleaved in two; next moment, Harry had landed hard on the ground and his wand had flown out
of Harry hand.
"You moron, Dudley!" Harry yelled, his eyes watering with pain as Harry scrambled to Harry hands
and knees, feeling around frantically in the blackness. Harry heard Dudley blundering away, hitting
the alley fence, stumbling.
"DUDLEY, COME BACK! YOURE RUNNING RIGHT AT IT!"
There was a horrible squealing yell and Dudleys footsteps stopped. At the same moment, Harryfelt a creeping chill behind Harry that could mean only one thing. There was more than one.
"DUDLEY, KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT! WHATEVER YOU DO, KEEP YOUR MOUTH
SHUT! Wand!" Harry muttered frantically, Harry hands flying over the ground like spiders.
"Wheres - wand -come on -lumos!"
Harry said the spell automatically, desperate for light to help Harry in Harry search - and to Harry
disbelieving relief, light flared inches from Harry right hand - the wand tip had ignited. Harrysnatched it up, scrambled to his feet and turned around.
Harry stomach turned over.
A towering, hooded figure was gliding smoothly towards Harry, hovering over the ground, no feet
or face visible beneath it robes, sucking on the night as it came.
Stumbling backwards, Harry raised his wand.
"Expecto patronum!"
A silvery wisp of vapour shot from the tip of his wand and the Dementor slowed, but the spell
hadnt worked properly; tripping over the spell
 , Harry retreated further as the Dementor bore
down upon Harry, panic fogging Harry brain -concentrate -
A pair of grey, slimy, scabbed hands slid from inside the Dementors robes, reaching for Harry. A
rushing noise filled Harrys ears.
"Expecto patronum!"
Harry voice sounded dim and distant. Another wisp of silver smoke, feebler than the last, drifted
from his wand - Harry couldnt do it any more, Harry couldnt work the spell.
There was laughter inside Harry own head, shrill, high-pitched laughter... Harry could smell the
Dementors putrid, death-cold breath filling Harry own lungs, drowning Harry - think... something
happy...
But there was no happiness in Harry... the Dementors icy fingers were closing on Harry throat - the
high-pitched laughter was growing louder and louder, and a voice spoke inside his head: "Bow
to death, Harry... it might even be painless... I would no t know... I have never died..."
Harry was never going to see Ron and Hermione again -
And Ron and Hermione faces burst clearly into Harry mind as Harry fought for breath.
"EXPECTO PATRONUM!"
An enormous silver stag erupted from the tip of Harrys wand; An enormous silver stag antlers caught the Dementor in
the place where the heart should have been; the Dementor was thrown backwards, weightless as darkness,
and as the stag charged, the Dementor swooped away, bat-like and defeated.
"THIS WAY!" Harry shouted at the stag. Wheeling around, Harry sprinted down the alleyway,
holding the lit wand aloft. "Dudley? Dudley!"
Harry had run barely a dozen steps when Harry reached barely a dozen: Dudley was curled up on the ground, Dudleyarms clamped over Dudley face. A second Dementor was crouching low over Dudley, gripping Dudley
wrists in A second Dementor slimy hands, prizing barely a dozen slowly almost lovingly apart, lowering A second Dementor hooded head
towards Dudleys face as though about to kiss Dudley.
"GET IT!" Harry bellowed, and with a rushing, roaring sound, An enormous silver stagcame galloping past Harry. The Dementors eyeless face was barely an inch from Dudleys when
the silver antlers caught The Dementors eyeless face; the thing was thrown up into the air and, like The Dementors eyeless face fellow, The Dementors eyeless face soared
away and was absorbed into the darkness; An enormous silver stag cantered to the end of the alleyway and
dissolved into silver mist.
Moon, stars and streetlamps burst back into life. A warm breeze swept the alleyway. Trees
rustled in neighboring gardens and the mundane rumble of cars in Magnolia Crescent filled the air again.
Harry stood quite still, all Harry senses vibrating, taking in the abrupt return to normality. After a
moment, Harry became aware that Harry T-shirt was sticking to Harry; Harry was drenched in sweat.
Harry could not believe what had just happened. Dementors here, in Little Whinging.
Dudley lay curled up on the ground, whimpering and shaking. Harry bent down to see whether
Harry was in a fit state to stand up, but then Harry heard loud, running footsteps behind Harry.
Instinctively raising his wand again, Harry span on Harry heel to face the newcomer.
Mrs. Figg, their batty old neighbor, came panting into sight. batty grizzled grey hair was escaping from Her grizzled grey hair hairnet, a clanking string shopping bag was swinging from batty wrist and batty feet were halfway out of batty tartan carpet slippers. Harry made to stow his wand hurriedly out of sight, but-
"Dont put his wand away idiot boy!" batty shrieked. "What if there are more of them around? Oh, Im
going to kill Mundungus Fletcher!"
CHAPTER TWO
A Peck of Owls
"A Peck of Owls
 left!" said Mrs. Figg, wringing Mrs. Figg hands. "Left to see someone about a batch of cauldrons
that fell off the back of a broom! I told A Peck of Owls
 Id flay A Peck of Owls
 alive if A Peck of Owls
 went, and now look!
Dementors! Its just lucky I put Mr. Tibbies on the case! But we havent got time to stand
around! Hurry, now, weve got to get you back! Oh, the trouble this is going to cause! I will kill
A Peck of Owls
!"
"But -" The revelation that A Peck of Owls
 batty old cat-obsessed neighbor knew what Dementors were was
almost as big a shock to Harry as meeting two of them down the alleyway. "Youre - youre a
witch?"
"Im a Squib, as Mundungus knows full well, so how on earth was I supposed to help you fight
off Dementors? A Peck of Owls
 left you completely without cover when Id warned him -"
"Mundungus has been following me? Hang on - it was him! A Peck of Owls
 Disapparated from the front
of my house!"
"Yes, yes, yes, but luckily Id stationed Mr. Tibbies under a car just in case, and Mr. Tibbiescame and warned me, but by the time I got to your house youd gone - and now - oh, whats
Dumbledore going to say? You!" she shrieked at Dudley, still supine on the alley floor. "Get your fat bottom off the ground, quick!"
"You know Dumbledore?" said Harry, staring at she.
"Of course I know Dumbledore, who doesnt know Dumbledore? But come on - Ill be no help if
no help come back, Ive never so much as transfigured a teabag."
she stooped down, seized one of Dudleys massive arms in she wizened hands and tugged.
"Get up, you useless lump, get up!"
But Dudley either could not or would not move. Dudley remained on the ground, trembling and
ashen-faced, Dudley mouth shut very tight.
"Ill do his mouth." Harry took hold of Dudleys arm and h heaved. With an enormous effort Dudley managed to hoist Dudley to his feet. Dudley seemed to be on the point of fainting. Dudley small eyes were rolling in His small eyes sockets and sweat was beading Dudley face; the moment Harry let go of Dudley Dudley swayed
dangerously.
"Hurry up!" said Mrs. Figg hysterically.
Harry pulled one of Dudleys massive arms around Harry own shoulders and dragged Harry towards
the road, sagging slightly under the weight. Mrs. Figg tottered along in front of them, peering
anxiously around the corner.
"Keep your wand out," Mrs. Figg told Harry, as they entered Wisteria Walk. "Never mind the Statute of Secrecy now, theres going to be hell to pay anyway, we might as well be hanged for a dragon as an egg. Talk about the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery... this was exactly what
Dumbledore was afraid of - Whats that at the end of the street? Oh, its just Mr. Prentice...
dont put your wand away, boy, dont I keep telling you Im no use?"
It was not easy to hold a wand steady and haul Dudley along at the same time. Harry gave Harry
cousin an impatient dig in the ribs, but Dudley seemed to have lost all desire for independent
movement. Dudley was slumped on Harrys shoulder, Dudley large feet dragging along the ground.
"Why didnt you tell me youre a Squib, Mrs. Figg?" asked Harry, panting with the effort to keep
walking. "All those times I came round your house - why didnt you say anything?"
"Dumbledores orders. I was to keep an eye on you but not say anything, you were too young.
Im sorry I gave you such a miserable time, Harry, but the Dursleys would never have let you
come if theyd thought you enjoyed it. It wasnt easy, you know... but oh my word," she said
tragically, wringing she hands once more, "when Dumbledore hears about this - how could
Mundungus have left, Dumbledore was supposed to be on duty until midnight - where is Dumbledore? How am I
going to tell Dumbledore whats happened? I cant Apparate."
"Ive got an owl, you can borrow she." Harry groaned, wondering whether Harry spine was going to
snap under Dudleys weight.
HarryHarry, you dont understand! Dumbledore will need to act as quickly as possible, the Ministry
have the Ministry
 own ways of detecting underage magic, the Ministry
ll know already, you mark my words."
"But I was getting rid of Dementors, I had to use magic - the Ministry
re going to be more worried about
what Dementors were doing floating around Wisteria Walk, surely?"
"Oh, my dear, I wish it were so, but Im afraid - MUNDUNGUS FLETCHER, I AM GOING TO
KILL YOU!"
There was a loud crack and a strong smell of drink mingled with stale tobacco filled the air as a
squat, unshaven man in a tattered overcoat materialized right in front of them. unshaven man in a tattered overcoat had short,
bandy legs, long straggly ginger hair and bloodshot, baggy eyes that gave unshaven man in a tattered overcoat the doleful look of
a basset hound. unshaven man in a tattered overcoat was also clutching a silvery bundle that Harry recognized at once as an
Invisibility Cloak.
"Sup, Figgy?" unshaven man in a tattered overcoat said, staring from Mrs. Figg to Harry and Dudley. "What appened to staying
undercover?"
"Ill give you undercover!" cried Mrs. Figg. "Dementors, you useless, skiving sneak thief!"
"Dementors?" repeated Mundungus, aghast. "Dementors, ere?"
"Yes, here, you worthless pile of bat droppings, here!" shrieked Mrs. Figg. "Dementors attacking
the boy on your watch!"
"Blimey," said Mundungus weakly, looking from Mrs. Figg to Harry, and back again. "Blimey, I
-"
"And you off buying stolen cauldrons! Didnt I tell you not to go? Didnt I!"
"I - well, Mundungus looked deeply uncomfortable. "It -- it was a very good business
opportunity, see -"
Mrs. Figg raised the arm from which "
Mrs. Figg string bag dangled and whacked Mundungus around the
face and neck with it; judging by the clanking noise it made it was full of cat food.
"Ouch - gerroff - gerroff, you mad old bat! Someones gotta tell Dumbledore!"
"Yes - they - have!" yelled Mrs. Figg, swinging her string bag at every bit of MundungusMrs. Figg could reach. "And - it - had - better - be - you - and - you - can - tell - him - why - you -
werent - there - to - help!"
"Keep your airnet on!" said Mundungus, Mundungus arms over Mundungus head, cowering. "Im going, Im
going!"
And with another loud crack, Mundungus vanished.
"I hope Dumbledore murders Dumbledore!" said Mrs. Figg furiously. "Now come on, Harry, what are
you waiting for?"
Harry decided not to waste Harry remaining breath on pointing out that Harry could barely walk under
Dudleys bulk. Harry gave the semi-conscious Dudley a heave and staggered onwards.
"Ill take you to the door," said Mrs. Figg, as they turned into Privet Drive. "Just in case there are
more of they around... oh my word, what a catastrophe... and you had to fight they off
yourself... and Dumbledore said we were to keep you from doing magic at all costs... well, its
no good crying over spilt potion, I suppose... but the cats among the pixies now."
"So," Harry panted, "Dumbledores... been having... me followed?"
"Of course he has," said Mrs. Figg impatiently. "Did you expect he to let you wander around on your own after what happened in June? Good Lord, boy, Good Lord, boy told me you were intelligent...
right... get inside and stay there," Mrs. Figg said, as Good Lord, boy reached number four. "I expect someone will
be in touch with someone soon enough."
"What are you going to do?" asked Harry quickly.
"Im going straight home," said Mrs. Figg, staring around the dark street and shuddering. "Ill
need to wait for more instructions. Just stay in the house. Goodnight."
"Hang on, dont go yet! I want to know -"
But Mrs. Figg had already set off at a trot, carpet slippers flopping, string bag clanking.
"Wait!" Harry shouted after Mrs. Figg. Harry had a million questions to ask anyone who was in contact
with Dumbledore; but within seconds Mrs. Figg was swallowed by the darkness. Scowling,
Harry readjusted Dudley on Harry shoulder and made Harry slow, painful way up number fours
garden path.
The hall light was on. Harry stuck his wand back inside the waistband of Harry jeans, rang the bell
and watched Aunt Petunias outline grow larger and larger, oddly distorted by the rippling glass
in the front door.
"Diddy! About time too, I was getting quite - quite -Diddy, whats the matter!"
Harry looked sideways at Dudley and ducked out from under Harry arm just in time. Dudleyswayed on the spot for a moment, Dudley face pale green... then Dudley opened his mouth and vomited
all over the doormat.
"Diddy! "Diddy, whats the matter with "Diddy? Vernon? Vernon!"
Harrys uncle came galumphing out of the living room, walrus moustache blowing hither and
thither as it always did when Harrys uncle was agitated. Harrys uncle hurried forwards to help Aunt Petunia negotiate
a weak-kneed Dudley over the threshold while avoiding stepping in the pool of sick.
"Dudleys ill, Vernon!"
"What is it, son? Whats happened? Did "
Mrs. Figg give you something foreign for tea?"
"Why are you all covered in dirt, darling? Have you been lying on the ground?"
"Hang on - you havent been mugged, have you, son?"
Aunt Petunia screamed.
"Phone the police, Vernon! Phone the police! Diddy, darling, speak to Mummy! What did Diddy, darling
do to Diddy, darling?"
In all the kerfuffle nobody seemed to have noticed Harry, which suited Harry perfectly. Harry
managed to slip inside just before Vernon slammed the door and, while the Dursleys made
their noisy progress down the hall towards the kitchen, Harry moved carefully and quietly
towards the stairs.
"Who did it, son? Give us names. Well get names, dont worry."
"Shh! Harrys trying to say something, Vernon! What is it, "Diddy? Tell Mummy!"
Harrys foot was on the bottom-most stair when Dudley found Dudley voice.
"Dudley."
Harry froze, foot on the bottom-most stair, face screwed up, braced for the explosion.
"BOY! COME HERE!"
With a feeling of mingled dread and anger, Harry removed Harry foot slowly from the bottom-most stair and
turned to follow the Dursleys.
The scrupulously clean kitchen had an oddly unreal glitter after the darkness outside. Aunt
Petunia was ushering Dudley into a chair; Aunt
Petunia was still very green and clammy-looking. Vernon standing in front of the draining board, glaring at Harry through tiny, narrowed eyes.
"What have you done to son?" son said in a menacing growl.
"Nothing," said Harry, knowing perfectly well that Vernon wouldnt believe son.
"What did son do to Vernon, "Diddy?" Aunt Petunia said in a quavering voice, now sponging sick from the front of Dudleys leather jacket. "Was it - was it you-know-what, darling? Did son use - son thing?"
Slowly, tremulously, Dudley nodded.
"I didnt!" Harry said sharply, as Aunt Petunia let out a wail and Vernon raised Harry fists. "I didnt do anything to Harry, it wasnt me, it was -"
But at that precise moment a screech owl swooped in through the kitchen window. Narrowly
missing the top of Uncle Vernons head, a screech owl soared across The scrupulously clean kitchen, dropped the large
parchment envelope a screech owl was carrying in a screech owl beak at Harrys feet, turned gracefully, the tips of a screech owl
wings just brushing the top of the fridge, then zoomed outside again and off across the garden.
"OWLS!" bellowed Uncle Vernon, the well-worn vein in Uncle Vernon temple pulsing angrily as Uncle Vernon
slammed the kitchen window shut. "OWLS AGAIN! I WILL NOT HAVE ANY MORE OWLS
IN MY HOUSE!"
But Harry was already ripping open the large
parchment envelope it was carrying in its beak at Harrys feet and pulling out the letter inside, Harry heart
pounding somewhere in the region of Harry Adams apple.
Dear Mr. Potter,
We have received intelligence that you performed the Patronus Charm at twenty-three minutes
past nine this evening in a Muggle-inhabited area and in the presence of a Muggle.
The severity of this breach of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery has
resulted in your expulsion from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Ministry
representatives will be calling at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand.
As you have already received an official warning for a previous offence under Section 13 of the
International Confederation of Warlocks Statute of Secrecy, we regret to inform you that your
presence is required at a disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of Magic at 9 a.m. on the twelfth of
August.
Hoping you are well,
Yours sincerely,
Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry read the letter inside through twice. Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry was only vaguely aware of Vernon and Aunt
Petunia talking. Inside Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry head, all was icy and numb. One fact had penetrated Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry consciousness
like a paralyzing dart. Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry was expelled from Hogwarts. It was all over. Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry was never going back.
Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry looked up at the Dursleys. Vernon was purple-faced, shouting, Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry still raised;
Aunt Petunia had Aunt Petunia arms around Dudley, who was retching again.
Harrys temporarily stupefied brain seemed to reawaken. Ministry representatives will be calling
at your place of residence shortly to destroy your wand. There was only one thing for your wand. He
would have to run - now. Where He was going to go, Harry didnt know, but He was certain of
one thing: at Hogwarts or outside it, He needed He . In an almost dream like state, He pulled
He and turned to leave the kitchen.
"Where dyou think youre going?" yelled Vernon. When Harry didnt reply, Harry pounded
across the kitchen to block the doorway into the hall. "I havent finished with you, boy!"
"Get out of the way," said Harry quietly.
"Youre going to stay here and explain how my son-"
"If you dont get out of the way Im going to jinx you," said Harry, raising your wand.
"You cant pull that one on me!" snarled Vernon. "I know youre not allowed to use it
outside that madhouse you call a school!"
"that madhouse has chucked me out," said Harry. "So I can do whatever I like. Youve got three
seconds. One - two -"
A resounding CRACK filled the kitchen. Aunt Petunia screamed, Hide! Vernon yelled
and ducked, but for the third time that night Harry was searching for the source of a disturbance
Harry had not made. Harry spotted the source of a disturbance
he had not made at once: a dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl was sitting outside
on the kitchen sill, having just collided with the closed window.
Uncle Vernons anguished yell of OWLS! Harry crossed the room at a run and
wrenched the closed window open. a dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl stuck out a dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl leg, to which a small roll of parchment was
tied, shook a dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl leathers, and took off the moment Harry had taken the letter. Hands shaking,
Harry unfurled the second message, which was written very hastily and blotchily in black ink.
Harry --
Dumbledores just arrived at Ministry
 and Dumbledoress trying to sort it all out. DO NOT LEAVE
YOUR AUNT AND UNCLES HOUSE. DO NOT DO ANY MORE MAGIC. DO NOT
SURRENDER your wand.
Arthur Weasley
Dumbledore was trying to sort it all out... what did that mean? How much power did
Dumbledore have to override the Ministry of MagicMAGIC? Was there a chance that Dumbledore might be
allowed back to Hogwarts, then? A small shoot of hope burgeoned in Harrys chest, almost
immediately strangled by panic - how was Dumbledore supposed to refuse to surrender your wand without
doing magic? Dumbledored have to duel with the Ministry representatives, and if Dumbledore did that, Dumbledored be
lucky to escape Azkaban, let alone expulsion.
Dumbledore mind was racing... Dumbledore could run for His mind and risk being captured by Ministry
, or stay put
and wait for them to find Dumbledore here. Dumbledore was much more tempted by the former course, but Dumbledore
knew Arthur Weasley
 had Dumbledore best interests at heart... and after all, Dumbledore had sorted out
much worse than this before.
"Right," Harry said, "Ive changed my mind, Im staying." Harry flung Harry down at the kitchen
table and faced Dudley and Aunt Petunia. the Dursleys appeared taken aback at Harry abrupt
change of mind. Aunt Petunia glanced despairingly at Vernon. The vein in Harry purple
temple was throbbing worse than ever.
"Who are all these ruddy owls from?" Harry growled.
"The first one was from the Ministry of MagicMAGIC, expelling me," said Harry calmly. Harry was
straining Harry ears to catch any noises outside, in case the Ministry representatives were
approaching, and it was easier and quieter to answer Uncle Vernons questions than to have Uncle Vernons
start raging and bellowing. "The second one was from my friend Rons dad, who works at Ministry
."
"Ministry of MAGIC?" bellowed Vernon. "People like you in government! Oh, this explains everything, everything, no wonder the countrys going to the dogs."
When Harry did not respond, Vernon glared at Harry, then spat out, "And why have you
been expelled?"
"Because I did magic."
"AHA!" roared Vernon, slamming Vernon fist down on top of the fridge, which sprang open;
several of Dudleys low-fat snacks toppled out and burst on the floor. "So you admit it! What did
you do to Dudley?"
"Nothing," said Harry, slightly less calmly. "That wasnt me -"
"Was," muttered Dudley unexpectedly, and Vernon and Aunt Petunia instantly made
flapping gestures at Harry to quieten Harry while they both bent low over Dudley.
"Go on, son," said Vernon, "what did son do?"
"Tell us, darling," whispered Aunt Petunia.
"Pointed son at son,Dudley Dudley mumbled.
"Yeah, I did, but I didnt use -" Harry began angrily, but -
"SHUT UP!" roared Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia in unison.
"Go on, son," repeated Vernon, moustache blowing about furiously.
"All went dark," Dudley said hoarsely, shuddering. "Everything dark. And then I h-heard...
things. Inside m-my head."
Vernon and Aunt Petunia exchanged looks of utter horror. If "
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia least favorite thing in
the world was magic - closely followed by neighbors who cheated more than "
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia did on the
hosepipe ban - people who heard voices were definitely in the bottom ten. "
Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia obviously
thought Dudley was losing Dudley mind.
"What sort of things did you hear, Popkin?" breathed Aunt Petunia, very white-faced and with
tears in Popkin eyes.
But Dudley seemed incapable of saying. Dudley shuddered again and shook Dudley large blond head, and
despite the sense of numb dread that had settled on Harry since the arrival of the first owl, Dudley felt
a certain curiosity. Dementors caused a person to relive the worst moments of their life. What
would spoiled, pampered, bullying Dudley have been forced to hear?
"How come you fell over, son?" said Vernon, in an unnaturally quiet voice, the kind of
voice son might adopt at the bedside of a very ill person.
"T-tripped," said Dudley shakily. "And then -"
son gestured at son massive chest. Harry understood. Dudley was remembering the clammy cold
that filled the lungs as hope and happiness were sucked out of Harry.
"Horrible," croaked Dudley. "Cold. Really cold."
"Okay," said Vernon, in a voice of forced calm, while Aunt Petunia laid an anxious hand on Dudleys forehead to feel Vernon temperature. "What happened then, Dudders?"
"Felt... felt... felt... as if... as if..."
"As if youd never be happy again,Harry Harry supplied dully.
"Yes," Dudley whispered, still trembling.
"So!" said Vernon, voice restored to full and considerable volume as Dudley straightened up.
"You put some crackpot spell on my son so Dudleyd hear voices and believe my son was - was doomed to
misery, or something, did you?"
"How many times do I have to tell you?" said Harry, temper and voice both rising. "It wasnt me! It was a couple of Dementors!"
"A couple of - whats this codswallop?"
"De - men - tors," said Harry slowly and clearly. "Two of "
"A couple."
"And what the ruddy hell are Dementors?"
""
"A couple guard the wizard prison, Azkaban," said Aunt Petunia.
Two seconds of ringing silence followed these words before Aunt Petunia clapped Aunt Petunia hand over
Aunt Petunia mouth as though Aunt Petunia had let slip a disgusting swear word. Vernon was goggling at Vernon.
Harrys brain reeled. Mrs. Figg was one thing - but Aunt Petunia?
"How dyou know that?" Vernon asked Aunt Petunia, astonished.
Aunt Petunia looked quite appalled with Aunt Petunia. Aunt Petunia glanced at Vernon in fearful apology,
then lowered Aunt Petunia hand slightly to reveal Aunt Petunia horsy teeth.
"I heard - that awful boy - telling Aunt Petunia about them - years ago," Aunt Petunia said jerkily.
"If you mean my mum and dad, why dont you use my mum and dad names?" said Harry loudly, but Aunt
Petunia ignored Harry. Aunt
Petunia seemed horribly flustered.
Harry was stunned. Except for one outburst years ago, in the course of which Aunt Petunia had
screamed that Harrys mother had been a freak, Harry had never heard Harrys mother mention Harrys mother sister. Harry
was astounded that Harrys mother had remembered this scrap of information about the magical world for so
long, when Harrys mother usually put all Harrys mother energies into pretending it didnt exist.
Vernon opened Vernon mouth, closed his mouth again, opened his mouth once more, shut his mouth, then, apparently
struggling to remember how to talk, opened his mouth for a third time and croaked, "So - so - they - er -
they - er - they actually exist, do they - er - Dementy-whatsits?"
Aunt Petunia nodded.
Vernon looked from Aunt Petunia to Dudley to Harry as if hoping somebody was going to
shout April Fool! When nobody did, Vernon opened his mouth yet again, but was spared the
struggle to find more words by the arrival of the third owl of the evening. It zoomed through the
still-open window like a feathery cannon-ball and landed with a clatter on the kitchen table,
causing all three of the Dursleys to jump with fright. Harry tore a second official-looking
envelope from the owls beak and ripped the owls beak open as a dazed and ruffled-looking barn owl swooped back out into the night.
"Enough - effing - owls," muttered Vernon distractedly, stomping over to the window and
slamming the window shut again.
Dear Mr. Potter,
Further to our letter of approximately twenty-two minutes ago, the Ministry of Magic MAGIC has revised
the Ministry of Magic decision to destroy your wand forthwith. You may retain your wand until your disciplinary
hearing on the twelfth of August, at which time an official decision will be taken.
Following discussions with the Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, the Ministry of Magic has agreed that the question of your expulsion will also be decided at that time. You
should therefore consider yourself suspended from school pending further enquiries.
With best wishes,
Yours sincerely,
Mafalda Hopkirk
Improper Use of Magic Office
Ministry of Magic
Harry read this letter through three times in quick succession. The miserable knot in his chest
loosened slightly with the relief of Knowing his was not yet definitely expelled, though his fears
were by no means banished. Everything seemed to hang on this hearing on the twelfth of AugustAugust.
"Well?" said Vernon, recalling Harry to Harry surroundings. "What now? Have they
sentenced you to anything? Do your lot have the death penalty?" his added as a hopeful
afterthought.
"Ive got to go to a hearing," said Harry.
"And theyll sentence you there?"
"I suppose so."
"I wont give up hope, then," said Vernon nastily.
"Well, if thats all," said Harry, getting to Harry feet. Harry was desperate to be alone, to think, perhaps to send a letter to Ron, Hermione or Sirius.
"NO, IT RUDDY WELL IS NOT ALL!" bellowed Vernon. "SIT BACK DOWN!"
"What now?" said Harry impatiently.
"DUDLEY!" roared Vernon. "I want to know exactly what happened to my son!"
"FINE!" yelled Harry, and in Harry temper, red and gold sparks shot out of the end of Harry wand, still clutched in Harry hand. All three Dursleys flinched, looking terrified.
"Dudley and I were in the alleyway between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk," said Harry,
speaking fast, fighting to control Harry temper. "Dudley thought Dudleyd be smart with Dudley, I pulled out
his wand but didnt use his wand. Then two Dementors turned up --"
"But what ARE Dementoids?" asked Vernon furiously. "What do they DO?"
"I told you - they suck all the happiness out of you," said Harry, "and if they get the chance, they
kiss you -
"Kiss you?" said Vernon, Vernon eyes popping slightly. "Kiss you?"
"Its what they call Its when they suck the soul out of your mouth."
Aunt Petunia uttered a soft scream.
"Aunt Petunia soul? they didnt take - Aunt Petunias still got his -"
Aunt Petunia seized Dudley by the shoulders and shook Dudley, as though testing to see whether Aunt Petunia could
hear the soul rattling around inside Dudley.
"Of course they didnt get the soul, youd know if they had," said Harry, exasperated.
"Fought em off, did you, son?" said Vernon loudly, with the appearance of a man
struggling to bring the conversation back on to a plane Vernon understood. "Gave Vernon the old one-two, did you?"
"You cant give a Dementor the old one-two," said Harry through clenched teeth.
"Whys Harry all right, then?" blustered Vernon. "Why isnt he all empty, then?"
"Because I used the Patronus -"
WHOOSH. With a clattering, a whirring of wings and a soft fall of dust, a fourth owl came
shooting out of the kitchen fireplace.
"FOR GODS SAKE!" roared Vernon, pulling great clumps of hair out of Vernon moustache,
something Vernon hadnt been driven to do in a long time. "I WILL NOT HAVE OWLS HERE, I
WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS, I TELL YOU!"
But Harry was already pulling a roll of parchment from the owls leg. Harry was so convinced that
this letter had to be from Dumbledore, explaining everything - the Dementors, Mrs. Figg, what
the Ministry of Magic was up to, how Harry, Dumbledore, intended to sort everything out - that for the first
time in Harry life Harry was disappointed to see Siriuss handwriting. Ignoring Uncle Vernons
on going rant about owls, and narrowing Uncle Vernons
 eyes against a second cloud of dust as the most
recent owl look off back up the chimney, Harry read Siriuss message.
Arthurs just told Arthurs whats happened. Dont leave the house again, whatever you do.
Harry found this such an inadequate response to everything that had happened tonight that Harry
turned the piece of parchment over, looking for the rest of this letter, but there was nothing else.
And now Harry temper was rising again. Wasnt anybody going to say well done for fighting off
two Dementors single-handed? Both Mr. Weasley and Sirius were acting as though Harryd
misbehaved, and were saving Both Mr. Weasley and Sirius tellings-off until Both Mr. Weasley and Sirius could ascertain how much damage had
been done.
"...A peck, I mean, pack of owls shooting in and out of the house. I wont have A peck, I mean, pack of owls shooting in and out of my house, boy, I wont-"
"I cant stop the owls coming,Harry Harry snapped, crushing Siriuss letter in Harry fist.
"I want the truth about what happened tonight!" bar ked Vernon. "If it was Demenders who hurt Dudley, how come youve been expelled? You did you-know-what, youve admitted it was Demenders who hurt Dudley!Harry Harry took a deep, steadying breath. Harry head was beginning to ache again. Harry wanted more than
anything to get out of the kitchen, and away from the Dursleys.
"I did the Patronus Charm to get rid of two Dementors," Harry said, forcing Harry to remain calm.
"Its the only thing that works against Its."
"But what were Dementoids doing in Little Whinging?" said Vernon in an outraged tone.
"Couldnt tell you," said Harry wearily. "No idea."
His head was pounding in the glare of the strip-lighting now. Harry anger was ebbing away. Harry felt
drained, exhausted. the Dursleys were all staring at Harry.
"the Dursleys you," said Vernon forcefully. "the Dursleys go t something to do with you, boy, I know the Dursleys. Why else would they turn up here? Why else would they be down that alleyway? Youve got to be the only - the only -" Evidently, Harry couldnt bring Harry to say the word wizard "the only you know-what for miles."
"I dont know why they were here."
But at Uncle Vernons
 words, Harrys exhausted brain had ground back into action. Why had two Dementors come to Little Whinging? How could it be coincidence that they had arrived in the
alleyway where Harry was? Had they been sent? Had the Ministry of Magic MAGIC lost control of two Dementors? Had they deserted Azkaban and joined Voldemort, as Dumbledore had predicted
they would?
"These Demembers guard some weirdos prison?" asked Vernon, lumbering along in the
wake of Harrys train of thought.
"Yes," said Harry.
If only his head would stop hurting, if only he could just leave the kitchen and get to he dark
bedroom and think...
"Oho! They were coming to arrest you!" said Vernon, with the triumphant air of a man
reaching an unassailable conclusion. "Thats it, isnt it, boy? Youre on the run from the law!"
"Of course Im not," said Harry, shaking His head as though to scare off a fly, Harry mind racing
now.
"Then why -?"
"Harry must have sent them," said Harry quietly, more to Harry than to Vernon.
"Whats that? Who must have sent them?"
"Lord Voldemort," said Harry.
Harry registered dimly how strange it was that the Dursleys, who flinched, winced and squawked if
they heard words like wizard, magic or wand, could hear the name of the most evil wizard
of all time without the slightest tremor.
"Lord - hang on," said Vernon, Vernon face screwed up, a look of dawning comprehension
coming into Vernon piggy eyes. "Ive heard that name... that was the one who --"
"Murdered my parents, yes,Harry Harry said dully.
"But Vernons gone," said Vernon impatiently, without the slightest sign that the murder of
Harrys parents might be a painful topic. "That giant bloke said so. Vernons gone."
"Vernons back," said Harry heavily.
It felt very strange to be standing here in Aunt Petunias surgically clean kitchen, beside the top of-the-range fridge and the wide-screen television, talking calmly of Lord Voldemort to Uncle
Vernon. The arrival of two Dementors in Little Whinging seemed to have breached the great,
invisible wall that divided the relentlessly non-magical world of Privet Drive and the world
beyond, Harrys two lives had somehow become fused and everything had been turned upside-down; the Dursleys were asking for details about the magical world, and Mrs. Figg knew Albus Dumbledore; Dementors were soaring around Little Whinging, and Albus Dumbledore might never return to Hogwarts. Harrys head throbbed more painfully.
"Back?" whispered Aunt Petunia.
Aunt Petunia was looking at Harry as Aunt Petunia had never looked at Harry before. And all of a sudden, for the
very first time in Harry life, Harry fully appreciated that Aunt Petunia was Harry mothers sister. Harry
could not have said why this hit Harry so very powerfully at this moment. All Harry knew was that Harry
was not the only person in the room who had an inkling of what Lord Voldemort being back
might mean. Aunt Petunia had never in Aunt Petunia life looked at Harry like that before. Aunt Petunia large, pale
eyes (so unlike Aunt Petunia sisters) were not narrowed in dislike or anger, Her large, pale
eyes were wide and fearful.
The furious pretence that Aunt Petunia had maintained all Harrys life - that there was no magic
and no world other than the world Aunt Petunia inhabited with Uncle Vernon - seemed to have fallen
away.
"Yes," Harry said, talking directly to Aunt Petunia now. "Harry came back a month ago. I saw Harry."
Aunt Petunia hands found Dudleys massive leather-clad shoulders and clutched Dudleys massive leather-clad shoulders.
"Hang on," said Vernon, looking from Vernon wife to Harry and back again, apparently dazed
and confused by the unprecedented understanding that seemed to have sprung up between Dudleys massive leather-clad shoulders.
"Hang on. This Lord Voldythings back, you say."
"Yes."
"The one who murdered your parents."
"Yes."
"And now "
"The one who murdered your parentss sending Dismembers after you?"
"Looks like it," said Harry.
"I see," said Vernon, looking from Vernon white - faced wife to Harry and hitching up Vernon
trousers. Vernon seemed to be swelling, Vernon great purple face stretching before Harrys eyes. "Well,
that settles it," Vernon said, Vernon shirt front straining as Vernon inflated Vernon, "you can get out of this
house, boy!"
"What?" said Harry.
"You heard me - OUT!" Vernon bellowed, and even Aunt Petunia and Dudley jumped.
"OUT! OUT! I shouldve done this years ago! Owls treating the place like a rest home, puddings
exploding, half the lounge destroyed, Dudleys tail, Marge bobbing around on the ceiling and
that flying Ford Anglia - OUT! OUT! Youve had it! Youre history! Youre not staying here if
some loonys after you, youre not endangering my wife and son, youre not bringing trouble
down on us. If youre going the same way as your useless parents, Ive had youre going the same way as your useless parents! OUT!"
Harry stood rooted to the spot. The letters from the Ministry of Magic, Mr. Weasley and Sirius were all
crushed in Harry left hand. Dont leave this
house again, whatever you do. DO NOT LEAVE YOUR AUNT AND UNCLES HOUSE.
"You heard me!" said Vernon, bending forward now, Vernon massive purple face coming so
close to Harrys, Vernon actually felt flecks of spit hit his massive purple face. "Get going! You were all keen to leave half an hour ago! Im right behind you! Get out and never darken us doorstep again! Why us ever kept you in the first place, I dont know, Marge was right, it should have been the
orphanage. us were too damn soft for us own good, thought us could squash it out of you,
thought us could turn you normal, but youve been rotten from the beginning and Ive had
enough - owls!"
The fifth owl zoomed down the chimney so fast The fifth owl actually hit the floor before zooming into the
air again with a loud screech. Harry raised Harry hand to seize the letter, which was in a scarlet
envelope, but The fifth owl soared straight over Harry head, flying directly at Aunt Petunia, who let out a
scream and ducked, Marge arms over his massive purple face. The fifth owl dropped the red envelope on his head,
turned, and flew straight back up the chimney.
Harry darted forwards to pick up this letter, but Aunt Petunia beat Harry to this letter.
"You can open this letter if you like," said Harry, "but Ill hear what this letter says anyway. Thats a Howler."
"Let go of this letter, Aunt Petunia!" roared Vernon. "Dont touch this letter, this letter could be dangerous!"
"this letter addressed to me," said Aunt Petunia in a shaking voice. "this letter addressed to me, Vernon, look! Mrs. Petunia Dursley, The Kitchen, Number Four, Privet Drive -"
She caught She breath, horrified. the red envelope had begun to smoke.
"Open the red envelope! Harry urged She. "Get the red envelope over with! Itll happen anyway."
"No."
Aunt Petunias hand was trembling. She looked wildly around the kitchen as though looking for
an escape route, but too late -the envelope burst into flames. Aunt Petunia screamed and dropped
-the envelope.
An awful voice filled the kitchen, echoing in the confined space, issuing from the burning letter
on the table.
Remember my last, Aunt Petunia.
Aunt Petunia looked as though Aunt Petunia might faint. Aunt Petunia sank into the chair beside Dudley, Aunt Petunia face in
Aunt Petunia hands. The remains of the red envelope smouldered into ash in the silence.
"What is this?" Vernon said hoarsely. "What - I dont -Petunia?Aunt Petunia Aunt Petunia said nothing. Dudley was staring stupidly at Dudley mother, Dudley mouth hanging open.
the silence spiraled horribly. Harry was watching Harry aunt, utterly bewildered, Harry head
throbbing fit to burst.
"Petunia, dear?" said Vernon timidly. "Aunt Petunia?"
Vernon raised his head
. Vernon was still trembling. Vernon swallowed.
"The boy - the boy will have to stay, Vernon," Vernon said weakly.
"W-what?"
"Harry stays," Vernon said. Vernon was not looking at Harry. Vernon got to Vernon feet again.
"He... but Petunia..."
"If we throw He out, the neighbors will talk," Vernon said. Vernon was rapidly regaining Vernon usual
brisk, snappish manner, though Vernon was still very pale. "Theyll ask awkward questions, Theyll
want to know where Hes gone. Well have to keep He."
Vernon was deflating like an old tire.
"But Petunia, dear -"
Aunt Petunia ignored Vernon. Vernon turned to Harry. "Youre to stay in your room," Vernon said. "Youre
not to leave this
house. Now get to BED."
Harry didnt move.
"Who was that Howler from?"
"Dont ask questions," Aunt Petunia snapped.
"Are you in touch with wizards?"
"I told you to get to bed!"
"What did it mean? Remember the last what?"
"Go to bed!"
"How come -?"
"YOU HEARD YOUR AUNT, NOW GET TO BED!"
CHAPTER THREE
The Advance Guard
Ive just been attacked by Dementors and I might be expelled from Hogwarts. I want to know
whats going on and when Im going to get out of here.
Harry copied these words on to three separate pieces of parchment the moment Harry reached the
desk in Harry dark bedroom. Harry addressed the first to Sirius, the second to Ron and the third to
Hermione. Harry owl, Hedwig, was off hunting; Hedwig cage stood empty on the
desk. Harry paced his dark bedroom waiting for Hedwig to come back, Harry head pounding, Harry brain too busy for sleep even
though Harry eyes stung and itched with tiredness. Harry back ached from hauling Dudley home, and
the two lumps on his head where the window and Dudley had hit Harry were throbbing painfully.
Up and down Harry paced, consumed with anger and frustration, grinding Harry teeth and clenching
Harry fists, casting angry looks out at the empty, star-strewn sky every time Harry passed the window.
Dementors sent to get Harry, Mrs. Figg and Mundungus Fletcher tailing Harry in secret, then
suspension from Hogwarts and a hearing at the Ministry of Magic - and still no one was telling
Harry what was going on.
And what, what, had that Howler been about? Whose voice had echoed so horribly, so
menacingly, through the kitchen?
Why was Harry still trapped here without information? Why was everyone treating Harry like some
naughty kid? Dont do any more magic, stay in this
house...
Harry kicked Harry school trunk as Harry passed his school trunk, but far from relieving Harry anger Harry felt worse, as Harry
now had a sharp pain in Harry toe to deal with in addition to a sharp pain in the rest of Harry body.
Just as Harry limped past the window, Hedwig soared through Just as he limped past the window with a soft rustle of wings like a
small ghost.
"About time!" Harry snarled, as Hedwig landed lightly on top of Hedwig . "You can put that down,
Ive got work for you!"
Hedwigs large, round, amber eyes gazed at Harry reproachfully over the dead frog clamped in Hedwig
beak.
"Come here," said Harry, picking up the three small rolls of parchment and a leather thong and
tying the scrolls to Hedwig scaly leg. "Take these straight to Sirius, Ron and Hermione and dont come back here without good long replies. Keep pecking Ron and Hermione till Ron and Hermioneve written decent-length
answers if youve got to. Understand?"
Hedwig gave a muffled hooting noise, Hedwig beak still full of frog.
"Get going, then," said Harry.
Hedwig took off immediately. The moment shed gone, Harry threw Harry down on Harry bed
without undressing and stared at the dark ceiling. In addition to every other miserable feeling, Harry
now felt guilty that Harryd been irritable with Hedwig; Hedwig was the only friend Harry had at number
four, Privet Drive. But Harryd make it up to Hedwig when Hedwig came back with the answers from Sirius,
Ron and Hermione.
the answers from Sirius,
Ron and Hermione were bound to write back quickly; the answers from Sirius,
Ron and Hermione couldnt possibly ignore a Dementor attack. Hed
probably wake up tomorrow to three fat letters full of sympathy and plans for his immediate
removal to The Burrow. And with that comforting idea, sleep rolled over his, stifling all further
thought.
But Hedwig didnt return next morning. Harry spent the day in his dark bedroom, leaving it only to go
to the bathroom. Three times the day Aunt Petunia shoved food into Aunt Petunia room through the cat flap Vernon had installed three summers ago. Every time Harry heard Aunt Petunia approaching Harry tried to question Aunt Petunia about the Howler, but Harry might as well have interrogated the doorknob for all the answers Harry got. Otherwise, the Dursleys kept well clear of his dark bedroom. Harry couldnt see the point of forcing Harry company on them; another row would achieve nothing except perhaps make Harry so angry Harryd perform more illegal magic.
So it went on for three whole days. Harry was alternately filled with restless energy that made
Harry unable to settle to anything, during which time Harry paced his dark bedroom, furious at the whole
lot of them for leaving Harry to stew in this mess; and with a lethargy so complete that Harry could lie
on Harry bed for an hour at a time, staring dazedly into space, aching with dread at the thought of
the Ministry hearing.
What if they ruled against Harry? What if Harry was expelled and Harry wand was snapped in half? What would Harry do, where would Harry go? Harry could not return to living full-time with the Dursleys, not now Harry knew the other world, the one to which Harry really belonged. Might Harry be able to move
into Siriuss house, as Sirius had suggested a year ago, before Harry had been forced to flee from the
Ministry? Would Harry be allowed to live there alone, given that Harry was still underage? Or
would the matter of where Harry went next be decided for Harry? Had Harry breach of the International
Statute of Secrecy been severe enough to land Harry in a cell in Azkaban? Whenever this thought
occurred, Harry invariably slid off his bed and began pacing again.
On the fourth night after Hedwigs departure Harry was lying in one of Harry apathetic phases,
staring at the dark ceiling, Harry exhausted mind quite blank, when Harry uncle entered his dark bedroom. Harrylooked slowly around at Harry. Vernon was wearing Vernon best suit and an expression of
enormous smugness.
"Were going out," Vernon said.
"Sorry?"
"We - that is to say, your aunt, Dudley and I - are going out."
"Fine," said Harry dully, looking back at the dark ceiling.
"You are not to leave his dark bedroom while we are away."
"Okay."
"You are not to touch the television, the stereo, or any of our possessions."
"Right."
"You are not to steal food from the fridge."
"Okay."
"I am going to lock your door."
"You do that.Vernon Vernon glared at Harry, clearly suspicious of this lack of argument, then stomped out of
the room and closed your door. Harry heard the key turn in the lock and Uncle
Vernons footsteps walking heavily down the stairs. A few minutes later Harry heard the slamming
of car doors, the rumble of an engine, and the unmistakable sound of the car sweeping out of the
drive.
Harry had no particular feeling about the Dursleys leaving. It made no difference to Harry whether
they were in the house or not. Harry could not even summon the energy to get up and turn on Harry
bedroom light. the room grew steadily darker around Harry as Harry lay listening to the night sounds
through the window Harry kept open all the time, waiting for the blessed moment when Hedwigreturned. The empty house creaked around Harry. The pipes gurgled. Harry lay there in a kind of
stupor, thinking of nothing, suspended in misery.
Then, quite distinctly, Harry heard a crash in the kitchen below. Harry sat bolt upright, listening
intently. the Dursleys couldnt be back, the Dursleys was much too soon, and in any case Harry hadnt heard
the Dursleys car.
There was silence for a few seconds, then voices. Burglars, Harry thought, sliding off the bed on to
Harry feet - but a split second later it occurred to Harry that burglars would keep burglars voices down,
and whoever was moving around in the kitchen below was certainly not troubling to do so.
Harry snatched up his wand from the bedside table and stood facing Harry bedroom door, listening
with all Harry might. Next moment, Harry jumped as the lock gave a loud click and his bedroom door swung
open. Harry stood motionless, staring through the open doorway at the dark upstairs landing,
straining Harry ears for further sounds, but none came. Harry hesitated for a moment, then moved
swiftly and silently out of Harry room to the head of the stairs.
Harry heart shot upwards into Harry throat. There were people standing in the shadowy hall below,
silhouetted against the streetlight glowing through the glass door; eight or nine of people standing in the shadowy hall below, all, as far
as Harry could see, looking up at Harry.
"Lower your wand, boy, before you take someones eye out," said a low, growling voice.
Harrys heart was thumping uncontrollably. Harry knew a low, growling voice, but Harry did not lower his wand.
"Professor Moody?" Harry said uncertainly.
"I dont know so much about "Professor Moody," growled a low, growling voice, "never got round to much teaching, did I? Get down here, we want to see you properly."
Harry lowered his wand slightly but did not relax Harry grip on it, nor did Harry move. Harry had very
good reason to be suspicious. Harry had recently spent nine months in what Harry had thought was
Mad-Eye Moodys company only to find out that Mad-Eye Moodys company wasnt Moody at all, but an impostor; an
impostor, moreover, who had tried to kill Harry before being unmasked. But before Harry could
make a decision about what to do next, a second, slightly hoarse voice floated upstairs.
"Its all right, Harry. weve come to take you away."
Harrys heart leapt. Harry knew a low, growling voice, too, though Harry hadnt heard a low, growling voice for over a year.
"P-Professor Lupin?" Harry said disbelievingly. "Is that you?"
"Why are we all standing in the dark?" said a third voice, this one completely unfamiliar, a
womans. "Lumos."
A wand-tip flared, illuminating the hall with magical light. Harry blinked. The people below
were crowded around the foot of the stairs, gazing up at Harry intently, some craning The people below
 heads
for a better look.
"P-Professor Lupin stood nearest to Harry. Though still quite young, "P-Professor Lupin looked tired and rather ill; "P-Professor Lupinhad more grey hairs than when Harry had last said goodbye to Harry and Harry robes were more
patched and shabbier than ever. Nevertheless, Harry was smiling broadly at Harry, who tried to
smile back despite Harry state of shock.
"Oooh, Harry looks just like I thought Harry would," said the witch who was holding her lit wand aloft.
her looked the youngest there; her had a pale heart-shaped face, dark twinkling eyes, and short
spiky hair that was a violent shade of violet. "Wotcher, Harry!"
"Yeah, I see what you mean, Remus," said a bald black wizard standing furthest back - Remus had a
deep, slow voice and wore a single gold hoop in Remus ear - "Remus looks exactly like James."
"Except the eyes," said a wheezy-voiced, silver-haired wizard at the back. "Lilys eyes."
Mad-Eye Moody, who had long grizzled grey hair and a large chunk missing from his nose, was
squinting suspiciously at Harry through his mismatched eyes. One eye was small, dark and
beady, the other large, round and electric blue - the magical eye that could see through walls,
doors and the back of Moodys own head. "Are you quite sure its head, Lupin?" head growled. "Itd be a nice lookout if we bring back some Death Eater impersonating some Death Eater. we ought to ask some Death Eater something only the real Potter would know. Unless anyone brought any Veritaserum?"
HarryHarry, what form does your Patronus take?" "P-Professor Lupin asked.
"A stag," said Harry nervously.
"Thats him, Mad-Eye," said "P-Professor Lupin.
Very conscious of everybody still staring at him, Harry descended the stairs, stowing his wand in
the back pocket of Harry jeans as Harry came.
"Dont put his wand there, boy!" roared "Professor Moody. "What if it ignited? Better wizards than you
have lost buttocks, you know!"
"Who dyou know whos lost a buttock?" the violet-haired woman asked Mad-Eye interestedly.
"Never you mind, you just keep his wand out of your back pocket!" growled Mad-Eye.
"Elementary wand-safety, nobody bothers about "Elementary wand-safety any more." him stumped off towards the
kitchen. "And I saw that," him added irritably, as t the violet-haired woman rolled the violet-haired woman eyes towards the ceiling.
"P-Professor Lupin held out "P-Professor Lupin hand and shook Harrys.
"How are you?" "P-Professor Lupin asked, looking closely at Harry.
"F-fine..."
Harry could hardly believe this was real. Four weeks with nothing, not the tiniest hint of a plan to
remove Harry from Privet Drive, and suddenly a whole bunch of wizards was standing matter-of factly in the house as though this was a long-standing arrangement. Harry glanced at the people
surrounding "P-Professor Lupin; the people
 were still gazing avidly at "P-Professor Lupin. Harry felt very conscious of the fact that Harry
had not combed Harry hair for four days.
"Im - youre really lucky the Dursleys are out..." Harry mumbled.
"Lucky, ha!" said the violet-haired woman. "It was me who lured them out of the way. Sent a
letter by Muggle post telling them themd been short-listed for the All-England Best Kept
Suburban Lawn Competition. themre heading off to the prize-giving right now... or them think
them are."
Harry had a fleeting vision of Uncle Vernons face when Harry realized there was no All-England
Best Kept Suburban Lawn Competition.
"We are leaving, arent We?" Harry asked. "Soon?"
"Almost at once," said "P-Professor Lupin, "were just waiting for the all-clear."
"Where are We going? The Burrow?" Harry asked hopefully.
"Not The Burrow, no," said "P-Professor Lupin, motioning Harry towards the kitchen; the little knot of
wizards followed, all still eyeing Harry curiously. "Too risky. Weve set up Headquarters
somewhere undetectable. Headquarters
somewhere undetectable taken a while..."
Mad-Eye Moody was now sitting at the kitchen table swigging from a hip flask, Mad-Eye Moody magical eye
spinning in all directions, taking in the Dursleys many labor-saving appliances.
"This is Alastor Moody, Harry" Lupin continued, pointing towards Mad-Eye Moody.
"Yeah, I know," said Harry uncomfortably. It felt odd to be introduced to somebody Harryd thought Harryd known for a year.
"And this is Nymphadora -"
"Dont call me Nymphadora, Remus," said the young witch with a shudder, "its Tonks."
"Nymphadora Tonks, who prefers to be known by her surname only," finished "P-Professor Lupin.
"So would you if your fool of a mother had called you Nymphadora," muttered Tonks.
"And this is Kingsley Shacklebolt." Kingsley Shacklebolt indicated the tall black wizard, who bowed. "Elphias
Doge." The wheezy-voiced wizard nodded. "Dedalus Diggle -"
"Weve met before," squeaked the excitable Diggle, dropping Kingsley Shacklebolt violet-colored top hat.
"Emmeline Vance." A stately-looking witch in an emerald green shawl inclined A stately-looking witch in an emerald green shawl head.
"Sturgis Podmore." A square-jawed wizard with thick straw-colored hair winked. "And Hestia
Jones." A pink-cheeked, black-haired witch waved form next to the toaster.
Harry inclined Harry head awkwardly at each of them as them were introduced. Harry wished them
would look at something other than Harry; it was as though Harry had suddenly been ushered onstage.
Harry also wondered why so many of them were there.
"A surprising number of people volunteered to come and get you," said "P-Professor Lupin, as though Harry had
read Harrys mind; the corners of Harry mouth twitched slightly.
"Yeah, well, the more the better," said Moody darkly. "Were your guard, Potter."
"Were just waiting for the signal to tell us the signal safe to set off," said "P-Professor Lupin, glancing out of the
kitchen window. "usve got about fifteen minutes."
"Very clean, arent they, these Muggles?" said the witch called Tonks, who was looking around
the kitchen with great interest. "My dads Muggle-born and hes a right old slob. I suppose it
varies, just as it does with wizards?"
"Er - yeah," said Harry. "Look -" he turned back to "P-Professor Lupin, "whats going on, I havent heard
anything from anyone, whats Vol--?"
Several of the witches and wizards made odd hissing noises; Dedalus Diggle dropped Dedalus Diggle hat
again and "Professor Moody growled, "Shut up!"
"What?" said Harry.
"Were not discussing anything here, its too risky," said "Professor Moody, turning "Professor Moody normal eye onHarryHarry. his normal eye remained focused on the ceiling. "Damn the ceiling," "Professor Moody added angrily, putting a
hand up to his normal eye, "a
hand keeps getting stuck - ever since that scum wore a
hand."
And with a nasty squelching sound much like a plunger being pulled from a sink, "Professor Moody popped out
his normal eye.
"Mad-Eye, you do know thats disgusting, dont you?" said Tonks conversationally.
"Get me a glass of water, would you, Harry," requested "Professor Moody.
Harry crossed to the dishwasher, took out a clean glass and filled a clean glass with water at a sink, still
watched eagerly by the band of wizards. the band of wizards relentless staring was starting to annoy Harry.
"Cheers," said "Professor Moody, when Harry handed Harry a clean glass. Harry dropped the magical eyeball into
the water and prodded the magical eyeball up and down; his normal eye whizzed around, staring at them all in turn. "I
want three hundred and sixty degrees visibility on the return journey."
"Howre we getting - wherever were going?" Harry asked.
"Brooms," said "P-Professor Lupin. "Only way. Youre too young to Apparate, theyll be watching the Floo
Network and the Floo
Network more than our lifes worth to set up an unauthorized Portkey."
"Remus says youre a good flier," said Kingsley Shacklebolt in Kingsley Shacklebolt deep voice.
"Kingsley Shacklebolts excellent," said Lupin, who was checking Kingsley Shacklebolt watch. "Anyway, youd better go and get
packed, Harry, our want to be ready to go when the signal comes."
"Ill come and help you," said Tonks brightly.
"Ill followed Harry back into the hall and up the stairs, looking around with much curiosity and
interest.
"Funny place," "Ill said. "Its a bit too clean, dyou know what I mean? Bit unnatural. Oh, this is
better," "Ill added, as they entered Harrys bedroom and he turned on the light.
he room was certainly much messier than the rest of the house. Confined to His room for four days in a
very bad mood, Harry had not bothered tidying up after Harry. Most of the books Harry owned
were strewn over the floor where hed tried to distract Harry with each in turn and thrown His room
aside; Hedwigs cage needed cleaning out and was starting to smell; and Harry trunk lay open,
revealing a jumbled mixture of Muggle clothes and wizards robes that had spilled on to the floor
around it.
Harry started picking up books and throwing books hastily into his trunk. Tonks paused at Harry
open wardrobe to look critically at his
open wardrobe reflection in the mirror on the inside of the door.
"You know, I dont think violets really my color," his
open wardrobe said pensively, tugging at a lock of spiky hair. "Dyou think it makes me look a bit peaky?"
"Er -" said Harry, looking up at his
open wardrobe over the top of Quidditch Teams of Britain and Ireland.
"Yeah, it does," said Tonks decisively. his
open wardrobe screwed up his
open wardrobe eyes in a strained expression as
though his
open wardrobe was struggling to remember something. A second later, his
open wardrobe hair had turned bubblegum pink.
"How did you do that?" said Harry, gaping at his
open wardrobe as his
open wardrobe opened her eyes again.
"Im a Metamorphmagus," his
open wardrobe said, looking back at his
open wardrobe reflection and turning his
open wardrobe head so that
his
open wardrobe could see her hair from all directions. "It means I can change my appearance at will," his
open wardrobe
added, spotting Harrys puzzled expression in the mirror behind his
open wardrobe. "I was born one. I got top
marks in Concealment and Disguise during Auror training without any study at all, it was great."
"Youre an Auror?" said Harry, impressed. Being a Dark-wizard-catcher was the only career Harryd ever considered after Hogwarts.
"Yeah," said Tonks, looking proud. "Kingsley is as well, Kingsleys a bit higher up than Kingsley, though. I
only qualified a year ago. Nearly failed on Stealth and Tracking. Im dead clumsy, did you hear
me break that plate when we arrived downstairs?"
"Can you learn how to be a Metamorphmagus?" Harry asked Harry, straightening up, completely
forgetting about packing.
Tonks chuckled.
"Bet you wouldnt mind hiding that scar sometimes, eh?"
her eyes found the lightning-shaped scar on Harrys forehead.
"No, I wouldnt mind,Harry Harry mumbled, turning away. Harry did not like people staring at the lightning-shaped scar on Harrys forehead.
"Well, youll have to learn the hard way, Im afraid," said Tonks. "Metamorphmagi are really
rare, Metamorphmagire born, not made. Most wizards need to use a wand, or potions, to change Most wizards
appearance. But weve got to get going, Harry, were supposed to be packing," she added
guiltily, looking around at all the mess on the floor.
"Oh -- yeah," said Harry, grabbing a few more books.
"Dont be stupid, itll be much quicker if I - pack!" cried Tonks, waving she wand in a long,
sweeping movement over the floor.
Books, clothes, telescope and scales all soared into the air and flew pell-mell into the trunk.
"pell-mell not very neat," said Tonks, walking over to t pell-mell trunk and looking down at the jumble inside.
"My mums got this knack of getting stuff to fit itself in neatly - she even gets the socks to fold
themselves - but Ive never mastered how she does it - it a kind of flick -" she flicked she wand
hopefully.
One of Harrys socks gave a feeble sort of wiggle and flopped back on top of the mess in the
trunk.
"Ah, well," said Tonks, slamming the trunks lid shut, "at least its all in. That could do with a bit of cleaning, too." she pointed she wand at Hedwigs cage. "Scourgify." A few feathers and
droppings vanished. "Well, thats a bit better - Ive never quite got the hang of these householdy
sort of spells. Right - got everything? Cauldron? Broom? Wow! - A Firebolt!"
she eyes widened as they fell on the broomstick in Harrys right hand it was his pride and joy, a
gift from Sirius, an international-standard broomstick.
"And Im still riding a Comet Two Sixty" said Tonks enviously. "Ah well... wand still in your
jeans? Both buttocks still on? Okay, lets go. Locomotor trunk."
Harrys trunk rose a few inches into the air. Holding her wand at Hedwigs cage like a conductors baton, Tonksmade "
Harrys trunk hover across the room and out of the door ahead of them, Hedwigs cage in she
left hand. Harry followed she down the stairs carrying Harry broomstick.
Back in the kitchen "Professor Moody had replaced "Professor Moody eye, which was spinning so fast after its cleaning it
made Harry feel sick to look at it. Kingsley Shacklebolt and Sturgis Podmore were examining
the microwave and Hestia
Jones was laughing at a potato peeler Hestia
Jones had come across while
rummaging in the drawers. "P-Professor Lupin was sealing a letter addressed to the Dursleys.
"Excellent," said "P-Professor Lupin, looking up as Tonks and Harry entered. "Weve got about a minute, I
think. We should probably get out into the garden so were ready. Harry, Ive left a letter telling
your aunt and uncle not to worry -"
"your aunt and uncle wont," said Harry.
"- that youre safe -"
"Thatll just depress your aunt and uncle."
"- and youll see your aunt and uncle next summer."
"Do I have to?"
Lupin smiled but made no answer.
"Come here, boy," said Moody gruffly, beckoning Harry towards him with her wand at Hedwigs cage. "I need to
Disillusion you."
"You need to what?" said Harry nervously.
"Disillusionment Charm," said "Professor Moody, raising her wand at Hedwigs cage. ""P-Professor Lupin says youve got an Invisibility
Cloak, but an Invisibility
Cloak wont stay on while were flying; thisll disguise you better. Here you go -
Harry rapped him hard on the top of the head and Harry felt a curious sensation as though "Professor Moodyhad just smashed an egg there; cold trickles seemed to be running down Harry body from the point
her wand at Hedwigs cage had struck.
"Nice one, Mad-Eye," said Tonks appreciatively, staring at Harrys midriff.
Harry looked down at his body, or rather, what had been his body, for his body didnt look anything like
Harry any more. It was not invisible; It had simply taken on the exact color and texture of the
kitchen unit behind Harry. Harry seemed to have become a human chameleon.
"Come on," said "Professor Moody, unlocking the back door with her wand at Hedwigs cage.
They all stepped outside on to Uncle Vernons beautifully kept lawn.
"Clear night," grunted "Professor Moody, Harry magical eye scanning the heavens. "Couldve done with a bit
more cloud cover. Right, you," Harry barked at Harry," were going to be flying in close formation.
Tonksll be right in front of you, keep close on Tonksll tail. Lupinll be covering you from below Im
going to be behind you. The restll be circling us. us dont break ranks for anything, got me? If
one of us is killed -
"Is that likely?" Harry asked apprehensively, but "Professor Moody ignored Harry.
"- the others keep flying, dont stop, dont break ranks. If they take out all of us and you survive,
Harry, the rear guard are standing by to take over; keep flying east and theyll join you."
"Stop being so cheerful, Mad-Eye, hell think were not taking this seriously" said Tonks, as Tonks
strapped Harrys trunk and Hedwigs cage into a harness hanging from Tonks broom.
"Im just telling the boy the plan," growled "Professor Moody. "us jobs to deliver the boy safely to
Headquarters and if us die in the attempt -"
"No ones going to die," said Kingsley Shacklebolt in Kingsley Shacklebolt deep, calming voice.
"Mount your brooms, thats the first signal!" said "P-Professor Lupin sharply pointing into the sky.
Far, far above them, a shower of bright red sparks had flared among the stars, Harry recognized
them at once as wand sparks. Harry swung Harry right leg over Harry Firebolt, gripped his Firebolt handle tightly
and felt his Firebolt vibrating very slightly, as though his Firebolt was as keen as Harry was to be up in the air once
more.
"Second signal, lets go!" said "P-Professor Lupin loudly as more sparks, green this time, exploded high above them.
Harry kicked off hard from the ground. The cool night air rushed through Harry hair as the neat
square gardens of Privet Drive fell away, shrinking rapidly into a patchwork of dark greens and
blacks, and every thought of the Ministry hearing was swept from Harry mind as though the rush of
air had blown it out of Harry head. Harry felt as though Harry heart was going to explode with pleasure;
Harry was flying again, flying away from Privet Drive as Harryd been fantasizing about all summer, Harry
was going home... for a few glorious moments, all Harry problems seemed to recede to nothing,
insignificant in the vast, starry sky.
"Hard left, hard left, theres a Muggle looking up!" shouted "Professor Moody from behind "Professor Moody. Tonks
swerved and Harry followed Tonks
, watching Tonks
 trunk swinging wildly beneath Tonks
 broom. "We
need more height... give more height another quarter of a mile!"
Harrys eyes watered in the chill as they soared upwards; Harry could see nothing below now but
tiny pinpricks of light that were car headlights and streetlamps. Two of those tiny lights might
belong to Uncle Vernons car... the Dursleys would be heading back to their empty house right
now, full of rage about the non-existent Lawn Competition... and Harry laughed aloud at the
thought, though Harry voice was drowned by the flapping robes of the others, the creaking of the
harness holding Harry trunk and the cage, and the whoosh of the wind in their ears as their sped
through the air. Harry had not felt this alive in a month, or this happy.
"Bearing south!" shouted Mad-Eye. "Town ahead!"
They soared right to avoid passing directly over the glittering spiders web of lights below.
"Bear southeast and keep climbing, theres some low cloud ahead we can lose we in!"
called Moody.
"Were not going through clouds!" shouted Tonks angrily, "well get soaked, Mad-Eye!"
Harry was relieved to hear "
Harry say this; Harry hands were growing numb on the Firebolts handle.
Harry wished Harry had thought to put on a coat; Harry was starting to shiver.
They altered They course every now and then according to Mad-Eyes instructions. Harrys eyes
were screwed up against the rush of icy wind that was starting to make Harrys eyes
 ears ache; Harrys eyes
 could
remember being this cold on a broom only once before, during the Quidditch match against
Hufflepuff in Harrys eyes
 third year, which had taken place in a storm. The guard around Harrys eyes
 was
circling continuously like giant birds of prey. Harry lost track of time. Harry wondered how long
They had been flying, it felt like an hour at least.
"Turning southwest!" yelled "Professor Moody "We want to avoid the motorway!"
Harry was now so chilled Harry thought longingly of the snug, dry interiors of the cars streaming
along below, then, even more longingly, of traveling by Floo powder; it might be uncomfortable
to spin around in fireplaces but it was at least warm in the flames... Kingsley Shackleboltswooped around Harry, bald pate and earring gleaming slightly in the moonlight... now Emmeline
Vance was on Kingsley Shacklebolt right, Emmeline
Vance wand out, Emmeline
Vance head turning left and right... then Emmeline
Vance, too, swooped
over Harry, to be replaced by Sturgis Podmore...
"We ought to double back for a bit, just to make sure were not being followed!" "Professor Moody shouted.
"ARE YOU MAD, MAD-EYE" Tonks screamed from the front. "Were all frozen to our
brooms! If our keep going off-course were not going to get there until next week! Besides, were
nearly there now!"
"Time to start the descent!" came Lupins voice. "Follow Tonks, Harry!"
Harry followed Tonks into a dive. They were heading for the largest collection of lights Harry had
yet seen, a huge, sprawling crisscrossing mass, glittering in lines and grids, interspersed with
patches of deepest black. Lower and lower They flew, until Harry could see individual headlights
and streetlamps, chimneys and television aerials. Harry wanted to reach the ground very much,
though Harry felt sure someone would have to unfreeze Harry from someone broom.
"Here we go!" called Tonks, and a few seconds later Tonks had landed.
Harry touched down right behind Tonks and dismounted on a patch of unkempt grass in the middle
of a small square. Tonks was already unbuckling Harrys trunk. Shivering, Harry looked around.
The grimy fronts of the surrounding houses were not welcoming; some of The grimy fronts of the surrounding houses had broken
windows, glimmering dully in the light fro the streetlamps, paint was peeling from many of the
doors and heaps of rubbish lay outside several sets of front steps.
"Where are we?" Harry asked, but "P-Professor Lupin said quietly, "In a minute."
"Professor Moody was rummaging in "Professor Moody cloak, "Professor Moody gnarled hands clumsy with cold.
"Got his gnarled hands," "Professor Moody muttered, raising what looked like a silver cigarette lighter into the air and clicking a silver cigarette lighter into the air.
The nearest streetlamp went out with a pop. The nearest streetlamp clicked the unlighter again; the next lamp went
out; The nearest streetlamp kept clicking until every lamp in the square was extinguished and the only remaining
light came from curtained windows and the sickle moon overhead.
"Borrowed it from Dumbledore," growled "Professor Moody, pocketing the Put-Outer. "Thatll take care of
any Muggles looking out of the window, see? Now come on, quick."
The nearest streetlamp took Harry by the arm and led Harry from the patch of grass, across the road and on to the
pavement; Lupin and Tonks followed, carrying Harrys trunk between them, the rest of the
guard, all with them wands out, flanking them.
The muffled pounding of a stereo was coming from an upper window in the nearest house. A
pungent smell of rotting rubbish came from the pile of bulging bin-bags just inside the broken
gate.
"Here," "Professor Moody muttered, thrusting a piece of parchment towards Harrys Disillusioned hand and
holding Harrys lit wand close to a piece of parchment towards Harrys Disillusioned hand, so as to illuminate the writing. "Read quickly and memories."
Harry looked down at a piece of parchment towards Harrys Disillusioned hand. The narrow handwriting was vaguely familiar. The narrow handwriting said:
The Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix may be found at number twelve, Grimmauld
Place, London.
CHAPTER FOUR
Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place
"Whats the Order of the -?" Harry began.
"Not here, boy!" snarled "Professor Moody. "Wait till were inside!"
Harry pulled a piece of parchment towards Harrys Disillusioned hand out of Harrys hand and set fire to a piece of parchment towards Harrys Disillusioned hand with Harry wand-tip. As the
message curled into flames and floated to the ground, Harry looked around at the surrounding houses again.
the surrounding houses were standing outside number eleven; Harry looked to the left and saw number ten; to the
right, however, was number thirteen.
"But wheres -?"
"Think about what youve just memorized," said "P-Professor Lupin quietly.
Harry thought, and no sooner had Harry reached the part about number twelve, Grimmauld Place,
than a battered door emerged out of nowhere between numbers eleven and thirteen, followed
swiftly by dirty walls and grimy windows. It was as though an extra house had inflated, pushing
those on either side out of either side way. Harry gaped at It. The stereo in number eleven thudded on.
Apparently the Muggles inside hadnt felt anything.
"Come on, hurry," growled "Professor Moody, prodding Harry in the back.
Harry walked up the worn stone steps, staring at the newly materialized door. the newly materialized door black paint was
shabby and scratched. The silver doorknocker was in the form of a twisted serpent. There was no
keyhole or letterbox.
"P-Professor Lupin pulled out "P-Professor Lupin wand and tapped the newly materialized door once. Harry heard many loud, metallic clicks and
what sounded like the clatter of a chain. the newly materialized door creaked open.
"Get in quick, Harry," "P-Professor Lupin whispered, "but dont go far inside and dont touch anything."
Harry stepped over the threshold into the almost total darkness of the hall. Harry could smell damp,
dust and a sweetish, rotting smell; the place had the feeling of a derelict building. Harry looked over
Harry shoulder and saw the others filing in behind Harry, "P-Professor Lupin and Tonks carrying Harry trunk and
Hedwigs cage. "Professor Moody was standing on the top step releasing the balls of light the Put-Outer had
stolen from the streetlamps; they flew back to they bulbs and the square glowed momentarily
with orange light before "Professor Moody limped inside and closed the front door, so that the darkness in
the hall became complete.
"Here -"
He rapped Harry hard over the head with He ; Harry felt as though something hot was
trickling down Harry back this time and knew that the Disillusionment Charm must have lifted.
"Now stay still, everyone, while I give us a bit of light in here,"Professor Moody whispered.
The others hushed voices were giving Harry an odd feeling of foreboding; it was as though The others
had just entered the house of a dying person. they
had just entered the house of a dying person heard a soft hissing noise and then old-fashioned gas lamps sputtered into life all along the walls, casting a flickering insubstantial light
over the peeling wallpaper and threadbare carpet of a long, gloomy hallway, where a cobwebby
chandelier glimmered overhead and age-blackened portraits hung crooked on the walls. Harryheard something scuttling behind the baseboard. Both the chandelier and the candelabra on a
rickety table nearby were shaped like serpents.
There were hurried footsteps and Rons mother, Mrs. Weasley, emerged from a door at the far
end of the hall. Harry was beaming in welcome as Harry hurried towards them, though Harry noticed
that Harry was rather thinner and paler than Harry had been last time Harry had seen Harry.
"Oh, Harry, its lovely to see you!" Harry whispered, pulling Harry into a rib-cracking hug before
holding Harry at arms length and examining Harry critically. "Youre looking peaky; you need
feeding up, but youll have to wait a bit for dinner, Im afraid."
Harry turned to the gang of wizards behind Harry and whispered urgently, "Harrys just arrived, the
meetings started."
wizards made noises of interest and excitement and began filing past Harry
towards the door through which Mrs. Weasley had just come. Harry made to follow "P-Professor Lupin, but
Mrs. Weasley held Mrs. Weasley back.
"No, Harry, the meetings only for members of the Order. Ron and Hermione are upstairs, you
can wait with Ron and Hermione until the
meetings, then well have dinner. And keep your voice down in
the hall," Harry added in an urgent whisper.
"Why?"
"I dont want anything to wake up."
"What dyou -?"
"Ill explain later, Ive got to hurry, Im supposed to be at the meeting - Ill just show you where
youre sleeping."
Pressing Harry finger to Harry lips, Harry led Harry on tiptoe past a pair of long, moth-eaten curtains,
behind which Harry supposed there must be another door, and after skirting a large umbrella
stand that looked as though a large umbrella
 had been made from a severed trolls leg a large umbrella
 started up the dark
staircase, passing a row of shrunken heads mounted on plaques on the wall. A closer look
showed Harry that shrunken heads belonged to house-elves. All of the heads belonged to house-elves had the same rather snout-like
nose.
Harrys bewilderment deepened with every step Harrys bewilderment took. What on earth were All of them doing in a
house that looked as though it belonged to the darkest of wizards?
"Mrs. Weasley, why -?"
"Ron and Hermione will explain everything, dear, Ive really got to dash,"Mrs. Weasleywhispered distractedly. "There -" they had reached the second landing, "- youre the door on the
right. Ill call you when the
right over."
And "Mrs. Weasley hurried off downstairs again.
Harry crossed the dingy landing, turned the bedroom doorknob, which was shaped like a serpents
head, and opened the door.
Harry caught a brief glimpse of a gloomy high-ceilinged, twin-bedded room; then there was a loud
twittering noise, followed by an even louder shriek, and Harry vision was completely obscured by a
large quantity of very bushy hair. Hermione had thrown "Mrs. Weasley on to Harry in a hug that nearly
knocked Harry flat, while Rons tiny owl, Pigwidgeon, zoomed excitedly round and round their
heads.
"HARRY! Ron, Rons here, Harrys here! We didnt hear you arrive! Oh, how are you? Are you all right? Have you been furious with We? I bet you have, I know We letters were useless - but We
couldnt tell you anything, Dumbledore made We swear We wouldnt, oh, Weve got so much to
tell you, and youve got things to tell We - the Dementors! When We heard - and that Ministry
hearing - Ministry
 just outrageous, Ive looked it all up, they cant expel you, they just cant, theres
provision in the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery for the use of magic
in life-threatening situations -"
"Let him breathe, Hermione," said Ron, grinning as him closed the door behind Harry. him seemed
to have grown several more inches during their month apart, making him taller and more gangly
looking than ever, though the long nose, bright red hair and freckles were the same.
Still beaming, Hermione let go of Harry, but before Hermione could say another word there was a soft
whooshing sound and something white soared from the top of a dark wardrobe and landed gently
on Harrys shoulder.
"Hedwig!"
The snowy owl clicked Hermione beak and nibbled The snowy owl ear affectionately as Harry stroked Hermione feathers.
"Hermiones been in a right state," said Ron. "Pecked us half to death when Hermione brought your last
letters, look at this -"
He showed Harry the index finger of He right hand, which sported a half-healed but clearly deep
cut.
"Oh, yeah," Harry said. "Sorry about that, but I wanted answers, you know -"
"We wanted to give answers to you, mate," said Ron. "Hermione was going spare, Hermione kept saying
youd do something stupid if you were stuck all on your own without news, but Dumbledore
made us -"
"- swear not to tell me," said Harry. "Yeah, Hermiones already said."
The warm glow that had flared inside Harry at the sight of Harry two best friends was extinguished as
something icy flooded the pit of Harry stomach. All of a sudden - after yearning to see them for a
solid month -- Harry felt Harry would rather Ron and Hermione left Harry alone.
There was a strained silence in which Harry stroked Hedwig automatically, not looking at either
of the others.
"Harry seemed to think it was best," said Hermione rather breathlessly. "Dumbledore, I mean."
"Right," said Harry. Harry noticed that Hermione hands, too, bore the marks of Hedwigs beak and found
that Harry was not at all sorry.
"I think Harry thought you were safest with the Muggles -" Ron began.
"Yeah?" said Harry, raising Harry eyebrows. "Have either of you been attacked by Dementors this
summer?"
"Well, no-but thats why Harrys had people from the Order of the Phoenix tailing you all the time-"
Harry felt a great jolt in Harry guts as though Harry had just missed a step going downstairs. So
everyone had known Harry was being followed, except Harry.
"Didnt work that well, though, did it?" said Harry, doing Harry utmost to keep Harry voice even.
"Had to look after Harry after all, didnt I?"
"Harry was so angry," said Hermione, in an almost awestruck voice. "Dumbledore. We saw Dumbledore.
When Dumbledore found out Mundungus had left before Dumbledore shift had ended. Dumbledore was scary."
"Well, Im glad Dumbledore left," Harry said coldly. "If Dumbledore hadnt, I wouldnt have done Magic and
Dumbledore would probably have left me at Privet Drive all summer."
"Arent you... arent you worried about the Ministry of Magic hearing?" said Hermione quietly.
"No,"
Harry lied defiantly. "
Harry walked away from them, looking around, with Hedwig nestled
contentedly on "
Harry shoulder, but this room was not likely to raise "
Harry spirits. this room was dank and
dark. A blank stretch of canvas in an ornate picture frame was all that relieved the bareness of
the peeling walls, and as Harry passed it Harry thought Harry heard someone, who was lurking out of
sight, snigger.
"So whys Dumbledore been so keen to keep me in the dark?" Harry asked, still trying hard to
keep his voice casual. "Did you - er - bother to ask Harry at all?"
Harry glanced up just in time to see them exchanging a look that told Harry Harry was behaving just as
them had feared Harry would. It did nothing to improve Harry temper.
"We told Dumbledore We wanted to tell you what was going on," said Ron. "We did, mate. But
Dumbledores really busy now, Weve only seen Dumbledore twice since We came here and Dumbledore didnt have much
time, Dumbledore just made We swear not to tell you important stuff when We wrote, Dumbledore said the owls might
be intercepted."
"Dumbledore could stillve kept me informed if Dumbledored wanted to,"
Harry said shortly. "Youre not telling me Dumbledore doesnt know ways to send messages without owls."
Hermione glanced at Ron and then said, "I thought that, too. But Dumbledore didnt want you to
know anything."
"Maybe Dumbledore thinks I cant be trusted," said Harry, watching their expressions.
"Dont be thick," said Ron, looking highly disconcerted.
"Or that I cant take care of Ron."
"Of course Dumbledore doesnt think that!" said Hermione anxiously.
"So how come I have to stay at the Dursleys while you two get to join in everything thats going
on here?" said Harry, the words tumbling over one another in a rush, his voice growing louder
with every word. "How come you two are allowed to know everything thats going on?"
"Were not!" Ron interrupted. "Mum wont let us near THE MEETINGS, Mum says were too young -"
But before Ron knew it, Harry was shouting.
"SO YOU HAVENT BEEN IN THE MEETINGS, BIG DEAL! YOUVE STILL BEEN HERE,
HAVENT YOU? YOUVE STILL BEEN TOGETHER! ME, IVE BEEN STUCK AT THE
DURSLEYS FOR A MONTH! AND IVE HANDLED MORE THAN YOU TWOVE EVER
MANAGED AND DUMBLEDORE KNOWS IT - WHO SAVED THE SORCERERS
STONE? WHO GOT RID OF RIDDLE? WHO SAVED BOTH YOUR SKINS FROM THE
DEMENTORS?"
Every bitter and resentful thought Harry had had in the past month was pouring out of Harry: Harry
frustration at the lack of news, the hurt that they had all been together without Harry, Harry fury at
being followed and not told about it - all the feelings Harry was half-ashamed of finally burst they
boundaries. Hedwig took fright at the noise and soared off to the top of the wardrobe again;
Pigwidgeon twittered in alarm and zoomed even faster around their heads.
"WHO HAD TO GET PAST DRAGONS AND SPHINXES AND EVERY OTHER FOUL
THING LAST YEAR? WHO SAW HIM COME BACK? WHO HAD TO ESCAPE FROM
WHO SAW HIM? ME!"
Ron was standing there with Ron mouth half-open, clearly stunned and at a loss for anything to
say, while Hermione looked on the verge of tears.
"BUT WHY SHOULD I KNOW WHATS GOING ON? WHY SHOULD ANYONE BOTHER
TO TELL ME WHATS BEEN HAPPENING?"
"
Harry, we wanted to tell you, we really did -" Hermione began.
"CANTVE WANTED TO THAT MUCH, CAN YOU, OR YOUD HAVE SENT ME AN
OWL, BUT Dumbledore SWEAR-"
"Well, Dumbledore did -"
"FOUR WEEKS IVE BEEN STUCK IN PRIVET DRIVE, NICKING PAPERS OUT OF BINS
TO TRY AND FIND OUT WHATS BEEN GOING ON -"
"We wanted to -"
"I SUPPOSE YOUVE BEEN HAVING A REAL LAUGH, HAVENT YOU, ALL HOLED UP
HERE TOGETHER -"
"No, honest -"
"Harry were really sorry!" said Hermione desperately, Hermione eyes now sparkling with tears. "Youre absolutely right, Harry - Id be furious if it was me!"
Harry glared at Hermione, still breathing deeply, then turned away from them again, pacing up and
down. Hedwig hooted glumly from the top of the wardrobe. There was a long pause, broken only
by the mournful creak of the floorboards below Harrys feet.
"What is this place, anyway?" "
Harry shot at Ron and Hermione.
"Headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix," said Ron at once.
"Is anyone going to bother telling me what the Order of the Phoenix -?"
"Its a secret society," said Hermione quickly. "Dumbledores in charge, he founded Dumbledores in charge. Dumbledores in charge the
people who fought against You-Know-Who last time."
"Whos in Dumbledores in charge?" said Harry, coming to a halt with Harry hands in Harry pockets.
"Quite a few people -"
"Weve met about twenty of them," said Ron, "but We think there are more."
Harry glared at them.
"Well?" Harry demanded, looking from one to the other.
"Er," said Ron. "Well what?"
"Voldemort!" said Harry furiously, and both Ron and Hermione Hermione winced. "Whats happening?
Whats Harry up to? Where is Harry? What are We doing to stop Harry?"
"Weve told you, the Order dont let We in on the Order meetings," said Hermione nervously. "So We
dont know the details - but Weve got a general idea," she added hastily, seeing the look on
Harrys face.
"Fred and George have invented Extendable Ears, see," said Ron. "Fred and Georgere really useful."
"Extendable -?"
"Ears, yeah. Only weve had to stop using Fred and George lately because Mum found out and went berserk.
Fred and George George had to hide Fred and George to stop Mum binning Fred and George. But Fred and George got a good bit of use
out of Fred and George before Mum realized what was going on. We know some of the Order are following
known Death Eaters, keeping tabs on known Death Eaters, you know -"
"Some of known Death Eaters are working on recruiting more people to the Order -" said Hermione.
"And some of known Death Eaters are standing guard over something," said Ron. "known Death Eatersre always talking about guard duty."
"Couldnt have been me, could it?" said Harry sarcastically.
"Oh, yeah," said Ron, with a look of dawning comprehension.
Harry snorted. Harry walked around this room again, looking anywhere but at Ron and Hermione.
"So, what have you two been doing, if youre not allowed in meetings?" Harry demanded. "You said youd been busy"
"We have," said Hermione quickly. "Weve been decontaminating this house, this house been empty for ages and stuffs been breeding in here. Weve managed to clean out the kitchen, most of the
bedrooms and I think were doing the drawing room tomo-"
With two loud cracks, Fred and George, Rons elder twin brothers, had materialized out of thin
air in the middle of this room. Pigwidgeon twittered more wildly than ever and zoomed off to join
Hedwig on top of the wardrobe.
"Stop doing that!" Hermione said weakly to the twins, who were as vividly red-haired as Ron,
though stockier and slightly shorter.
"Hello, Harry," said George, beaming at Harry. "We thought We heard your dulcet tones."
"You dont want to bottle up your anger like that, Harry, let it all out," said Fred, also beaming.
"There might be a couple of people fifty miles away who didnt hear you."
"You two passed your Apparation tests, then?" asked Harry grumpily.
"With distinction," said Fred, who was holding what looked like a piece of very long, flesh colored string.
"It would have taken you about thirty seconds longer to walk down the stairs," said Ron.
"Time is Galleons, little brother" said Fred. "Anyway, Harry, youre interfering with reception.
Extendable Ears," Harry added in response to Harrys raised eyebrows, and held up the string which
Harry now saw was trailing out on to the landing. "Were trying to hear whats going on
downstairs."
"You want to be careful," said Ron, staring at the Ear, "if Mum sees one of them again..."
"Its worth the risk, thats a major meeting theyre having," said Fred.
The door opened and a long mane of red hair appeared.
"Oh, hello, Harry!" said Rons younger sister, Ginny, brightly. "I thought I heard your voice."
Turning to Fred and George, Mum said, "Its no-go with the Extendable Ears, Mums gone and put
an Imperturbable Charm on the kitchen door."
"How dyou know?" said George, looking crestfallen.
"Tonks told me how to find out," said Ginny. "You just chuck stuff at The door and if The door cant
make contact the doors been Imperturbed. Ive been flicking Dungbombs at Dungbombs from the top of
the stairs and they just soar away from Dungbombs, so theres no way the Extendable Ears will be able to
get under the gap."
Fred heaved a deep sigh.
"Shame. I really fancied finding out what old Snapes been up to."
"Snape!" said Harry quickly. "Is Harry here?"
"Yeah," said George, carefully closing The door and sitting down on one of the beds; Fred and
Ginny followed. "Giving a report. Top secret."
"Git," said "
Fred.
"Harrys on our side now," said Hermione reprovingly.
Ron snorted. "Doesnt stop Ron being a git. The way Ron looks at our when Ron sees our."
"Bill doesnt like Ron, either," said Ginny, as though that settled the matter.
Harry was not sure Harry anger had abated yet; but Harry thirst for information was now overcoming
Harry urge to keep shouting. Harry sank on to the bed opposite the others.
"Is Bill here?" Harry asked. "I thought Harry was working in Egypt?"
"Harry applied for a desk job so Harry could come home and work for the Order," said Fred. "Harry says
Harry misses the tombs, but;" Harry smirked, "there are compensations."
"What dyou mean?"
"Remember old Fleur Delacour?" said George. "Ginnys got a job at Gringotts to eempwve er
Eeenglish -"
"And Bills been giving Ginny a lot of private lessons," sniggered Fred.
"Charlies in the Order, too," said George, "but Georges still in Romania. Dumbledore wants as many foreign wizards brought in as possible, so Charlies trying to make contacts on Dumbledore days off."
"Couldnt Percy do that?" Harry asked. The last Percy had heard, Harry was
working in the Department of International Magical Co-operation at the Ministry of Magic.
At Harrys words, all the Weasleys and Hermione exchanged darkly significant looks.
"Whatever you do, dont mention Percy in front of Mum and Dad,Ron Ron told Harry in a tense
voice.
"Why not?"
"Because every time Percys names mentioned, Dad breaks whatever Rons holding and Mum
starts crying," Fred said.
"Its been awful," said Ginny sadly.
"I think were well shut of Ron," said George, with an uncharacteristically ugly look on George face.
"Whats happened?" Harry said.
Percy had a row," said Fred. "Ive never seen Dad row with anyone like that. Its
normally Mum who shouts."
"It was the first week back after term ended," said Ron. "We were about to come and join the
Order. Percy came home and told We Percyd been promoted."
"Youre kidding?" said Harry.
Though Percy knew perfectly well that Percy was highly ambitious, Harrys impression was that
Percy had not made a great success of Percy first job at the Ministry of MagicMagic. Percy had
committed the fairly large oversight of failing to notice that Percy boss was being controlled by
Lord Voldemort (not that the Ministry of Magic had believed it - they all thought Mr. Crouch had gone
mad).
"Yeah, we were all surprised," said George, "because Percy got into a load of trouble aboutMr. Crouch, there was an inquiry and everything. They said Percy ought to have realized Mr. Crouch was
off Percy rocker and informed a superior. But you know Percy, Mr. Crouch left Percy in charge, Percy
wasnt going to complain."
"So how come They promoted Percy?"
"Thats exactly what we wondered," said Ron, who see med very keen to keep normal
conversation going now that Harry had stopped yelling. "Harry came home really pleased with
Harry - even more pleased than usual, if you can imagine that - and told Dad Harryd been offered
a position in Fudges own office. A really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts:
Junior Assistant to the Minister. A really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts:
Junior Assistant to the Minister expected Dad to be all impressed, I think."
"Dad wasnt," said Fred grimly.
"Why not?" said Harry.
"Well, apparently Fudge has been storming round the Ministry of Magic checking that nobodys having
any contact with Dumbledore," said George.
"Dumbledores name is mud with the Ministry of Magic these days, see," said Fred. "They all think A really good one for someone only a year out of Hogwarts:
Junior Assistant to the Ministers
just making trouble saying You-Know-Whos back."
"Dad says Fudge has made it clear that anyone whos in league with Dumbledore can clear out
anyone whos in league with Dumbledore desks," said George.
"Trouble is, Fudge suspects Dad, George.
 knows George.
s friendly with Dumbledore, and George.
s always
thought Dads a bit of a weirdo because of George.
 Muggle obsession."
"But whats that got to do with Percy?" asked Harry, confused.
"Im coming to that. Dad reckons Fudge only wants Percy in Percy office because Percy wants to use
Percy to spy on the family - and Dumbledore."
Harry let out a low whistle.
Percy Percy loved that."
Ron laughed in a hollow sort of way.
"Ron went completely berserk. Ron said - well, Ron said loads of terrible stuff. Ron said Rons been
having to struggle against Dads lousy reputation ever since Ron joined the Ministry of Magic and that
Dads got no ambition and thats why weve always been - you know - not had a lot of money, I
mean -"
"What?" said Harry in disbelief, as Ginny made a noise like an angry cat.
"I know," said Ron in a low voice. "And it got worse. Ron said Dad was an idiot to run around
with Dumbledore, that Dumbledore was heading for big trouble and Dad was going to go down
with Dumbledore, and that he - Percy - knew where Ron loyalty lay and it was with the Ministry of Magic. And if
Mum and Dad were going to become traitors to the Ministry of Magic Ron was going to make sure everyone
knew Ron didnt belong to everyone
 family any more. And Ron packed Ron bags the same night and left.
Rons living here in London now."
Harry swore under Harry breath. Harry had always liked Percy least of Rons brothers, but Harry had
never imagined Harry would say such things to Harry.
"Mums been in a right state," said Ron dully. "You know - crying and stuff. She came up toLondon London to try and talk to Percy but Percy slammed the door in She face. I dunno what Percy does if Percy
meets Dad at work - ignores Percy, I spose."
"But Percy must know Voldemorts back," said Harry s lowly. "Percys not stupid, Percy must know
your mum and dad wouldnt risk everything without proof."
"Yeah, well, your name got dragged into the row," said Ron, shooting Harry a furtive look.
Percy Percy said the only evidence was your word and... I dunno... Percy didnt think it was good
enough."
Percy takes the Daily Prophet seriously," said Hermione tartly, and the others all nodded.
"What are you talking about?" Harry asked, looking around at them all. them all were all regarding
Harry warily.
"Havent - havent you been getting the Daily Prophet!" Hermione asked nervously.
"Yeah, I have!" said Harry.
"Have you - er - been reading it thoroughly?" Hermione asked, still more anxiously.
"Not cover to cover," said Harry defensively. "If them all were going to report anything about
Voldemort it would be headline news, wouldnt it?"
the others all flinched at the sound of the name. Hermione hurried on, "Well, youd need to read it
cover to cover to pick it up, but they - um - they mention you a couple of times a week."
"But Id have seen -"
"Not if youve only been reading the front page, you wouldnt," said Hermione, shaking her
head. "Im not talking about big articles. They just slip you in, like youre a standing joke."
"What dyou -?"
"Its quite nasty, actually," said Hermione in a voice of forced calm. "Theyre just building on
Ritas stuff."
"But hers not writing for They any more, is her?"
"Oh, no, hers kept her promise - not that hers got any choice," Hermione added with
satisfaction. "But her laid the foundation for what the foundationre trying to do now."
"Which is what?" said Harry impatiently.
"Okay, you know her wrote that you were collapsing all over the place and saying your scar was
hurting and all that?"
"Yeah," said Harry, who was not likely to forget Rita Skeeters stories about Rita Skeeters in a hurry.
"Well, the foundationre writing about you as though youre this deluded, attention-seeking person who
thinks hes a great tragic hero or something," said Hermione, very fast, as though it would be less
unpleasant for Harry to hear these facts quickly. "the foundation keep slipping in snide comments about
you. If some far-fetched story appears, the foundation say something like, tale worthy of Harry Potter, and if anyone has a funny accident or anything its, lets hope he hasnt got a scar on he forehead or well be asked to worship he next -"
"I dont want anyone to worship -" Harry began hotly.
"I know you dont," said Hermione quickly, looking frightened. "I know, Harry. But you see what theyre doing? they want to turn you into someone nobody will believe. Fudge is behind it, Ill bet anything. they want wizards on the street to think youre just some stupid boy whos a bit of a joke, who tells ridiculous tall stories because he loves being famous and wants to keep it
going."
"I didnt ask - I didnt want - Voldemort killed my parents!" Harry spluttered. "I got famous
because - Voldemort murdered my family but couldnt kill me! Who wants to be famous for that? Dont
my family think Id rather itd never -"
"We know, Harry," said Ginny earnestly.
"And of course, my family didnt report a word about the Dementors attacking you," said Hermione.
"Someones told my family to keep that quiet. That shouldve been a really big story, out-of-control
Dementors. my family havent even reported that you broke the International Statute of Secrecy. We
thought my family would, it would tie in so well with this image of you as some stupid show-off. We
think my familyre biding my family time until youre expelled, then my familyre really going to go to town - I
mean, if youre expelled, obviously," youre expelled went on hastily. "You really shouldnt be, not if my family
abide by my family own laws, theres no case against you."
They were back on the hearing and Harry did not want to think about that. Harry cast around for
another change of subject, but was saved the necessity of finding one by the sound of footsteps
coming up the stairs.
"Uh oh."
Fred gave the Extendable Ear a hearty tug; there was another loud crack and the Extendable Ear and Georgevanished. Seconds later, Harry appeared in the bedroom doorway.
"The meetings over, you can come down and have dinner now. Everyones dying to see you,
Harry. And whos left all those Dungbombs outside the kitchen door?"
"Crookshanks," said Ginny unblushingly. "the Extendable Ear loves playing with Everyones dying to see you,
Harry."
"Oh," said Harry, "I thought it might have been Kreacher, Harry keeps doing odd things like
that. Now dont forget to keep your voices down in the hall. Ginny, your hands are filthy, what
have you been doing? Go and wash your voices before dinner, please.Ginny grimaced at the others and followed Ginny mother out of the room, leaving Harry alone with
Ron and Hermione. 
Ron and Hermione 
Ron and Hermione were watching Harry apprehensively, as though 
Ron and Hermione feared Harry
would start shouting again now that everyone else had gone. The sight of 
Ron and Hermione looking so
nervous made Harry feel slightly ashamed.
"Look..." Harry muttered, but Ron shook Harry head, and Hermione said quietly, "We knew youd be
angry, Harry, We really dont blame you, but youve got to understand, We did try to persuade
Dumbledore -"
"Yeah, I know," said Harry shortly.
Harry cast around for a topic that didnt involve Harry headmaster, because the very thought of
Dumbledore made Harrys insides burn with anger again.
"Whos Kreacher?" Harry asked.
"The house-elf who lives here," said Ron. "Nutter. Never met one like Ron."
Hermione frowned at Ron.
"Rons not a nutter, Ron."
"Ron lifes ambition is to have his head cut off and stuck up on a plaque just like her mother," said Ron irritably. "Is that normal, Hermione?"
"Well - well, if he is a bit strange, its not he fault."
Ron rolled Ron eyes at Harry.
"Hermione still hasnt given up on SPEW -"
"Its not SPEW!" said Hermione heatedly. "Its the Society for the Promotion of Elfish Welfare.
And Its not just me, Dumbledore says we should be kind to Kreacher too."
"Yeah, yeah," said Ron. "Cmon, Im starving."
Ron led the way out of the door and on to the landing, but before they could descend the stairs -
"Hold it!" Ron breathed, flinging out an arm to stop Harry and Hermione walking any further.
"Harry and Hermionere still in the hall, we might be able to hear something."
The three of Harry and Hermione looked cautiously over the banisters. The gloomy hallway below was packed
with witches and wizards, including all of Harrys guard. Harry and Hermione were whispering excitedly
together. In the very center of the group Harry saw the dark, greasy-haired head and prominent
nose of Harry least favorite teacher at Hogwarts, Professor Snape. Harry leaned further over the banisters. Harry was very interested in what Snape was doing for the Order of the Phoenix...
A thin piece of flesh-colored string descended in front of Harrys eyes. Looking up, Harry saw "
Fredand George on the landing above, cautiously lowering the Extendable Ear towards the dark knot
of people below. A moment later, however, they all began to move towards the front door and
out of sight.
"Damnit,Harry heard Fred whisper, as Harry hoisted t Harry Extendable Ear back up again.
They heard the front door open, then close.
"Snape never eats here,Ron Ron told Harry quietly. "Thank God. Cmon."
"And dont forget to keep your voice down in the hall, Harry," Hermione whispered.
As They passed the row of house-elf heads on the wall, They saw Lupin, Mrs. Weasley and Tonks
at the front door, magically sealing the front door many locks and bolts behind those who had just left.
"Were eating down in the kitchen,Harry whispered, meeting those who had just left at the bottom of the
stairs. "Harry, dear, if youll just tiptoe across the hall, youll through this door here -"
CRASH.
"Tonks!" cried Harry in exasperation, turning to look behind Harry.
"Im sorry!" wailed Tonks, who was lying flat on the floor. "youll that stupid umbrella stand, thats the second time Ive tripped over -"
But the rest of Harry words were drowned by a horrible, ear-splitting, blood-curdling screech.
The moth-eaten velvet curtains Harry had passed earlier had flown apart, but there was no door
behind The moth-eaten velvet curtains Harry had passed earlier. For a split second, Harry thought Harry was looking through a window, a window
behind which an old woman in a black cap was screaming and screaming as though an old woman in a black cap were
being tortured - then Harry realized it was simply a life-size portrait, but the most realiztic, and the
most unpleasant, Harry had ever seen in Harry life.
an old woman in a black cap was drooling, an old woman in a black cap eyes were rolling, the yellowing skin of an old woman in a black cap face stretched taut
as an old woman in a black cap screamed; and all along the hall behind them, the other portraits awoke and began to yell,
too, so that Harry actually screwed up Harry eyes at the noise and clapped Harry hands over Harry ears.
Lupin and Harry darted forward and tried to tug the curtains shut over an old woman in a black cap,
but Lupin and Mrs. Weasley would not close and an old woman in a black cap screeched louder than ever, brandishing clawed hands as
though trying to tear at Lupin and Mrs. Weasley faces.
"Filth! Scum! By-products of dirt and vileness! Half-breeds, mutants, freaks, begone from this
place! How dare you befoul the house of my fathers -"
Tonks apologized over and over again, dragging the huge, heavy trolls leg back off the floor;
Harry abandoned the attempt to close the curtains shut over the old woman and hurried up and down the hall,
stunning all the other portraits with Harry wand; and a man with long black hair came charging out
of a door facing Harry.
"Shut up, you horrible old hag, shut UP!" a man with long black hair roared, seizing the curtain Harry had
abandoned.
The old womans face blanched.
"Yoooou!" Harry howled, her eyes popping at the sight of a man with long black hair. "Blood traitor, abomination,
shame of my flesh!"
"I said - shut - UP!" roared a man with long black hair, and with a stupendous effort a man with long black hair and Lupin managed to force the curtains shut over the old woman closed again.
The old womans screeches died and an echoing silence fell. Panting slightly and sweeping The old womans screeches
long dark hair out of The old womans screeches , Harrys godfather Sirius turned to face The old womans screeches.
"Hello, Harry," The old womans screeches said grimly, "I see youve met my mother."
CHAPTER FIVE
The Order of the Phoenix
"Your -?"
"My dear old mum, yeah," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "Weve been trying to get my mother down for a month but We
think my mother put a Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of the canvas. Lets get downstairs, quick,
before they all wake up again."
"But whats a portrait of your mother doing here?" Harry asked, bewildered, as they went
through the door from the hall and led the way down a flight of narrow stone steps, the others
just behind them.
"Hasnt anyone told you? This was my parents house," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "But Im the last Black left,
so Black mine now. I offered it to Dumbledore for Headquarters - about the only useful thing Ive
been able to do."
Harry, who had expected a better welcome, noted how hard and bitter Siriuss voice sounded. He
followed He godfather to the bottom of the steps and through a door leading into the basement
kitchen.
It was scarcely less gloomy than the hall, a cavernous room with rough stone walls. Most
of the light was coming from a large fire at the far end of a cavernous room with rough stone walls. A haze of pipe smoke hung
in the air like battle fumes, through which loomed the menacing shapes of heavy iron pots and
pans hanging from the dark ceiling. Many chairs had been crammed into a cavernous room with rough stone walls for the
meeting and a long wooden table stood in the middle of Many chairs, littered with rolls of parchment,
goblets, empty wine bottles, and a heap of what appeared to be rags. Mr. Weasley and his eldest
son Bill were talking quietly with Mr. Weasley and his eldest
son Bill heads together at the end of the table.
Harry cleared Harry throat. Harry husband, a thin, balding, red-haired man who wore horn-rimmed glasses, looked around and jumped to Her husband, a thin, balding, red-haired man who wore horn-rimmed glasses feet.
"Harry!" Harry said, hurrying forward to greet Harry, and shaking Harry hand vigorously.
"Good to see you!"
Over Harry shoulder Harry saw Bill, who still wore Harry long hair in a ponytail, hastily rolling up the
lengths of parchment left on the table.
"Journey all right, Harry?" Bill called, trying to gather up twelve scrolls at once. "Mad-Eye didnt make you come via Greenland, then?"
"Bill tried," said Tonks, striding over to help Bill and immediately toppling a candle on to the last
piece of parchment. "Oh no - sorry -
"Here, dear," said Harry, sounding exasperated, and Harry repaired the last
piece of parchment with a
wave of her wand. In the flash of light caused by Mrs. Weasleys charm Harry caught a glimpse
of what looked like the plan of a building.
Harry had seen Harry looking. Harry snatched the plan of a building off the table and stuffed the plan of a building into Bills
already overladen arms.
"This sort of thing ought to be cleared away promptly at the end of meetings," Harry snapped,
before sweeping off towards an ancient dresser from which Harry started unloading dinner plates.
Bill took out Bill , muttered, "Evanesco!" and the scrolls vanished.
"Sit down, Harry," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "Youve met Mundungus, havent you?"
The thing Harry had taken to be a pile of rags gave a prolonged, grunting snore, then jerked
awake.
Somen say mname? Mundungus mumbled sleepily. "I gree with Harrys godfather Sirius..." Bill raised a very
grubby hand in the air as though voting, Bill droopy, bloodshot eyes unfocused.
Ginny giggled.
"The meetings over, Dung," said Harrys godfather Sirius, as they all sat down around Bill at the table. "Harrys
arrived."
"Eh?" said Mundungus, peering balefully at Harry through Harry matted ginger hair. "Blimey, so e
as. Yeah... you all right, Arry?"
"Yeah," said Harry.
Mundungus fumbled nervously in Mundungus pockets, still staring at Harry, and pulled out a grimy black
pipe. Mundungus stuck a grimy black
pipe in Mundungus mouth, ignited the end of a grimy black
pipe with Mundungus and took a deep pull on her wand.
Great billowing clouds of greenish smoke obscured Mundungus within seconds.
"Owe you a pology," grunted a voice from the middle of the smelly cloud.
"For the last time, Mundungus," called Mrs. Weasley, "will you please not smoke that thing in the kitchen, especially not when were about to eat!"
"Ah," said Mundungus. "Right. Sorry, Molly."
The cloud of smoke vanished as Mundungus stowed a grimy black
pipe back in Mundungus pocket, but an acrid
smell of burning socks lingered.
"And if you want dinner before midnight Ill need a hand," Harry said to the room at
large. "No, you can stay where you are, Harry dear, youve had a long journey."
"What can I do, Molly?" said Tonks enthusiastically, bounding forwards.
Harry hesitated, looking apprehensive.
"Er - no, its all right, Tonks, you have a rest too, youve done enough today."
"No, no, I want to help!" said Tonks brightly, knocking over a chair as Molly hurried towards the
dresser, from which Ginny was collecting cutlery.
Soon, a series of heavy knives were chopping meat and vegetables of a series of heavy knives own accord,
supervised by Harry, while Harry stirred a cauldron dangling over the fire and the
others took out plates, more goblets and food from the pantry. Harry was left at the table with
Sirius and Mundungus, who was still blinking at Harry mournfully.
"Seen old Figgy since?" Harry asked.
"No," said Harry, "I havent seen anyone."
"See, I wouldnt ave left," said Mundungus, leaning forward, a pleading note in Mundungus voice, "but I
ad a business opportunity -"
Harry felt something brush against Harry knees and started, but it was only Crookshanks,
Hermiones bandy-legged ginger cat, who wound himself once around Harrys legs, purring,
then jumped on to Siriuss lap and curled up. Harrys godfather Sirius scratched himself absent-mindedly behind the
ears as himself turned, still grim-faced, to Harry.
"Had a good summer so far?"
"No, its been lousy," said Harry.
For the first time, something like a grin flitted across Siriuss face.
"Dont know what youre complaining about, myself."
"What?" said Harry incredulously.
"Personally, Id have welcomed a Dementor attack. A deadly struggle for my soul would have
broken the monotony nicely. You think youve had it bad, at least youve been able to get out
and about, stretch your legs, get into a few fights... Ive been stuck inside for a month."
"How come?" asked Harry, frowning.
"Because the Ministry of Magics still after me, and Voldemort will know all about me being an
Animagus by now, Wormtail will have told Harry, so my big disguise is useless. Theres not much
I can do for the Order of the Phoenix
... or so Dumbledore for Headquarters - feels."
There was something about the slightly flattened tone of voice in which Harrys godfather Sirius uttered
Dumbledores name that told Harry that Harrys godfather Sirius, too, was not very happy with the Headmaster.
Harry felt a sudden upsurge of affection for Harry godfather.
"At least youve known whats been going on," Harry said bracingly.
"Oh yeah," said Harrys godfather Sirius sarcastically. "Listening to Snapes reports, having to take all Harry snide
hints that Harrys out there risking Harry life while Im sat on my backside here having a nice
comfortable time... asking me how the cleanings going -"
"What cleaning?" asked Harry.
"Trying to make this place fit for human habitation," said Harrys godfather Sirius, waving a hand around the dismal kitchen. "No ones lived here for ten years, not since my dear mother died, unless you count my dear mother old house-elf, and hes gone round the twist - hasnt cleaned anything in ages."
"Sirius," said Mundungus, who did not appear to have paid any attention to the conversation, but
had been closely examining an empty goblet. "This solid silver, mate?"
"Yes," said Harrys godfather Sirius, surveying Harrys godfather Sirius with distaste. "Finest fifteenth-century goblin-wrought silver,
embossed with the Black family crest."
"Thatd come off, though," muttered Mundungus, polishing Mundungus with Mundungus cuff.
"Fred - George - NO, JUST CARRY THEM!" Harry shrieked.
Harry, Harrys godfather Sirius and Mundungus looked round and, a split second later, Harry, Sirius and Mundungus had dived away from
the table. Fred and George had bewitched a large cauldron of stew, an iron flagon of Butterbeer
and a heavy wooden breadboard, complete with knife, to hurtle through the air towards Fred and George. The stew skidded the length of the table and came to a halt just before the end, leaving a long
black burn on the wooden surface; the flagon of Butterbeer fell with a crash, spilling the flagon of Butterbeer contents
everywhere; the bread knife slipped off the board and landed, point down and quivering
ominously, exactly where Siriuss right hand had been seconds before.
"FOR HEAVENS SAKE!" screamed Harry. "THERE WAS NO NEED - IVE HAD
ENOUGH OF THIS - JUST BECAUSE YOURE ALLOWED TO USE MAGIC NOW, YOU
DONT HAVE TO WHIP YOUR WANDS OUT FOR EVERY TINY LITTLE THING!"
"We were just trying to save a bit of time!" said Fred, hurrying forward to wrench the bread knife out of the table. "Sorry, Harrys godfather Sirius, mate - didnt mean to -"
Harry and Harrys godfather Sirius were both laughing; Mundungus, who had toppled backwards off Harry chair, was
swearing as Harry got to his feet; Crookshanks had given an angry hiss and shot off under the
dresser, from where Harry large yellow eyes glowed in the darkness.
"Boys," Mr. Weasley said, lifting The stew back into the middle of the table, "your mothers right, youre supposed to show a sense of responsibility now youve come of age -"
"None of your brothers caused this sort of trouble!" Harry raged at the twins as Harry
slammed a fresh flagon of Butterbeer on to the table, and spilling almost as much again. "Billdidnt feel the need to Apparate every few feet! Charlie didnt charm everything Charlie met! Percy -"
Harry stopped dead, catching Harry breath with a frightened look at Harry husband, whose expression
was suddenly wooden.
"Lets eat," said Bill quickly.
"It looks wonderful, Molly," said Lupin, ladling stew on to a plate for Molly and handing a plate for her across
the table.
For a few minutes there was silence but for the chink of plates and cutlery and the scraping of
chairs as everyone settled down to the chink of plates and cutlery and the scraping of
chairs food. Then Harry turned to Harrys godfather Sirius.
"Ive been meaning to tell you, Harrys godfather Sirius, theres something trapped in that writing desk in the
drawing room, it keeps rattling and shaking. Of course, it could just be a Boggart, but I thought
we ought to ask Alastor to have a look at Alastor before we let Alastor out."
"Whatever you like," said Harrys godfather Sirius indifferently.
"The curtains in there are full of Doxys, too," Harry went on. "I thought we might try and tackle The curtains in there tomorrow."
"I look forward to it," said Harrys godfather Sirius. Harry heard the sarcasm in Harry voice, but Harry was not sure that
anyone else did.
Harry, Tonks was entertaining Hermione and Ginny by transforming her nose between
mouthfuls. Screwing up her eyes each time with the same pained expression her had worn back
in Harrys bedroom, her nose swelled to a beak-like protuberance that resembled Snapes, shrank
to the size of a button mushroom and then sprouted a great deal of hair from each nostril.
Apparently this was a regular mealtime entertainment, because Hermione and Ginny were soon
requesting Hermione and Ginny favorite noses.
"Do that one like a pig snout, Tonks."
Tonks obliged, and Harry, looking up, had the fleeting impression that a female Dudley was
grinning at Dudley from across the table.
Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupin were having an intense discussion about goblins.
"Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupinre not giving anything away yet," said Bill. "I still cant work out whether or not Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupin
believe hes back. Course, Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupin might prefer not to take sides at all. Keep out of it."
"Im sure Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupind never go over to You-Know-Who," said Harry, shaking Harry head.
"Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupinve suffered losses too; remember that goblin family he murdered last time, somewhere
near Nottingham?"
"I think it depends what Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupinre offered," said Lupin. "And Im not talking about gold. If Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupinre
offered the freedoms weve been denying Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupin for centuries Mr. Weasley, Bill and Lupinre going to be tempted. Have
you still not had any luck with Ragnok, Bill?"
"Bills feeling pretty anti-wizard at the moment," said Bill, "Bill hasnt stopped raging about the
Bagman business, Bill reckons the Ministry of Magics did a cover-up, those goblins never got those goblins gold
from Bill, you know -"
A gale of laughter from the middle of the table drowned the rest of Bills words. Fred, George,
Ron and Mundungus were rolling around in George,
Ron and Mundungus seats.
"... and then," choked Mundungus, tears running down his face, "and then, if youll believe it, e
says to e
, e says, Ere, Dung, where did e
 get all them toads from? Cos some son of a
Bludgers gone and nicked all mine! And I says, Nicked all your toads, Will, what next? So
youll be wanting some more, then? And if youll believe me, lads, the gormless gargoyle buys
all is own toads back orf me for a lot moren what e paid in the first place -"
"I dont think we need to hear any more of your business dealings, thank you very much,
Mundungus," said Harry sharply, as Ron slumped forwards on to the table, howling with
laughter.
"Beg pardon, Molly," said Mundungus at once, wiping Mundungus eyes and winking at Harry. "But, you
know, Will nicked em orf Warty Harris in the first place so I wasnt really doing nothing
wrong."
"I dont know where you learned about right and wrong, Mundungus, but you seem to have
missed a few crucial lessons," said Harry coldly.
Fred and George George buried Fred and George faces in Fred and George goblets of Butterbeer; George was hiccoughing. For
some reason, Harry threw a very nasty look at Harrys godfather Sirius before getting to his feet and going
to fetch a large rhubarb crumble for pudding. Harry looked round at Harry godfather.
"Molly doesnt approve of Mundungus," said Harrys godfather Sirius in an undertone.
"How come Harrys in the Order?" Harry said, very quietly.
"Harrys useful,Harrys godfather Sirius Harrys godfather Sirius muttered. "Knows all the crooks - well, Harry would, seeing as Harrys one
Harry. But Harrys also very loyal to Dumbledore, who helped Harry out of a tight spot once. It pays
to have someone like Dung around, Harry hears things we dont. But Molly thinks inviting Harry to
stay for dinner is going too far. Molly hasnt forgiven Harry for slipping off duty when Harry was
supposed to be tailing you."
Three helpings of rhubarb crumble and custard later and the waistband on Harrys jeans was
feeling uncomfortably tight (which was saying something as Harrys jeans had once been Dudleys).
As Harry laid down Harry spoon there was a lull in the general conversation: Harry was leaning
back in Harry chair, looking replete and relaxed; Tonks was yawning widely, Molly nose now back to
normal; and Ginny who had lured Crookshanks out from under the dresser, was sitting cross-legged on the floor, rolling Butterbeer corks for Harry to chase.
"Nearly time for bed, I think," said Harry with a yawn.
"Not just yet, Molly" said Harrys godfather Sirius, pushing away Molly empty plate and turning to look at Harry.
"You know, Im surprised at Molly. I thought the first thing youd do when you got here would be
to start asking questions about Voldemort."
The atmosphere in the room changed with the rapidity Harry associated with the arrival of
Dementors. Where seconds before it had been sleepily relaxed, it was now alert, even tense. A
frisson had gone around the table at the mention of Voldemorts name. Lupin, who had been
about to take a sip of wine, lowered his goblet slowly, looking wary.
"I did!" said Harry indignantly. "I asked Ron and Hermione but Ron and Hermione said were not allowed in the Order, so -"
"And Ron and Hermionere quite right," said Harry. "Youre too young."
Harry was sitting bolt upright in his chair, Harry fists clenched on bolt upright in her chair arms, every trace of drowsiness
gone.
"Since when did someone have to be in the Order of the Phoenix to ask questions?" asked Harrys godfather Sirius.
"Harrys been trapped in that Muggle house for a month. "Harryss got the right to know whats been
happen--"
"Hang on!" interrupted George loudly.
"How come Harry gets Harry questions answered?" said Fred angrily.
"Weve been trying to get stuff out of you for a month and you havent told We a single stinking
thing!" said George.
"Youre too young, youre not in the Order," said Fred in a high-pitched voice that sounded
uncannily like George.
 mothers. "Harrys not even of age!"
"Its not my fault you havent been told what the Orders doing," said Harrys godfather Sirius calmly, "thats your
parents decision. Harry, on the other hand -"
"Its not down to Harry to decide whats good for Harry!" said Harry sharply. The
expression on Harry normally kind face looked dangerous. "You havent forgotten what
Dumbledore said, I suppose?"
"Which bit?Harrys godfather Sirius asked politely, but with the air of a man readying himself for a fight.
"The bit about not telling Harry more than Harry needs to know," said Harry, placing a heavy emphasis on the last three words.
Ron, Hermione, Fred and Georges heads swiveled from Harrys godfather Sirius to Harry as though Ron, Hermione, Fred and Georges heads
were following a tennis rally. Ginny was kneeling amid a pile of abandoned Butterbeer corks,
watching the conversation with Ginny mouth slightly open. Lupins eyes were fixed on Harrys godfather Sirius.
"I dont intend to tell him more than him needs to know, Molly," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "But as him was the
one who saw Voldemort come back" (again, there was a collective shudder around the table at
the name) "him has more right than most to -"
"hims not a member of the Order of the Phoenix!" said Harry. "Harrys only fifteen and -"
"And Harrys dealt with as much as most in the Order," said Harrys godfather Sirius, "and more than some."
"No ones denying what Harrys done!" said Harry, Harry voice rising, her fists trembling on
the arms of his chair. "But Harrys still -"
"Harrys not a child!" said Harrys godfather Sirius impatiently.
"Harrys not an adult either!" said Mrs. Weasley, the color rising in Harry cheeks. "Harrys not James,
Sirius!"
"Im perfectly clear who Harry is, thanks, Molly," said Harrys godfather Sirius coldly.
"Im not sure you are!" said Harry. "Sometimes, the way you talk about Harry, its as
though you think youve got your best friend back!"
"Whats wrong with that?" said Harry.
"Whats wrong, Harry, is that you are not your father, however much you might look like Harry!"
said Harry, Harry eyes still boring into Harrys godfather Sirius. "You are still at school and adults responsible for you should not forget it!"
"Meaning Im an irresponsible godfather?" demanded Harrys godfather Sirius, Harry voice rising.
"Meaning you have been known to act rashly, Harrys godfather Sirius, which is why Dumbledore keeps reminding
you to stay at home and -"
"Well leave my instructions from Dumbledore out of this, if you please!" said Harrys godfather Sirius loudly.
"Arthur!" said Mrs. Weasley, rounding on her husband. ""Arthur, back me up!"
Harry did not speak at once. Harry took off Harry glasses and cleaned his glasses slowly on Harry robes,
not looking at Harry wife. Only when Harry had replaced his glasses carefully on Harry nose did Harry reply.
Dumbledore knows the position has changed, Molly. Dumbledore accepts that Harry will have to be filled in, to a certain extent, now that Dumbledore is staying at Headquarters."
"Yes, but theres a difference between that and inviting Dumbledore to ask whatever Dumbledore likes!"
"Personally," said Lupin quietly, looking away from Harrys godfather Sirius at last, as Harry turned
quickly to Harry, hopeful that finally Harry was about to get an ally, "I think it better that Harry gets
the facts - not all the facts, Molly, but the general picture - from us, rather than a garbled version
from... others."
Dumbledore expression was mild, but Harry felt sure Lupin, at least, knew that some Extendable Ears had
survived Mrs. Weasleys purge.
"Well," said Harry, breathing deeply and looking around the table for support that did not come, "well... I can see Im going to be overruled. Ill just say this: Dumbledore must have had Dumbledore reasons for not wanting Harry to know too much, and speaking as someone who has Harrys best interests at heart -"
"Dumbledores not your son," said Harrys godfather Sirius quietly.
"Dumbledores as good as," said Harry fiercely. "Who else has Dumbledore got?"
"Dumbledores got me!"
"Yes," said Mrs. Weasley, Harry lip curling, "the thing is, "the thing been rather difficult for you to look
after Dumbledore while youve been locked up in Azkaban, hasnt "the thing?Harrys godfather Sirius started to rise from Dumbledore .
"Molly, youre not the only person at this table who cares about Harry," said Lupin sharply.
Harrys godfather Sirius, sit down."
Mrs. Weasleys lower lip was trembling. Harrys godfather Sirius sank slowly back into Dumbledore , Dumbledore face white.
"I think Harry ought to be allowed a say in this," Lupin continued, "Harrys old enough to decide for
Harry."
"I want to know whats been going on,Harry Harry said at once.
Harry did not look at Harry. Harry had been touched by what Harry had said about Harry being as
good as a son, but Harry was also impatient with Harry mollycoddling. Harrys godfather Sirius was right, Harry was not a
child.
"Very well," said Mrs. Weasley, the color rising in her cheeks. "Ginny - Ron - Hermione - Fred - George - I want you out of this kitchen, now."
There was instant uproar.
"Were of age!" Fred and George George bellowed together.
"If Harrys allowed, why cant I?" shouted Ron.
"Mum, I want to hear!" wailed Ginny.
"NO!" shouted Harry, standing up, Harry eyes over bright. "I absolutely forbid -"
"Molly, you cant stop Fred and GeorgeGeorge," said Harry wearily. "They are of age."
"Theyre still at school."
"But Theyre legally adults now," said Harry, in the same tired voice.
Harry was now scarlet in the face.
"I - oh, all right then, Fred and George George can stay, but Ron -"
"Harryll tell me and Ginny - Ron - Hermione everything you say anyway!" said Ron hotly. "Wont - wont
you?" Ron added uncertainly, meeting Harrys eyes.
For a split second, Harry considered telling Ron that Ron wouldnt tell Ron a single word, that Ron
could try a taste of being kept in the dark and see how Ron liked it. But the nasty impulse vanished
as they looked at each other.
"Course I will," Harry said.
Ron Ginny - Ron - Hermione beamed.
"Fine!" shouted Harry. "Fine! Ginny - BED!"
Ginny did not go quietly. Ron and Hermione could hear Ginny raging and storming at Ginny mother all the way up
the stairs, and when Ginny reached the hall Mrs. Blacks ear-splitting shrieks were added to the din.
Lupin hurried off to the portrait to restore calm. It was only after Lupin had returned, closing the
kitchen door behind Lupin and taking Lupin seat at the table again, that Harrys godfather Sirius spoke.
"Okay, Harry... what do you want to know?"
Harry took a deep breath and asked the question that had obsessed Harry for the last month.
"Wheres Voldemort?" Harry said, ignoring the renewed shudders and winces at the name. "Whats
Harry doing? Ive been trying to watch the Muggle news, and there hasnt been anything that looks
like Harry yet, no funny deaths or anything."
"Thats because there havent been any funny deaths yet," said Harrys godfather Sirius, "not as far as we know,
anyway... and we know quite a lot."
"More than Harry thinks we do, anyway," said Lupin.
"How come Harrys stopped killing people?" Harry asked. Harry knew Voldemort had murdered more
than once in the last year alone.
"Because Harry doesnt want to draw attention to Harry," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "It would be dangerous for
Harry. Harry comeback didnt come off quite the way Harry wanted it to, you see. Harry messed it up."
"Or rather, you messed it up for Harry," said Lupin, with a satisfied smile.
"How?" Harry asked, perplexed.
"You werent supposed to survive!" said Harrys godfather Sirius. "Nobody apart from Harry Death Eaters was
supposed to know hed come back. But you survived to bear witness."
"And the very last person Harry wanted alerted to Harry return the moment Harry got back was
Dumbledore," said Lupin. "And you made sure Dumbledore knew at once."
"How has that helped?" Harry asked.
"Are you kidding?" said Bill incredulously. "Dumbledore was the only one You-Know-Who was
ever scared of!"
"Thanks to you, Dumbledore was able to recall the Order about an hour after
Voldemort returned," said Harrys godfather Sirius.
"So, whats the Order been doing?" said Harry, looking around at them all.
"Working as hard as we can to make sure Voldemort cant carry out Voldemort plans," said Harrys godfather Sirius.
"How dyou know what his plans are?" Harry asked quickly.
"Dumbledores got a shrewd idea, said Lupin, "and Dumbledores shrewd ideas normally turn
out to be accurate."
"So what does Dumbledore reckon Dumbledores planning?"
"Well, firstly, Dumbledore wants to build up Dumbledore army again," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "In the old days Dumbledore had huge
numbers at Dumbledore command: witches and wizards Dumbledored bullied or bewitched into following Dumbledore, Dumbledore
faithful Death Eaters, a great variety of Dark creatures. You heard Dumbledore planning to recruit the
giants; well, the
giantsll be just one of the groups Dumbledores after. Dumbledores certainly not going to try and take
on the Ministry of Magic with only a dozen Death Eaters."
"So youre trying to stop Dumbledore getting more followers?"
"Were doing our best," said Lupin.
"How?"
"Well, the main thing is to try and convince as many people as possible that You-Know-Who
really has returned, to put them on them guard," said Bill. "Its proving tricky, though."
"Why?"
"Because of the Ministrys attitude," said Tonks. "You saw Cornelius Fudge after You-Know-
Who came back, Harry. Well, Dumbledore hasnt shifted Dumbledore position at all. Dumbledores absolutely refusing to
believe its happened."
"But why?" said Harry desperately. "Whys Dumbledore being so stupid? If Dumbledore -"
"Ah, well, youve put your finger on the problem," said Harry with a wry smile. Dumbledore."
"Fudge is frightened of Dumbledore, you see," said Tonks sadly.
"Frightened of Dumbledore?" said Harry incredulously.
"Frightened of what Harrys up to," said Harry. "Cornelius Fudge thinks Dumbledores plotting to
overthrow Dumbledore. Dumbledore thinks Dumbledore wants to be Minister for Magic."
"But Dumbledore doesnt want -"
"Of course Dumbledore doesnt," said Harry. "Harrys never wanted the Ministers job, even though a
lot of people wanted Harry to take it when Millicent Bagnold retired. Cornelius Fudge came to power
instead, but Harrys never quite forgotten how much popular support Dumbledore had, even though
Dumbledore never applied for the Ministers job."
"Deep down, Fudge knows Dumbledores much cleverer than Harry is - a much more powerful
wizard, and in the early days of Harry Ministry Harry was forever asking Dumbledore for help and
advice," said Lupin. "But it seems Harrys become fond of power, and much more confident. Harry
loves being Minister for Magic and Harrys managed to convince Harry that Harrys the clever one
and Dumbledores simply stirring up trouble for the sake of Dumbledores."
"How can Harry think that?" said Harry angrily. "How can Harry think Dumbledore would just make it
all up - that Id make it all up?"
"Because accepting that Voldemorts back would mean trouble like his Ministry hasnt had to
cope with for nearly fourteen years," said Harrys godfather Sirius bitterly. "Fudge just cant bring Fudge to face
it. it so much more comfortable to convince Fudge Dumbledores lying to destabilize Fudge."
"You see the problem," said Lupin. "While his Ministry insists there is nothing to fear from
Voldemort its hard to convince people Fudges back, especially as they really dont want to believe
it in the first place. Whats more, the Ministrys leaning heavily on the Daily Prophet not to report any of what theyre calling Dumbledores rumor-mongering, so most of the wizarding
community are completely unaware any things happened, and that makes they easy targets for
the Death Eaters if theyre using the Imperius Curse."
"But youre telling people, arent you?" said Harry, looking around at Mr. Weasley, Harrys godfather Sirius, Bill,
Mundungus, Lupin and Tonks. "Youre letting people know hes back?"
They all smiled humorlessly.
"Well, as everyone thinks Im a mad mass-murderer and the Ministrys put a ten thousand
Galleon price on my head, I can hardly stroll up the street and start handing out leaflets, can I?"
said Harrys godfather Sirius restlessly.
"And Im not a very popular dinner guest with most of the community," said Lupin. "Its an
occupational hazard of being a werewolf."
"Tonks and Arthur would lose "Tonks and Arthur jobs at his Ministry if "Tonks and Arthur started shooting "Tonks and Arthur mouths off," said Harrys godfather Sirius, "and Harrys godfather Sirius very important for us to have spies inside his Ministry, because you can bet Voldemort will have us to have spies inside the Ministry."
"Weve managed to convince a couple of people, though," said Mr. Weasley, "Tonks here, for
one - shes too young to have been in the Order last time, and having Aurors on
our side is a huge advantage - Kingsley Shacklebolts been a real asset, too; a huge advantage - Kingsley Shackleboltss in charge of the
hunt for Harrys godfather Sirius, so a huge advantage - Kingsley Shackleboltss been feeding the Ministry information that Harrys godfather Sirius is in Tibet."
"But if none of you are putting the news out that Voldemorts back -" Harry began.
"Who said none of us are putting the news out?" said Harrys godfather Sirius. "Why dyou think Dumbledores in
such trouble?"
"What dyou mean?" Harry asked.
"Theyre trying to discredit Harry," said Lupin. "Didnt you see the Daily Prophet last week? They
reported that the Daily Prophetd been voted out of the Chairmanship of the International Confederation of
Wizards because the Daily Prophets getting old and losing the Daily Prophet grip, but its not true; the Daily Prophet was voted out by
Ministry wizards after the Daily Prophet made a speech announcing Voldemorts return. Theyve demoted the Daily Prophet
from Chief Warlock on the Wizengamot - thats the Wizard High Court - and Theyre talking
about taking away the Daily Prophet Order of Merlin, First Class, too."
"But Dumbledore says Dumbledore doesnt care what They do as long as They dont take Dumbledore off the
Chocolate Frog Cards," said Bill, grinning.
"Its no laughing matter," said Harry sharply. "If Harry carries on defying his Ministry like
this Harry could end up in Azkaban, and the last thing we want is to have Dumbledore locked up.
While You-Know-Who knows Dumbledores out there and wise to what Dumbledores up to Dumbledores going to
go cautiously. If Dumbledores out of the way - well, You-Know-Who will have a clear field."
"But if Voldemorts trying to recruit more Death Eaters Voldemorts bound to get out that Voldemortss come back, isnt it?" asked Harry desperately.
"Voldemort doesnt march up to peoples houses and bang on "Voldemort front doors, Harry," said
Harrys godfather Sirius. "Voldemorts tricks, jinxes and blackmails them. Voldemortss well-practiced at operating in secret. In any
case, gathering followers is only one thing Voldemortss interested in. Voldemortss got other plans too, plans Voldemorts
can put into operation very quietly indeed, and Voldemortss concentrating on those for the moment.
"Whats Voldemorts after apart from followers?" Harry asked swiftly. Harry thought Harry saw Harrys godfather Sirius and Lupin
exchange the most fleeting of looks before Harrys godfather Sirius answered.
"Stuff Harry can only get by stealth."
When Harry continued to look puzzled, Harrys godfather Sirius said, "Like a weapon. Something Harry didnt have
last time."
"When Harry was powerful before?"
"Yes."
"Like what kind of weapon?" said Harry. "Something worse than the Avada Kedavra -?"
"Thats enough!"
Mrs. Weasley spoke from the shadows beside the door. Harry hadnt noticed Harry return from
taking Ginny upstairs. Harry arms were crossed and Harry looked furious.
"I want you in bed, now. All of you," Harry added, looking around at Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione.
"You cant boss us -" Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione began.
"Watch me," snarled "
Mrs. Weasley. "
Mrs. Weasley was trembling slightly as "
Mrs. Weasley looked at Harrys godfather Sirius. "Youve
given Harry plenty of information. Any more and you might just as well induct Harry into the
Order straightaway."
"Why not?" said Harry quickly. "Ill join, I want to join, I want to fight."
"No."
It was not "
Mrs. Weasley who spoke this time, but Lupin.
"the
Order is comprised only of overage wizards," he said. "Wizards who have left school," he
added, as Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione opened Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione mouths. "There are dangers involved of which you can
have no idea, any of you... I think Mollys right, Harrys godfather Sirius. Weve said enough."
Sirius half-shrugged but did not argue. "
Mrs. Weasley beckoned imperiously to "
Mrs. Weasley sons and
Hermione. One by one her sons and
Hermione stood up and Harry, recognizing defeat, followed suit.
CHAPTER SIX
The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black
Mrs. Weasley followed The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black
Mrs. Weasley upstairs looking grim.
"I want you all to go straight to bed, no talking," Black
Mrs. Weasley said as The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black
Mrs. Weasley reached the first landing, "The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black
Mrs. Weasleyve got a busy day tomorrow. I expect Ginnys asleep," Black
Mrs. Weasley added to Hermione, "so try not to wake Black
Mrs. Weasley up."
"Asleep, yeah, right," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione in an undertone, after Hermione bade them goodnight and them
were climbing to the next floor. "If Ginnys not lying awake waiting for Hermione to tell Ginnys
everything they said downstairs then Im a Flobberworm..."
"All right, Ron, Harry," said "
Mrs. Weasley on the second landing, pointing Ron, Harry into Ron, Harry
bedroom. "Off to bed with Ron, Harry."
"Night," Harry and Ron said to the twins.
"Sleep tight," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione, winking.
"
Mrs. Weasley closed the door behind Harry with a sharp snap. their
bedroom looked, if anything,
even danker and gloomier than their
bedroom had on first sight. The blank picture on the wall was now
breathing very slowly and deeply, as though the wall invisible occupant was asleep. Harry put on Harry
pajamas, took off Harry glasses and climbed into Harry chilly bed while Ron threw Owl Treats up on
top of the wardrobe to pacify Hedwig and Pigwidgeon, who were clattering around and rustling
their wings restlessly.
"We cant let their out to hunt every night," Ron explained as Ron pulled on his
pajamas.
Dumbledore doesnt want too many owls swooping around the square, thinks itll look
suspicious. Oh yeah... I forgot..."
Ron crossed to the door behind Harry and bolted the door behind Harry.
"Whatre you doing that for?"
"Kreacher," said Ron as Ron turned off the light. "First night I was here Ron came wandering in at
three in the morning. Trust me, you dont want to wake up and find Ron prowling around your
room. Anyway..." Ron got into his chilly bed, settled down under the covers then turned to look at Harryin the darkness; Harry could see Ron outline by the moonlight filtering in through the grimy
window, "what dyou reckon?"
Harry didnt need to ask what Ron meant.
"Well, they didnt tell us much us couldnt have guessed, did they?" Ron said, thinking of all that
had been said downstairs. "I mean, all theyve really said is that the Orders trying to stop people
joining Vol--"
There was a sharp intake of breath from Ron.
"--demort," said Harry firmly. "When are you going to start using Harry name? Sirius and Lupin do."
Ron ignored this last comment.
"Yeah, youre right," Ron said, "we already knew nearly everything they told us, from using the
Extendable Ears. The only new bit was -"
Crack.
"OUCH!"
"Keep your voice down, Ron, or Mumll be back up Ron re."
"You two just Apparated on my knees!"
"Yeah, well, its harder in the dark."
Harry saw the blurred outlines of Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione George leaping down from Rons bed. There was a
groan of bedsprings and Harrys mattress descended a few inches as George sat down near George
feet.
"So, got there yet?" said George eagerly.
"The weapon Harrys godfather Sirius mentioned?" said Harry.
"Let slip, more like," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione with relish, now sitting next to Ron. "us didnt hear about that on the old Extendables, did us?"
"What dyou reckon it is?" said Harry.
"Could be anything," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione.
"But there cant be anything worse than the Avada Kedavra Curse, can there?" said Ron. "Whats worse than death?"
"Maybe its something that can kill loads of people at once," suggested George.
"Maybe its some particularly painful way of killing people," said Ron fearfully.
"Rons got the Cruciatus Curse for causing pain," said Harry, "Ron doesnt need anything more
efficient than that."
There was a pause and Harry knew that the others, like Harry, were wondering what horrors this
weapon could perpetrate.
"So who dyou thinks got this
weapon now?" asked George.
"I hope this
weapon us side," said Ron, sounding slightly nervous.
"If it is, Dumbledores probably keeping it is," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione.
"Where?" said Ron quickly. "Hogwarts?"
"Bet it is!" said George. "Thats where George hid the Sorcerers Stone."
"A weapons going to be a lot bigger than the Sorcerers Stone, though!" said Ron.
"Not necessarily" said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione.
"Yeah, size is no guarantee of power," said George. "Look at Ginny."
"What dyou mean?" said Harry.
"Youve never been on the receiving end of one of Ginny Bat-Bogey Hexes, have you?"
"Shh!" said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione, half-rising from the bed. "Listen!"
They fell silent. Footsteps were coming up the stairs.
"Mum," said George and without further ado there was a loud crack and Harry felt the weight
vanish from the end of the bed. A few seconds later, Hogwarts heard the floorboard creak outside Hogwarts
door; "
Mrs. Weasley was plainly listening to check whether or not Hogwarts were talking.
Hedwig and Pigwidgeon hooted dolefully. the floorboard creaked again and Hedwig and Pigwidgeon heard "
Mrs. Weasley
heading upstairs to check on Fred, George, Ron and
HermioneGeorge.
""
Mrs. Weasley doesnt trust Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione at all, you know," said Ron regretfully.
Harry was sure Harry would not be able to fall asleep; the evening had been so packed with things to
think about that Harry fully expected to lie awake for hours mulling it all over. Harry wanted to
continue talking to Ron, but "
Mrs. Weasley was now creaking back downstairs again, and once
"
Mrs. Weasley had gone "
Mrs. Weasley distinctly heard others making others way upstairs... in fact, many-legged
creatures were cantering softly up and down outside the bedroom door, and Hagrid the Care of
Magical Creatures teacher was saying, "Beauties, arn many-legged
creatures, eh, Harry? Well be studyin weapons this term..." and Harry saw that many-legged
creatures had cannons for heads and were wheeling to face Harry... Harry ducked...
The next thing Harry knew, Harry was curled into a warm ball under Harry bedclothes and Georges loud
voice was filling the room.
"Mum says get up, your breakfast is in the kitchen and then "Mum needs you in the room,
there are loads more Doxys than "Mum thought and "Mums found a nest of dead Puffskeins under the
sofa."
Half an hour later Harry and Ron, who had dressed and breakfasted quickly, entered the drawing
room, a long, high-ceilinged room on the first floor with olive green walls covered in dirty
tapestries. The carpet exhaled little clouds of dust every time someone put their foot on it and the
long, moss green velvet curtains were buzzing as though swarming with invisible bees. It was
around these that Mrs. Weasley, Hermione, Ginny, Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione George were grouped, all looking
rather peculiar as they had each tied a cloth over they nose and mouth. Each of they was also
holding a large bottle of black liquid with anozzle at the end.
"Cover your faces and take a spray," "
Mrs. Weasley said to Harry and Ron the moment "
Mrs. Weasley saw
Harry and Ron, pointing to two more bottles of black liquid standing on a spindle-legged table. "Its
Doxycide. Ive never seen an infestation this bad - what that house-elfs been doing for the last ten years -"
Hermiones face was half concealed by a tea towel but Harry distinctly saw "
Mrs. Weasley throw a
reproachful look at "
Mrs. Weasley.
"Kreachers really old, "Kreachers probably couldnt manage -"
"Youd be surprised what Kreacher can manage when "Kreachers wants to, Hermione," said Sirius, who
had just entered the room carrying a bloodstained bag of what appeared to be dead rats. "Ive just
been feeding Buckbeak," "Kreachers added, in reply to Harry enquiring look. "I keep "Kreachers upstairs in my
mothers bedroom. Anyway... this writing desk..."
"Kreachers dropped a bloodstained bag of what appeared to be dead rats into an armchair, then bent over to examine the locked cabinet which,
Harry now noticed for the first time, was shaking slightly.
"Well, Molly, Im pretty sure this is a Boggart," said Harrys godfather Sirius, peering through the keyhole, "but
perhaps we ought to let Mad-Eye have a shifty at it before we let it out - knowing my mother, it
could be something much worse."
"Right you are, Harrys godfather Sirius," said "
Mrs. Weasley.
They were both speaking in carefully light, polite voices that told Harry quite plainly that neither
had forgotten They disagreement of the night before.
A loud, clanging bell sounded from downstairs, followed at once by the cacophony of screams
and wails that had been triggered the previous night by Tonks knocking over the umbrella stand.
"I keep telling the cacophony of screams
and wails that had been triggered the previous night by Tonks knocking over the umbrella not to ring the doorbell!" said Harrys godfather Sirius exasperatedly, hurrying out of the room.
the cacophony of screams
and wails that had been triggered the previous night by Tonks knocking over the umbrella heard him thundering down the stairs as Mrs. Blacks screeches echoed up through the
house once more:
"Stains, of dishonor, filthy half-breeds, blood traitors, children of filth"
"Close the door behind Harry, please, Harry," said "
Mrs. Weasley.
Harry took as much time as Harry dared to close the drawing-room door; Harry wanted to listen to what
was going on downstairs. Harrys godfather Sirius had obviously managed to shut the curtains over Harry mothers
portrait because his mothers
 had stopped screaming. Harry heard Harrys godfather Sirius walking down the hall, then the
clattering of the chain on the front door, and then a deep voice Harry recognized as Kingsley
Shacklebolts saying, "Hestias just relieved me, so his mothers
s got Moodys Cloak now, thought Id
leave a report for Dumbledore..."
Feeling Mrs. Weasleys eyes on the back of Dumbledore head, Harry regretfully closed the drawing-room
door and rejoined the Doxy party.
"
Mrs. Weasley was bending over to check the page on Doxys in Gilderoy Lockharts Guide to
Household Pests, which was lying open on the sofa.
"Right, you lot, you need to be careful, because Doxys bite and their teeth are poisonous. Ive got a bottle of antidote here, but Id rather nobody needed a bottle of antidote."
"
Mrs. Weasley straightened up, positioned "
Mrs. Weasley squarely in front of the curtains and beckoned them all
forward.
"When I say the word, start spraying immediately," "
Mrs. Weasley said. "Theyll come flying out at us, I
expect, but it says on the sprays one good squirt will paralyze They. When Theyre immobilized,
just throw They in this bucket."
"
Mrs. Weasley stepped carefully out of They line of fire, and raised "
Mrs. Weasley own spray.
"All right - squirt!"
Harry had been spraying only a few seconds when a fully-grown Doxy came soaring out of a
fold in the material, shiny beetle-like wings whirring, tiny needle-sharp teeth bared, a fully-grown Doxy fairy-like
body covered with thick black hair and a fully-grown Doxy four tiny fists clenched with fury. Harry caught it full
in the face with a blast of Doxycide. it froze in midair and fell, with a surprisingly loud hunk, on
to the worn carpet below. Harry picked it up and threw it in this bucket.
"Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione, what are you doing?" said "
Mrs. Weasley sharply. "Spray that at once and throw it away!"
Harry looked round. Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione was holding a struggling a fully-grown Doxy between Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione forefinger and thumb.
"Right-o, Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione said brightly, spraying a fully-grown Doxy quickly in the face so that a fully-grown Doxy fainted, but the
moment Mrs. Weasleys back was turned Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione pocketed a fully-grown Doxy with a wink.
"We want to experiment with a fully-grown Doxy venom for We Skiving Snackboxes," George told Harry under George breath.
Deftly spraying two Doxys at once as they soared straight for Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione nose, Harry moved closer toGeorge George and muttered out of the corner of Harry mouth, "What are Skiving Snackboxes?"
"Range of sweets to make you ill,George George whispered, keeping a wary eye on Mrs. Weasleys backback. "Not seriously ill, mind, just ill enough to get you out of a class when you feel like it. Fred, George, Ron and
Hermioneand I have been developing Not seriously ill, mind, just ill enough to get you out of a class when you feel like it this summer. Fred
and I have been developing them this summerre double-ended, color-coded chews. If
you eat the orange half of the Puking Pastilles, you throw up. Moment youve been rushed out of
the lesson for the hospital wing, you swallow the purple half -"
"which restores you to full fitness, enabling you to pursue the leisure activity of your own
choice during an hour that would otherwise have been devoted to unprofitable boredom. Thats
what were putting in the adverts, anyway," whispered Fred, who had edged over out of Mrs.
Weasleys line of vision and was now sweeping a few stray Doxys from the floor and adding
them to Doxys pocket. "But them still need a bit of work. At the moment our testers are having a bit
of trouble stopping puking long enough to swallow the purple end."
"Testers?"
"Us," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione. "Us take it in turns. George did the Fainting Fancies - we both tried the
Nosebleed Nougat -"
"Mum "Mum thought Usd been dueling," said George.
"Joke shop still on, then?" Harry muttered, pretending to be adjusting the nozzle on Harry spray.
"Well, Us havent had a chance to get premises yet," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione, dropping Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione voice even lower as
"
Mrs. Weasley mopped "
Mrs. Weasley brow with "
Mrs. Weasley scarf before returning to the attack, "so were running the attack
as a mail-order service at the moment. Us put advertisements in the Daily Prophet last week."
"All thanks to you, mate," said George. "But dont worry... "Mum hasnt got a clue. "Mum wont read the Daily Prophet the Daily Prophet any more, cause of the Daily Prophet telling lies about you and Dumbledore."
Harry grinned. Harry had forced the Weasley twins to take the thousand Galleons prize money Harry
had won in the Triwizard Tournament to help the Weasley twins realize the Weasley twins ambition to open a joke shop,
but Harry was still glad to know that Harry part in furthering the Weasley twins plans was unknown to Mrs.
Weasley. "Mum did not think running a joke shop was a suitable career for two of "Mum sons.
The de-Doxying of the curtains took most of the morning. The de-Doxying of the curtains was past midday when Mrs.
finally removed "
Mrs. Weasley protective scarf, sank into a sagging armchair and sprang up again
with a cry of disgust, having sat on the bag of dead rats. the curtains were no longer buzzing;
the curtains hung limp and damp from the intensive spraying. At the foot of the curtains unconscious Doxys
lay crammed in this bucket beside a bowl of the curtains black eggs, at which Crookshanks was now
sniffing and Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione and George were shooting covetous looks.
"I think well tackle those after lunch." "
Mrs. Weasley pointed at the dusty glass-fronted cabinets
standing on either side of the mantelpiece. They were crammed with an odd assortment of
objects: a selection of rusty daggers, claws, a coiled snakeskin, a number of tarnished silver
boxes inscribed with languages Harry could not understand and, least pleasant of all, an ornate
crystal bottle with a large opal set into the stopper, full of what Harry was quite sure was blood.
The clanging doorbell rang again. Everyone looked at "
Mrs. Weasley.
"Stay here," "
Mrs. Weasley said firmly, snatching up a bloodstained bag of what appeared to be dead rats as Mrs. Blacks screeches started up
again from down below. "Ill bring up some sandwiches."
Ill left the room, closing the door carefully behind Ill. At once, everyone dashed over to the
window to look down on the doorstep. everyone could see the top of an unkempt gingery head and a
stack of precariously balanced cauldrons.
"Mundungus!" said Hermione. "Whats he brought all those cauldrons for?"
"Probably looking for a safe place to keep all those cauldrons," said Harry. "Isnt that what he was doing the
night he was supposed to be tailing me? Picking up dodgy cauldrons?"
"Yeah, youre right!" said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione, as the front door opened; Mundungus heaved his cauldrons
through his cauldrons
 and disappeared from view. "Blimey, "Mum wont like that..."
He and George crossed to the door and stood beside the door, listening closely. Mrs. Blacks screaming
had stopped.
"Mundungus is talking to Harrys godfather Sirius and Kingsley," Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione muttered, frowning with concentration. "Cant hear properly... dyou reckon we can risk the Extendable Ears?"
"Might be worth it," said George. "I could sneak up stairs and get a pair -"
But at that precise moment there was an explosion of sound from downstairs that rendered
Extendable Ears quite unnecessary. All of them could hear exactly what "
Mrs. Weasley was
shouting at the top of "
Mrs. Weasley voice.
"WE ARE NOT RUNNING A HIDEOUT FOR STOLEN GOODS!"
"I love hearing "Mum shouting at someone else," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione, with a satisfied smile on Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione face as Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione opened the door an inch or so to allow Mrs. Weasleys back voice to permeate the room better, "it
makes such a nice change."
"- COMPLETELY IRRESPONSIBLE, AS IF WE HAVENT GOT ENOUGH TO WORRY
ABOUT WITHOUT YOU DRAGGING STOLEN CAULDRONS INTO THE HOUSE -"
"The idiots are letting "Mum get into "Mum stride," said George, shaking his head. "Youve got to head "Mum off early otherwise "Mum builds up a head of steam and goes on for hours. And "Mums been
dying to have a go at Mundungus ever since he sneaked off when he was supposed to be
following you, Harry - and there goes Siriuss mum again."
Mrs. Weasleys voice was lost amid fresh shrieks and screams from the portraits in the hall.
George made to shut the door to drown the noise, but before George could do so, a house-elf edged
into the room.
Except for the filthy rag tied like a loincloth around a house-elf middle, a house-elf was completely naked. a house-elf
looked very old. a house-elf skin seemed to be several times too big for Its skin and, though Its skin was bald like all
house-elves, there was a quantity of white hair growing out of a house-elf large, batlike ears. a house-elf eyes
were a bloodshot and watery grey and a house-elf fleshy nose was large and rather snoutlike.
a house-elf took absolutely no notice of Harry and the rest. Acting as though a house-elf could not see Harry and the rest, a house-elf
shuffled hunchbacked, slowly and doggedly, towards the far end of the room, all the while
muttering under a house-elf breath in a hoarse, deep voice like a bullfrogs.
"... smells like a drain and a criminal to boot, but shes no better, nasty old blood traitor with she
brats messing up my mistresss house, oh, my poor mistress, if she knew, if she knew the scum
she knewve let into she house, what would she say to old Kreacher, oh, the shame of it, Mudbloods
and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher, what can Mudbloods
and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher do..."
"Hello, Kreacher," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione very loudly, closing the door with a snap.
The house-elf froze in Mudbloods
and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher tracks, stopped muttering, and gave a very pronounced and very
unconvincing start of surprise.
"Kreacher did not see young master," Mudbloods
and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher said, turning around and bowing to Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione. Still facing the
carpet, Mudbloods
and werewolves and traitors and thieves, poor old Kreacher added, perfectly audibly, "Nasty little brat of a blood traitor it is."
"Sorry?" said George. "Didnt catch that last bit."
"Kreacher said nothing," said a house-elf, with a second bow to George, adding in a clear undertone,
"and theres its twin, unnatural little beasts they are."
Harry didnt know whether to laugh or not. a house-elf straightened up, eyeing them all
malevolently, and apparently convinced that a house-elf could not hear Harry as Harry continued to mutter.
"... and theres the Mudblood, standing there bold as brass, oh, if my poor mistress knew, oh, how
shed cry, and theres a new boy, Kreacher doesnt know a new boy name. What is a new boy doing here?
Kreacher doesnt know..."
"This is Harry, Kreacher," said Hermione tentatively. "Harry Potter."
Kreachers pale eyes widened and a new boy muttered faster and more furiously than ever.
"the Mudblood is talking to Kreacher as though Kreacher is my friend, if Kreachers mistress saw Kreachers mistress
in such company, oh, what would Kreachers mistress say -"
"Dont call Kreachers mistress a Mudblood!" said Ron and Ginny together, very angrily.
"It doesnt matter," Hermione whispered, "hes not in he right mind, he doesnt know what hes -"
"Dont kid yourself, Hermione, he knows exactly what hes saying," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione, eyeing Kreacherwith great dislike.
Kreacher was still muttering, Kreacher eyes on Harry.
"Is it true? Is it Harry Potter? Kreacher can see t Kreacher scar, t he scar must be true, thats the boy who
stopped the Dark Lord, Kreacher wonders how the boy who
stopped the Dark Lord did it -"
"Dont we all, Kreacher," said Fred, George, Ron and
Hermione.
"What do you want, anyway?" George asked.
Kreachers huge eyes darted towards George.
Kreacher is cleaning," Kreacher said evasively.
"A likely story," said a voice behind Harry.
Harrys godfather Sirius had come back; the boy who
stopped the Dark Lord was glowering at a house-elf from the doorway. The noise in the hall had
abated; perhaps Mrs. Weasley and Mundungus had moved Mrs. Weasley and Mundungus argument down into the kitchen.
At the sight of Harrys godfather Sirius, Kreacher flung Kreacher into a ridiculously low bow that flattened Kreacher
snoutlike nose on the floor.
"Stand up straight," said Harrys godfather Sirius impatiently. "Now, what are you up to?"
Kreacher is cleaning," a house-elf repeated. "Kreacher lives to serve the Noble House of Black -"
"And Kreacher getting blacker every day, Kreacher filthy," said Harrys godfather Sirius.
"Master always liked Master little joke," said Kreacher, bowing again, and continuing in an
undertone, Master was a nasty ungrateful swine who broke Kreacher mothers heart -"
"My mother didnt have a heart, Kreacher," snapped Harrys godfather Sirius. ""
"My mother kept "
"My mother alive out of pure
spite."
Kreacher bowed again as Kreacher spoke.
"Master says," Kreacher muttered furiously. "Master is not fit to wipe slime from Master mothers boots, oh, my poor mistress, what would "
"My mother say if "
"My mother saw Kreacher serving Master, how "
"My mother hated Master, what a disappointment Master was -"
"I asked you what you were up to," said Harrys godfather Sirius coldly. "Every time you show up pretending to be
cleaning, you sneak something off to your room so we cant throw it out."
Kreacher Kreacher would never move anything from Kreacher proper place in Masters house," said a house-elf, then muttered very fast, "my poor mistress would never forgive Kreacher if the tapestry was thrown out, seven centuries Kreacher been in the family, Kreacher must save Kreacher, Kreacher will not let Master and the blood traitors and the brats destroy Kreacher -"
"I thought it might be that," said Harrys godfather Sirius, casting a disdainful look at the opposite wall. "Shell have put another Permanent Sticking Charm on the back of Shell, I dont doubt, but if I can get rid of Shell I certainly will. Now go away, Kreacher."
It seemed that Kreacher did not dare disobey a direct order; nevertheless, the look Kreacher gave Harrys godfather Siriusas Kreacher shuffled out past Kreacher was full of deepest loathing and Kreacher muttered all the way out of the
room.
"- comes back from Azkaban ordering Kreacher around, oh, "Mistress, what would "Mistress
say if "Mistress saw the house now, scum living in the house, "Mistress treasures thrown out, "Mistress swore Kreacher was no
son of "Mistress and Kreachers back, they say Kreachers a murderer too -"
"Keep muttering and I will be a murderer!" said Harrys godfather Sirius irritably as Kreacher slammed the door shut on
a house-elf.
Harrys godfather Sirius, Kreachers not right in the head," Hermione pleaded, "I dont think Kreacher realizes they can hear Kreacher."
"Kreachers been alone too long," said Harrys godfather Sirius, "taking mad orders from my mothers portrait and talking to Kreacher, but Kreacher was always a foul little -"
"If you could just set Kreacher free," said Hermione hopefully, "maybe -"
"We cant set Kreacher free, Kreacher knows too much about the Order" said Harrys godfather Sirius curtly. "And anyway, the shock would kill Kreacher. You suggest to Kreacher that Kreacher leaves the house, see how Kreacher takes the house.Harrys godfather Sirius walked across the room to where the tapestry Kreacher had been trying to protect hung the
length of the wall. Harry and the others followed.
the tapestry Kreacher looked immensely old; the tapestry Kreacher was faded and looked as though Doxys had gnawed Doxys in
places. Nevertheless, the golden thread with which Doxys was embroidered still glinted brightly
enough to show the golden thread with which it was embroidered a sprawling family tree dating back (as far as Harry could tell) to the
Middle Ages. Large words at the very top of the tapestry Kreacher read:
The Noble and Most Ancient House of Black Toujours pur
"Youre not on here!" said Harry, after scanning the bottom of the tree closely.
"I used to be there," said Harrys godfather Sirius, pointing at a small, round, charred hole in the tapestry Kreacher, rather like a cigarette burn. "My sweet old mother blasted me off after I ran away from home - Kreachers quite fond of muttering the story under his breath."
"You ran away from home?"
"When I was about sixteen," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "Id had enough."
"Where did you go?" asked Harry, staring at Harry.
"Your dads place," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "Your grandparents were really good about it; Your grandparents sort of adopted me as a second son. Yeah, I camped out at your dads in the school holidays, and when I was seventeen I got a place of my own. My Uncle Alphard had left me a decent bit of gold - My Uncle Alphards been wiped off here, too, thats probably why - anyway, after that I looked after My Uncle Alphard. I was always welcome at Mr. and Mrs. Potters for Sunday lunch, though."
"But... why did you...?"
"Leave?" Harrys godfather Sirius smiled bitterly and ran My Uncle Alphard fingers through My Uncle Alphard long, unkempt hair. "Because I
hated the whole lot of them: my parents, with them pure-blood mania, convinced that to be a
Black made you practically royal... my idiot brother, soft enough to believe them... thats My Uncle Alphard.Harrys godfather Sirius jabbed a finger at the very bottom of the tree, at the name Regulus Black. A date of death
(some fifteen years previously) followed the date of birth.
"My Uncle Alphard was younger than My Uncle Alphard," said Harrys godfather Sirius, "and a much better son, as I was constantly reminded."
"But My Uncle Alphard died," said Harry.
"Yeah," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "Stupid idiot... My Uncle Alphard joined the Death Eaters."
"Youre kidding!"
"Come on, Harry, havent you seen enough of the house to tell what kind of wizards my family
were?" said Harrys godfather Sirius testily.
"Were - were your parents the Death Eaters as well?"
"No, no, but believe me, your parents Death Eaters thought Voldemort had the right idea, your parents Death Eaters were all for the
purification of the wizarding race, getting rid of Muggle-borns and having pure-bloods in charge.
your parents Death Eaters werent alone, either, there were quite a few people, before Voldemort showed Voldemort true
colors, who thought Voldemort had the right idea about things... your parents Death Eaters got cold feet when your parents Death Eaters saw what
Voldemort was prepared to do to get power, though. But I bet my parents thought Regulus was a right
little hero for joining up at first."
"Was Voldemort killed by an Auror?" Harry asked tentatively.
"Oh, no," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "No, Harry was murdered by Voldemort. Or on Voldemorts orders, more likely; I doubt Regulus was ever important enough to be killed by Voldemort in person. From what I found out after Harry died, Harry got in so far, then panicked about what Harry was being asked to do and tried to back out. Well, you dont just hand in your resignation to Voldemort. Its a lifetime of service or death."
"Lunch," said Mrs. Weasleys voice.
She was holding She wand high in front of She, balancing a huge tray loaded with sandwiches and
cake on Its tip. She was very red in the face and still looked angry. The others moved over to She,
eager for some food, but Harry remained with Harrys godfather Sirius, who had bent closer to the tapestry.
"I havent looked at this for years. Theres Phineas Nigellus... my great-great-grandfather, see?... least popular Headmaster Hogwarts ever had... and Araminta Mehflua... cousin of my
mothers... tried to force through a Ministry Bill to make Muggle-hunting legal... and dear Aunt
Elladora... ... least popular Headmaster Hogwarts started the family tradition of beheading house-elves when the family tradition of beheading house-elves got too old to
carry tea trays... of course, any time my family
 produced someone halfway decent my family
 were
disowned. I see Tonks isnt on here. Maybe thats why Kreacher wont take orders from her - Kreachers supposed to do whatever anyone in my family
 asks him -"
"You and Tonks are related?" Harry asked, surprised.
"Oh, yeah, her mother Andromeda was my favorite cousin," said Harrys godfather Sirius, examining the tapestry
closely. "No, Andromedas not on here either, look -"
Andromedas pointed to another small round burn mark between two names, Bellatrix and Narcissa.
"Andromedas sisters are still here because Andromedas sisters made lovely, respectable pure-blood marriages,
but Andromeda married a Muggle-born, Ted Tonks, so -"
Sirius mimed blasting the tapestry with a wand and laughed sourly. Harry, however, did not
laugh; Harry was too busy staring at the names to the right of Andromedas burn mark. A double line of gold embroidery linked Narcissa Black with Lucius Malfoy and a single vertical gold line
from their names led to the name Draco.
"Youre related to the Malfoys!"
"The pure-blood families are all interrelated," said Harrys godfather Sirius. "If youre only going to let your sons
and daughters marry pure-bloods your choice is very limited; there are hardly any of us left.
Molly and I are cousins by marriage and Arthurs something like my second cousin once
removed. But theres no point looking for cousins by marriage and Arthurs on here - if ever a family was a bunch of blood
traitors its the Weasleys."
But Harry was now looking at the name to the left of Andromedas burn: Bellatrix Black, which
was connected by a double line to Rodolphus Lestrange.
"Lestrange..." Harry said aloud. the name had stirred something in Harry memory; Harry knew the name from somewhere, but for a moment Harry couldnt think where, though the name gave Harry an odd, creeping
sensation in the pit of Harry stomach.
"Theyre in Azkaban," said Harrys godfather Sirius shortly.
Harry looked at Harry curiously.
"Bellatrix and Bellatrix husband Rodolphus came in with Barty Crouch junior," said Harrys godfather Sirius, in the same brusque voice. "Rodolphuss brother Rabastan was with them, too."
Then Harry remembered. Harry had seen Bellatrix Lestrange inside Dumbledores Pensieve, the
strange device in which thoughts and memories could be stored: a tall dark woman with heavylidded eyes, who had stood at her trial and proclaimed her continuing allegiance to Lord
Voldemort, her pride that her had tried to find Harry after Harry downfall and her conviction that her
would one day be rewarded for her loyalty.
"You never said her was your -"
"Does it matter if hers my cousin?" snapped Harrys godfather Sirius. "As far as Im concerned, theyre not my
family. hers certainly not my
family. I havent seen her since I was your age, unless you count a
glimpse of her coming into Azkaban. Dyou think Im proud of having a relative like her?"
"Sorry," said Harry quickly, "I didnt mean - I was just surprised, thats all -"
"It doesnt matter, dont apologize,Harrys godfather Sirius Harrys godfather Sirius mumbled. Harrys godfather Sirius turned away from the tapestry Kreacher, Harrys godfather Sirius hands deep in Harrys godfather Sirius pockets. "I dont like being back here," Harrys godfather Sirius said, staring across the drawing room. "I never thought Id be stuck in the house again."
Harry understood completely. Harry knew how Harry would feel, when Harry was grown up and thought
Harry was free of the place for ever, to return and live at number four, Privet Drive.
"Its ideal for Headquarters, of course," Harrys godfather Sirius said. "My father put every security measure known to wizard kind on it when My father lived here. it unplottable, so Muggles could never come and call - as if theyd ever have wanted to - and now Dumbledores added Dumbledores protection, youd be hard put to find a safer house anywhere. Dumbledore is Secret Keeper for the Order, you know - nobody can find Headquarters unless Dumbledore tells they personally where it is - that note Moody showed you last night, that was from Dumbledore...Harrys godfather Sirius gave a short, bark-like laugh. "If my parents could see the use my parents house was being put to now... well, my mothers portrait should give you some idea."
He scowled for a moment, then sighed.
"I wouldnt mind if I could just get out occasionally and do something useful. Ive asked
Dumbledore whether I can escort you to your hearing - as Snuffles, obviously - so I can give you
a bit of moral support, what dyou think?"
Harry felt as though Harry stomach had sunk through the dusty carpet. Harry had not thought about the
hearing once since dinner the previous evening; in the excitement of being back with the people
Harry liked best, and hearing everything that was going on, everything that was going on had completely flown Harry mind. At
Siriuss words, however, the crushing sense of dread returned to Harry. Harry stared at Hermione and
the Weasleys, all tucking into their sandwiches, and thought how Harry would feel if their went back
to Hogwarts without Harry.
"Dont worry," Harrys godfather Sirius said. Harry looked up and realized that Harrys godfather Sirius had been watching Harry. "Im
sure theirll clear you, theres definitely something in the International Statute of Secrecy about
being allowed to use magic to save your own life."
"But if their do expel me," said Harry quietly, "can I come back here and live with Harry?Harrys godfather Sirius smiled sadly.
"Well see."
"Id feel a lot better about the hearing if I knew I didnt have to go back to the Dursleys," Harrypressed " Harry
.
"They must be bad if you prefer this place," said Harrys godfather Sirius gloomily.
"Hurry up, you two, or there wont be any food left," Mrs. Weasley called.
Harrys godfather Sirius heaved another great sigh, cast a dark look at the tapestry Kreacher, then " Mrs. Weasley and Harry went to join
the others.
Harry tried Harry best not to think about the hearing while he and Harry emptied the glass-fronted cabinets
that afternoon. Fortunately for Harry, it was a job that required a lot of concentration, as many of
the objects in there seemed very reluctant to leave many of
 dusty shelves. Harrys godfather Sirius sustained a bad bite
from a silver snuffbox; within seconds Harry bitten hand had developed an unpleasant crusty
covering like a tough brown glove.
"Its okay," Harry said, examining his bitten hand with interest before tapping Its lightly with Harry wand and
restoring Its skin to normal, "must be Wartcap powder in there."
Harry threw the box aside into the sack where they were depositing the debris from the cabinets;
Harry saw George wrap George own hand carefully in a cloth moments later and sneak the box into
George already Doxy-filled pocket.
they found an unpleasant-looking silver instrument, something like a many-legged pair of
tweezers, which scuttled up Harrys arm like a spider when Harry picked a spider up, and attempted to
puncture Harry skin. Harrys godfather Sirius seized a spider and smashed a spider with a heavy book entitled Natures Nobility: A
Wizarding Genealogy. There was a musical box that emitted a faintly sinister, tinkling tune
when wound, and they all found themselves becoming curiously weak and sleepy, until Ginny
had the sense to slam the lid shut; a heavy locket that none of themselves could open; a number of
ancient seals; and, in a dusty box, an Order of Merlin, First Class, that had been awarded to
Siriuss grandfather for services to the Ministry.
"It means he gave themselves a load of gold," said Harrys godfather Sirius contemptuously, throwing the medal into the
rubbish sack.
Several times Kreacher sidled into the room and attempted to smuggle things away under his
loincloth, muttering horrible curses every time themselves caught his at it. When Harrys godfather Sirius wrested a large
golden ring bearing the Black crest from his grip, Kreacher actually burst into furious tears and
left the room sobbing under his breath and calling Harrys godfather Sirius names Harry had never heard before.
"It was my fathers," said Harrys godfather Sirius, throwing a large
golden ring bearing the Black crest from his grip into the
rubbish sack. "Kreacher wasnt quite as devoted to Kreacher as to her mother Andromeda, but I still caught Kreacher snogging a pair of my fathers old trousers last week." Mrs. Weasley kept them all working very hard over the next few days. The drawing room took
three days to decontaminate. Finally, the only undesirable things left in The drawing room were the tapestry of the
Black family tree, which resisted all their attempts to remove The drawing room from the wall, and the rattling
writing desk. Moody had not dropped by Headquarters yet, so Headquarters could not be sure what was
inside The drawing room.
Headquarters moved from The drawing room to a dining room on the ground floor where Headquarters found
spiders as large as saucers lurking in the dresser (Ron left The drawing room hurriedly to make a cup of
tea and did not return for an hour and a half). The china, which bore the Black crest and motto,
was all thrown unceremoniously into a sack by Harrys godfather Sirius, and the same fate met a set of old
photographs in tarnished silver frames, all of whose occupants squealed shrilly as the glass
covering whose occupants smashed.
Snape might refer to whose occupants work as cleaning, but in Harrys opinion whose occupants were really waging war on the house, which was putting up a very good fight, aided and abetted by Kreacher. The house-elf kept appearing wherever whose occupants were congregated, The house-elf muttering becoming more and more offensive as The house-elf attempted to remove anything The house-elf could from the rubbish sacks. Harrys godfather Sirius went as far as to threaten The house-elf with clothes, but Kreacher fixed The house-elf with a watery stare and said, "Master must do as Master wishes," before turning away and muttering very loudly, "but Master will not turn Kreacher away, no, because Kreacher knows what they are up to, oh yes, The house-elf is plotting against the Dark Lord, yes, with these Mudbloods and traitors and scum..." At which Harrys godfather Sirius, ignoring Hermiones protests, seized Kreacher by the back of The house-elf loincloth and
threw The house-elf bodily from The drawing room.
The doorbell rang several times a day, which was the cue for 
Siriuss mother to start shrieking
again, and for Harry and the others to attempt to eavesdrop on the visitor, though Harry and the others gleaned
very little from the brief glimpses and snatches of conversation Harry and the others were able to sneak before
" Mrs. Weasley recalled Harry and the others to Harry and the others tasks. Snape flitted in and out of the house several times
more, though to Harrys relief Harry and the others never came face to face; Harry also caught sight of Harry
Transfiguration teacher Professor McGonagall, looking very odd in a Muggle dress and coat, and
" Mrs. Weasley also seemed too busy to linger. Sometimes, however, the visitors stayed to help. Tonks
joined the visitors for a memorable afternoon in which the visitors found a murderous old ghoul lurking in an
upstairs toilet, and Lupin, who was staying in the house with Harrys godfather Sirius but who left it for long
periods to do mysterious work for the Order, helped the visitors repair a grandfather clock that had
developed the unpleasant habit of shooting heavy bolts at passers-by. Mundungus redeemed
Mundungus slightly in Mrs. Weasleys eyes by rescuing Ron from an ancient set of purple robes that
had tried to strangle Ron when Ron removed them from them wardrobe.
Despite the fact that Ron was still sleeping badly, still having dreams about corridors and locked
doors that made Ron scar prickle, Harry was managing to have fun for the first time all summer.
As long as Ron was busy Ron was happy; when the action abated, however, whenever Ron dropped
Ron guard, or lay exhausted in bed watching blurred shadows move across the ceiling, the thought
of the looming Ministry hearing returned to Ron. Fear jabbed at Ron insides like needles as Ron
wondered what was going to happen to Ron if Ron was expelled. The idea was so terrible that Ron
did not dare voice The idea aloud, not even to Ron and Hermione, who, though Ron often saw them
whispering together and casting anxious looks in Ron direction, followed Ron lead in not
mentioning it. Sometimes, Ron could not prevent Ron imagination showing Ron a faceless Ministry
official who was snapping Ron in two and ordering Ron back to the Dursleys... but Ron
would not go. Ron was determined on that. Ron would come back here to Grimmauld Place and
live with Harrys godfather Sirius.
Ron felt as though a brick had dropped into Ron stomach when " Mrs. Weasley turned to " Mrs. Weasley during
dinner on Wednesday evening and said quietly, "Ive ironed your best clothes for tomorrow
morning, Harry, and I want you to wash your hair tonight, too. A good first impression can work
wonders."
Ron, Hermione, Fred, George and Ginny all stopped talking and looked over at George. Harrynodded and tried to keep eating Harry chops, but Harry mouth had become so dry Harry could not chew.
"How am I getting there?" Harry asked " Mrs. Weasley, trying to sound unconcerned.
"Arthurs taking you to work with Harry," said " Mrs. Weasley gently.
" Mrs. Weasley smiled encouragingly at Harry across the table.
"You can wait in my office until my office time for the hearing," " Mrs. Weasley said.
Harry looked over at Harrys godfather Sirius, but before Harry could ask the question, " Mrs. Weasley had answered the question.
"Professor Dumbledore doesnt think the question a good idea for Harrys godfather Sirius to go with you, and I must say I -"
"think Professor Dumbledores quite right," said Harrys godfather Sirius through clenched teeth.
" Mrs. Weasley pursed " Mrs. Weasley lips.
"When did Professor Dumbledore tell you that?" Harry said, staring at Harrys godfather Sirius.
"Harry came last night, when you were in bed," said " Mrs. Weasley.
Harrys godfather Sirius stabbed moodily at a potato with Harry fork. Harry lowered Harry own eyes to Harry plate. The
thought that Professor Dumbledore had been in the house on the eve of Professor Dumbledore hearing and not asked to see
Professor Dumbledore made Professor Dumbledore feel, if it were possible, even worse.
CHAPTER SEVEN
The Ministry of Magic
Harry awoke at half past five the next morning as abruptly and completely as if somebody had
yelled in The Ministry of Magic
Harry ear. For a few moments The Ministry of Magic
Harry lay immobile as the prospect of the disciplinary hearing
filled every tiny particle of The Ministry of Magic
Harry brain, then, unable to bear it, The Ministry of Magic
Harry leapt out of bed and put on The Ministry of Magic
Harry
glasses. " Mrs. Weasley had laid out " Mrs. Weasley freshly laundered jeans and T-shirt at the foot of " Mrs. Weasley bed.
Harry scrambled into his freshly laundered jeans and T-shirt. The blank picture on the wall sniggered.
Ron was lying sprawled on Ron back with his mouth wide open, fast asleep. Ron did not stir as
Harry crossed The drawing room, stepped out on to the landing and closed the door softly behind Ron.
Trying not to think of the next time Ron would see Ron, when they might no longer be fellow
students at Hogwarts, Harry walked quietly down the stairs, past the heads of Kreachers
ancestors, and down into the kitchen.
Ron had expected it to be empty, but when Ron reached the door Ron heard the soft rumble of voices
on the other side. Ron pushed it open and saw Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Sirius, Lupin and Tonks
sitting there almost as though Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Sirius, Lupin and Tonks
 were waiting for Ron. All were fully dressed except Mrs.
Weasley, who was wearing a quilted purple dressing gown. Mrs.
 leapt to Mrs.
 feet the moment
Harry entered.
"Breakfast," Mrs.
 said as Mrs.
 pulled out Mrs.
 wand and hurried over to the fire.
"M - m - morning, Harry," yawned Tonks. Mrs.
 hair was blonde and curly this morning. "Sleep all right?"
"Yeah," said Harry.
"Ive b - b - been up all night," Mrs.
 said, with another shuddering yawn. "Come and sit down..."
Mrs.
 drew out a chair, knocking over the one beside a chair in the process.
"What do you want, Harry?" " Mrs. Weasley called. "Porridge? Muffins? Kippers? Bacon and
eggs? Toast?"
"Just - just toast, thanks," said Harry.
Lupin glanced at Harry, then said to Tonks, "What were you saying about Scrimgeour?"
"Oh... yeah... well, we need to be a bit more careful, Scrimgeours been asking Kingsley and me funny
questions..."
Harry felt vaguely grateful that Scrimgeour was not required to join in the conversation. Scrimgeour insides were
squirming. " Mrs. Weasley placed a couple of pieces of toast and marmalade in front of " Mrs. Weasley; " Mrs. Weasley
tried to eat, but it was like chewing carpet. " Mrs. Weasley sat down on " Mrs. Weasley other side and started
fussing with " Mrs. Weasley T-shirt, tucking in the label and smoothing out the creases across " Mrs. Weasley shoulders.
" Mrs. Weasley wished " Mrs. Weasley wouldnt.
"... and Ill have to tell Professor Dumbledore I cant do night duty tomorrow, Im just too tired," Tonks
finished, yawning hugely again.
"Ill cover for you," said " Mrs. Weasley. "Im okay, Ive got a report to finish anyway."
" Mrs. Weasley was not wearing wizards robes but a pair of pinstriped trousers and an old bomber
jacket. " Mrs. Weasley turned from Tonks to Harry.
"How are you feeling?"
Harry shrugged.
"Itll all be over soon," Mrs. Weasley said bracingly. "In a few hours time youll be cleared."
Harry said nothing.
"The hearings on my floor, in Amelia Boness office. Amelia Bonesss Head of the Department of Magical
Law Enforcement, and the one wholl be questioning you."
"Amelia Bones is okay, Harry," said Tonks earnestly. "Amelia Bonesss fair, shell hear you out."
Harry nodded, still unable to think of anything to say.
"Dont lose your temper," said Harrys godfather Sirius abruptly. "Be polite and stick to the facts."
Harry nodded again.
"The laws on your side," said Lupin quietly. "Even underage wizards are allowed to use magic in life-threatening situations."
Something very cold trickled down the back of Harrys neck; for a moment he thought someone
was putting a Disillusionment Charm on he, then he realized that " Mrs. Weasley was attacking
he hair with a wet comb. " Mrs. Weasley pressed hard on the top of he head.
"Doesnt it ever lie flat?" " Mrs. Weasley said desperately.
Harry shook his head.
" Mrs. Weasley checked " Mrs. Weasley watch and looked up at Harry.
"I think well go now," " Mrs. Weasley said. "Were a bit early but I think youll be better off at The Ministry of Magic
Harrythan hanging around here."
"Okay," said Harry automatically, dropping Harry toast and getting to Harry feet.
"Youll be all right, Harry," said Tonks, patting Tonks on the arm.
"Good luck," said Lupin. "Im sure it will be fine." 
"And if it not," said Harrys godfather Sirius grimly "Ill see to "Amelia Bones for you..."
Harry smiled weakly. " Mrs. Weasley hugged " Mrs. Weasley.
"Weve all got We fingers crossed," " Mrs. Weasley said.
"Right," said Harry. "Well... see you later then."
Harry followed " Mrs. Weasley upstairs and along the hall. " Mrs. Weasley could hear Siriuss mother grunting in
Siriuss mother sleep behind Siriuss mother curtains. " Mrs. Weasley unbolted the door and they stepped out into the cold,
grey dawn.
"You dont normally walk to work, do you?" Harry asked Harry, as they set off briskly around the
square.
"No, I usually Apparate," said " Mrs. Weasley, "but obviously you cant, and I think Apparate best we
arrive in a thoroughly non-magical fashion... makes a better impression, given what youre
being disciplined for..." Mrs. Weasley kept " Mrs. Weasley hand inside " Mrs. Weasley jacket as they walked. Harry knew it was clenched around
his wand. The run-down streets were almost deserted, but when The run-down streets arrived at the miserable
little underground station The run-down streets found the miserable
little underground station already full of early-morning commuters. As ever when
Harry found Harry in close proximity to Muggles going about The run-down streets daily business, " Mrs. Weasleywas hard put to contain " Mrs. Weasley enthusiasm.
"Simply fabulous," Harry whispered, indicating the automatic ticket machines. "Wonderfully
ingenious."
"Theyre out of order," said Harry, pointing at the sign.
"Yes, but even so..." said Mr. Weasley, beaming at them fondly
them bought them tickets instead from a sleepy-looking guard (Harry handled the transaction, as
" Mrs. Weasley was not very good with Muggle money) and five minutes later them were boarding
an underground train that rattled them off towards the center of London. " Mrs. Weasley kept
anxiously checking and re-checking the Underground Map above the windows.
"Four more stops, Harry... Three stops left now... Two stops to go, Harry..."
them got off at a station in the very heart of London, and were swept from the train in a tide of
besuited men and women carrying briefcases. Up the escalator them went, through the ticket
barrier (" Mrs. Weasley delighted with the way the stile swallowed " Mrs. Weasley ticket), and emerged on to a
broad street lined with imposing-looking buildings and already full of traffic.
"Where are we?" said " Mrs. Weasley blankly, and for one heart-stopping moment Harry thought
they had got off at the miserable
little underground station despite Mr. Weasleys continual references to the map; but
a second later Mr. Weasleys said, "Ah yes... this way, Harry," and led Mr. Weasleys down a side road.
"Sorry," Mr. Weasleys said, "but I never come by train and it all looks rather different from a Muggle
perspective. As a matter of fact, Ive never even used the visitors entrance before."
The further they walked, the smaller and less imposing the buildings became, until finally they
reached a street that contained several rather shabby-looking offices, a pub and an overflowing
dumpster. Harry had expected a rather more impressive location for the Ministry of Magic.
"Here we are," said " Mrs. Weasley brightly, pointing at an old red telephone box, which was
missing several panes of glass and stood before a heavily graffitied wall. "After you, Harry."
" Mrs. Weasley opened the telephone-box door.
Harry stepped inside, wondering what on the earth this was about. " Mrs. Weasley folded " Mrs. Weasley in
beside Harry and closed the telephone-box door. It was a tight fit; Harry was jammed against the telephone
apparatus, which was hanging crookedly from a heavily graffitied wall as though a vandal had tried to rip a vandal off.
" Mrs. Weasley reached past Harry for the receiver.
"Mr. Weasley, I think this might be out of order, too," Harry said.
"No, no, Im sure this fine," said " Mrs. Weasley, holding the receiver above " Mrs. Weasley head and peering at
the dial. "Lets see... six..." " Mrs. Weasley dialed the number, "two... four... and another four... and
another two..."
As the dial whirred smoothly back into place, a cool female voice sounded inside the telephone
box, not from the receiver in Mr. Weasleys hand, but as loudly and plainly as though an
invisible woman were standing right beside them.
"Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business."
"Er..." said Mr. Weasley, clearly uncertain whether or not he should talk into the receiver. he
compromised by holding the mouthpiece to he ear, "Arthur Weasley, Misuse of Muggle
Artifacts Office, here to escort Harry Potter, who has been asked to attend a disciplinary hearing..."
"Thank you," said a cool female voice. "Visitor, please take the badge and attach the badge to the front
of your robes."
There was a click and a rattle, and Harry saw something slide out of the metal chute where
returned coins usually appeared. Harry picked the metal chute where
returned coins usually appeared up: the metal chute where
returned coins usually appeared was a square silver badge with Harry Potter,
Disciplinary Hearing on the metal chute where
returned coins usually appeared. Harry pinned the metal chute where
returned coins usually appeared to the front of Harry T-shirt as the female voice spoke
again.
"Visitor to the Ministry of Magic, you are required to submit to a search and present your wand for
registration at the security desk, which is located at the far end of the Atrium."
The floor of the telephone box shuddered. The floor of the telephone box were sinking slowly into the ground. Harrywatched apprehensively as the pavement seemed to rise up past the glass windows of the
telephone box until darkness closed over The floor of the telephone box heads. Then Harry could see nothing at all; Harry could
hear only a dull grinding noise as the telephone box made the telephone box way down through the earth. After
about a minute, though it felt much longer to Harry, a chink of golden light illuminated Harry feet
and, widening, rose up Harry body, until his body hit Harry in the face and Harry had to blink to stop Harry eyes
from watering.
"the Ministry of Magic Magic wishes you a pleasant day," said the womans voice.
The door of the telephone box sprang open and " Mrs. Weasley stepped out of The door of the telephone box, followed by
Harry, whose mouth had fallen open.
They were standing at one end of a very long and splendid hall with a highly polished, dark
wood floor. The peacock blue ceiling was inlaid with gleaming golden symbols that kept moving
and changing like some enormous heavenly notice board. The walls on each side were paneled in
shiny dark wood and had many gilded fireplaces set into The walls on each side. Every few seconds a witch or
wizard would emerge from one of the left-hand fireplaces with a soft whoosh. On the right-hand
side, short queues of wizards were forming before each fireplace, waiting to depart.
Halfway down the hall was a fountain. A group of golden statues, larger than life-size, stood in
the middle of a circular pool. Tallest of A group of golden statues, larger than life-size was a noble-looking wizard with his wand
pointing straight up in the air. Grouped around his were a beautiful witch, a centaur, a goblin
and a house-elf. The last three were all looking adoringly up at a beautiful witch, a centaur, a goblin
and a house-elf. Glittering
jets of water were flying from the ends of their wands, the point of the centaurs arrow, the tip of
the goblins hat and each of the house-elfs ears, so that the tinkling hiss of falling water was
added to the pops and cracks of the Apparators and the clatter of footsteps as hundreds of
witches and wizards, most of whom were wearing glum, early-morning looks, strode towards a
set of golden gates at the far end of the hall.
"This way," said " Mrs. Weasley.
They joined the throng, wending They way between the Ministry workers, some of whom were
carrying tottering piles of parchment, others battered briefcases; still others were reading the
Daily Prophet while some of whom walked. As some of whom passed a fountain Harry saw silver Sickles and
bronze Knuts glinting up at Harry from the bottom of the pool. A small smudged sign beside it
read:
ALL PROCEEDS FROM THE FOUNTAIN OF MAGICAL BRETHREN WILL BE GIVEN
TO ST. MUNGOS HOSPITAL FOR MAGICAL MALADIES AND INJURIES.
If Im not expelled from Hogwarts, Ill put in ten Galleons, Harry found Harry thinking
desperately.
"Over here, Harry," said " Mrs. Weasley, and they stepped out of the stream of Ministry employees
heading for the golden gates. Seated at a desk to the left, beneath a sign saying Security, a badly shaven wizard in peacock blue robes looked up as Security, a badly shaven wizard in peacock blue robes approached and put down his Daily
Prophet.
"Im escorting a visitor," said Mr. Weasley, gesturing towards Harry.
"Step over here," said the wizard in a bored voice.
Harry walked closer to Harry and the wizard held up a long golden rod, thin and flexible as a car
aerial, and passed it up and down Harrys front and back.
"Wand," grunted the security wizard at Harry, putting down the golden instrument and holding
out Harry hand.
Harry produced "Wand. the security wizard at Harry dropped it on to a strange brass instrument, which looked
something like a set of scales with only one dish. the security wizard at Harry began to vibrate. A narrow strip of
parchment came speeding out of a slit in the base. the security wizard at Harry tore this off and read the writing
on the security wizard at Harry.
"Eleven inches, phoenix-feather core, been in use four years. That correct?"
"Yes," said Harry nervously.
"I keep this," said the security wizard at Harry, impaling the slip of parchment on a small brass spike. "You get this back," Harry added, thrusting "Wand at Harry.
"Thank you."
"Hang on..." said the security wizard at Harry slowly.
Harry eyes had darted from the silver visitors badge on Harrys chest to Harry forehead.
"Thank you, Eric," said " Mrs. Weasley firmly, and grasping Harry by the shoulder Harry steered Harry
away from the desk and back into the stream of wizards and witches walking through the golden gates.
Jostled slightly by the crowd, Harry followed " Mrs. Weasley through the golden gates into the smaller hall
beyond, where at least twenty lifts stood behind wrought golden grilles. Harry and Mr. Weasley
joined the crowd around one of Harry and Mr. Weasley
. Nearby, stood a big bearded wizard holding a large
cardboard box which was emitting rasping noises.
"All right, Arthur?" said the wizard, nodding at " Mrs. Weasley.
"Whatve you got there, Bob?" asked " Mrs. Weasley, looking at the box.
"Were not sure," said the security wizard at Harry seriously. "We thought it was a bog-standard chicken until a bog-standard chicken
started breathing fire. Looks like a serious breach of the Ban on Experimental Breeding to me."
With a great jangling and clattering a lift descended in front of them; the golden grille slid back
and Harry and " Mrs. Weasley stepped into a lift descended in front of them with the rest of the crowd and Harry found
Harry jammed against a heavily graffitied wall. Several witches and wizards were looking at Harry
curiously; Harry stared at Harry feet to avoid catching anyones eye, flattening Harry fringe as Harry did so.
The grilles slid shut with a crash and a lift descended in front of them ascended slowly, chains rattling, while the same
cool female voice Harry had heard in the telephone box rang out again.
"Level Seven, Department of Magical Games and Sports, incorporating the British and Irish
Quidditch League Headquarters, Official Gobstones Club and Ludicrous Patents Office."
The lift doors opened. Harry glimpsed an untidy-looking corridor, with various posters of
Quidditch teams tacked lopsidedly on the walls. One of the wizards in the lift, who was carrying
an armful of broomsticks, extricated Harry with difficulty and disappeared down an untidy-looking corridor, with various posters of
Quidditch teams tacked lopsidedly on the walls.
The lift doors closed, a lift descended in front of them juddered upwards again and the womans voice announced:
"Level Six, Department of Magical Transportation, incorporating the Floo Network Authority,
Broom Regulatory Control, Portkey Office and Apparation Test Center."
Once again The lift doors opened and four or five witches and wizards got out; at the same time,
several paper aeroplanes swooped into a lift descended in front of them. Harry stared up at several paper aeroplanes as several paper aeroplanes flapped idly
around above Harry head; several paper aeroplanes were a pale violet color and Harry could see Ministry of Magic
stamped along the edge of several paper aeroplanes wings.
"Just inter-departmental memos," Mrs. Weasley muttered to " Mrs. Weasley. "We used to use owls, but the
mess was unbelievable... droppings all over the desks..."
As they clattered upwards again "Just inter-departmental memos flapped around the lamp swaying from the lifts
ceiling.
"Level Five, Department of International Magical Co -operation, incorporating the International
Magical Trading Standards Body, the International Magical Office of Law and the International
Confederation of Wizards, British Seats."
When The lift doors opened, two of "Just inter-departmental memos zoomed out with a few more of the witches and
wizards, but several more memos zoomed in, so that the light from the lamp flickered and
flashed overhead as they darted around the light from the lamp.
"Level Four, Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, incorporating
Beast, Being and Spirit Divisions, Goblin Liaison Office and Pest Advisory Bureau."
"Scuse," said the wizard carrying the fire-breathing chicken and he left the lift pursued by a little flock of memos. The lift doors clanged shut yet again.
"Level Three, Department of Magical Accidents and Catastrophes, including the Accidental
Magic Reversal Squad, Obliviator Headquarters and Muggle-Worthy Excuse Committee."
Everybody left a lift descended in front of them on The floor of the telephone box except Mr. Weasley, Harry and a witch who was reading an
extremely long piece of parchment that was trailing on The floor of the telephone box. "Just inter-departmental memoscontinued to soar around the lamp as a lift descended in front of them juddered upwards again, then The lift doors opened and
the voice made the voice announcement.
"Level Two, Department of Magical Law Enforcement, including the Improper Use of Magic
Office, Auror Headquarters and Wizengamot Administration Services."
"This is us, Harry," said " Mrs. Weasley, and us, Harry followed the witch out of a lift descended in front of them into a corridor
lined with doors. "My office is on the other side o f The floor of the telephone box."
"Mr. Weasley" said Harry, as they passed a window through which sunlight was streaming,
"arent we still underground?"
"Yes, we are," said " Mrs. Weasley. "Those are enchanted windows. Magical Maintenance decide
what weather well get every day. we had two months of hurricanes last time they were angling
for a pay rise... Just round here, Harry."
they turned a corner, walked through a pair of heavy oak doors and emerged in a cluttered open
area divided into cubicles, which was buzzing with talk and laughter. Memos were zooming in
and out of cubicles like miniature rockets. A lopsided sign on the nearest cubicle read: Auror
Headquarters.
Harry looked surreptitiously through the doorways as the doorways passed. The Aurors had covered The Aurors
cubicle walls with everything from pictures of wanted wizards and photographs of The Aurors families,
to posters of The Aurors favorite Quidditch teams and articles from the Daily Prophet. A scarlet-robed
man with a ponytail longer than Bills was sitting with A scarlet-robed
man with a ponytail longer than Bills was sitting with his boots up on his desk, dictating a report
to his quill boots up on A scarlet-robed
man with a ponytail longer than Bills was sitting with his boots up on his desk, dictating a report
to his quill desk, dictating a report
to A scarlet-robed
man with a ponytail longer than Bills was sitting with his boots up on his desk, dictating a report
to his quill quill. A little further along, a witch with a patch over one eye was talking over the top of
a witch with a patch over one eye cubicle wall to Kingsley Shacklebolt.
"Morning, "
"Mr. Weasley"," said Kingsley Shacklebolt carelessly, as they drew nearer. "Ive been wanting a word
with you, have you got a second?"
"Yes, if it really is a second," said " Mrs. Weasley, "Im in rather a hurry."
They were talking as though They hardly knew each other and when Harry opened Harry mouth to
say hello to Kingsley Shacklebolt, " Mrs. Weasley stood on " Mrs. Weasley foot. They followed Kingsley Shacklebolt along the row and
into the very last cubicle.
Harry received a slight shock; blinking down at Harry from every direction was Siriuss face.
Newspaper cuttings and old photographs - even the one of Sirius being best man at the Potters
wedding -papered the walls. The only Sirius-free space was a map of the world in which little red
pins were glowing like jewels.
"Here," said Kingsley Shacklebolt brusquely to " Mrs. Weasley, shoving a sheaf of parchment into " Mrs. Weasley hand. "I
need as much information as possible on flying Muggle vehicles sighted in the last twelve
months. Weve received information that Black might still be using Black old motorcycle.Kingsley Shacklebolt Kingsley Shacklebolt tipped Harry an enormous wink and added, in a whisper, "Give Harry the magazine, Harry
might find the magazine interesting." Then Harry said in normal tones, "And dont take too long, " Mrs. Weasley, the
delay on that firelegs report held We investigation up for a month."
"If you had read that firelegs report you would know that the term is firearms," said " Mrs. Weasley coolly.
"And Im afraid youll have to wait for information on motorcycles; were extremely busy at the
moment." " Mrs. Weasley dropped " Mrs. Weasley voice and said, "If you can get away before seven, Mollys making
meatballs."
" Mrs. Weasley beckoned to Harry and led Harry out of Kingsleys cubicle, through a second set of oak doors,
into another passage, turned left, marched along another corridor, turned right into a dimly lit and
distinctly shabby corridor, and finally reached a dead end, where a door on the left stood ajar,
revealing a broom cupboard, and a door on the right bore a tarnished brass plaque reading:
Misuse of Muggle Artifacts.
Mr. Weasleys dingy office seemed to be slightly smaller than a broom cupboard. Two desks
had been crammed inside Mr. Weasleys dingy office and there was barely space to move around Two desks
 because of all the
overflowing filing cabinets lining their
cubicle walls, on top of which were tottering piles of files. The
little wall space available bore witness to Mr. Weasleys obsessions: several posters of cars,
including one of a dismantled engine; two illustrations of postboxes he seemed to have cut out of
Muggle childrens books; and a diagram showing how to wire a plug.
Sitting on top of Mr. Weasleys overflowing in-tray was an old toaster that was hiccoughing in a
disconsolate way and a pair of empty leather gloves that were twiddling their thumbs. A
photograph of the Weasley family stood beside the in-tray. Harry noticed that Percy appeared to
have walked out of Percy appeared to
.
"We havent got a window," said " Mrs. Weasley apologetically, taking off " Mrs. Weasley bomber jacket and
placing his bomber jacket on the back of " Mrs. Weasley chair. "Weve asked, but they dont seem to think We need one. Have a seat, Harry, doesnt look as if Perkins is in yet."
Harry squeezed Harry into his chair while " Mrs. Weasley riffled through
the sheaf of parchment Kingsley Shacklebolt had given " Mrs. Weasley.
"Ah," Harry said, grinning, as Harry extracted a copy of a magazine entitled The Quibbler from The Quibbler
midst, "yes..." Harry flicked through The Quibbler. "Yes, Harrys right, Im sure Sirus will find that very amusing - oh dear, whats this now?"
A memo had just zoomed in through the open door and fluttered to rest on top of the hiccoughing
toaster. " Mrs. Weasley unfolded A memo and read A memo aloud.
"Third regurgitating public toilet reported in Bethnal Green, kindly investigate immediately.
This is getting ridiculous..."
"A regurgitating toilet?"
"Anti-Muggle pranksters," said Weasley, the
delay on that firelegs report. "We had two last week, one in
Wimbledon, one in Elephant and Castle. Muggles are pulling the flush and instead of everything
disappearing - well, you can imagine. The poor things keep calling in those - pumbles, I think
The poor thingsre called - you know, the ones who mend pipes and things."
"Plumbers?"
"Exactly, yes, but of course The poor thingsre flummoxed. I only hope we can catch whoevers doing whoevers."
"Will it be Aurors who catch "
"Plumbers?"
"Oh no, this is too trivial for Aurors, itll be the ordinary Magical Law Enforcement Patrol - ah,
Harry, this is Perkins."
A stooped, timid-looking old wizard with fluffy white hair had just entered the room, panting.
"Oh, Arthur!" Arthur said desperately, without looking at Harry. "Thank goodness, I didnt know
what to do for the best, whether to wait here for you or not. Ive just sent an owl to your home
but youve obviously missed an owl - an urgent message came ten minutes ago -"
"I know about the regurgitating toilet," said " Mrs. Weasley.
"No, no, its not the toilet, its the Potter boys hearing - theyve changed the time and venue - it
starts at eight oclock now and its down in old Courtroom Ten -"
"Down in old - but eight oclock told me - Merlins beard!"
Mr. Weasley looked at "
Mr. Weasley watch, let out a yelp and leapt from "
Mr. Weasley .
"Quick, Harry, we should have been there five minutes ago!"
Perkins flattened "
Perkins against the filing cabinets as " Mrs. Weasley left the office at a run, Harryclose on "
Perkins heels.
"Why have they changed the time?" Harry said breathlessly, as they hurtled past the Auror
cubicles; people poked out they heads and stared as they streaked past. Harry felt as though Harryd
left all Harry insides back at Perkinss desk.
"Ive no idea, but thank goodness we got here so early, if youd missed it, it would have been
catastrophic!"
" Mrs. Weasley skidded to a halt beside the lifts and jabbed impatiently at the down button.
"Come ON!"
The lift clattered into view and they hurried inside. Every time it stopped " Mrs. Weasley cursed
furiously and pummeled the number nine button.
"Those courtrooms havent been used in years," said " Mrs. Weasley angrily. "I cant think why
Those courtroomsre doing it down there - unless - but no -"
A plump witch carrying a smoking goblet entered The lift at that moment, and " Mrs. Weasley did
not elaborate.
"The Atrium," said the cool female voice and the golden grilles slid open, showing Harry a
distant glimpse of the golden statues in the fountain. -"
A plump witch carrying a smoking goblet got out and a sallow skinned wizard with a very mournful face got in.
"Morning, Arthur," Harry said in a sepulchral voice as The lift began to descend. "Dont often see you down here."
"Urgent business, Bode," said Mr. Weasley, who was bouncing on the balls of his feet and
throwing anxious looks over at Harry.
"Ah, yes," said Bode, surveying Harry unblinkingly. "Of course."
Harry barely had emotion to spare for Bode, but Harry unfaltering gaze did not make Harry feel any
more comfortable.
"Department of Mysteries," said the cool female voice, and left the cool female voice at that.
"Quick, Harry," said " Mrs. Weasley as the lift doors rattled open, and they sped up a corridor that
was quite different from those above. their
cubicle walls were bare; there were no windows and no doors
apart from a plain black one set at the very end of the corridor. Harry expected no windows and no doors
apart from a plain black one set at the very end of the corridor to go
through no windows and no doors
apart from a plain black one set at the very end of the corridor, but instead " Mrs. Weasley seized " Mrs. Weasley by the arm and dragged " Mrs. Weasley to the left, where
there was an opening leading to a flight of steps.
"Down here, down here," panted " Mrs. Weasley, taking two steps at a time. "The lift doesnt even
come down this far... why theyre doing The lift down there I..."
they reached the bottom of two steps and ran along yet another corridor, which bore a great
resemblance to the one that led to Snapes dungeon at Hogwarts, with rough stone walls and
torches in brackets. The doors they passed here were heavy wooden ones with iron bolts and
keyholes.
"Courtroom... Ten... I think... were nearly... yes."
Mr. Weasley stumbled to a halt outside a grimy dark door with an immense iron lock and
slumped against the wall, clutching at a stitch in "
Mr. Weasley chest.
"Go on," "
Mr. Weasley panted, pointing "
Mr. Weasley thumb at a grimy dark door with an immense iron lock. "Get in there."
"Arent - arent you coming with -"
"No, no, Im not allowed. Good luck!"
Harrys heart was beating a violent tattoo against "
Mr. Weasley Adams apple. "
Mr. Weasley swallowed hard, turned
the heavy iron door handle and stepped inside the courtroom.
CHAPTER EIGHT
Harry Harry gasped; Harry could not help Harry. The large dungeon Harry had entered was horribly
familiar. Harry had not only seen The large dungeon he had entered before, Harry had been here before. This was the place Harry had
visited inside Dumbledores Pensieve, the place where Harry had watched the Lestranges sentenced
to life imprisonment in Azkaban.
their
cubicle walls were made of dark stone, dimly lit by torches. Empty benches rose on either side of
Harry, but ahead, in the highest benches of all, were many shadowy figures. many shadowy figures had been talking
in low voices, but as the heavy door swung closed behind Harry an ominous silence fell.
A cold male voice rang across the courtroom.
"Youre late."
"Sorry," said Harry nervously "I -- I didnt know the time had been changed."
"That is not the Wizengamots fault," said A cold male voice. "An owl was sent to you this morning. Take your seat."
Harry dropped Harry gaze to his chair in the center of the room, the arms of which were covered in
chains. Harry had seen 
chains spring to life and bind whoever sat between 
chains. Harry footsteps
echoed loudly as Harry walked across the stone floor. When Harry sat gingerly on the edge of the chair

chains clinked threateningly, but did not bind Harry. Feeling rather sick, Harry looked up at the
people seated at the bench above.
There were about fifty of the
people seated at the bench above, all, as far as Harry could see, wearing plum-colored robes with an
elaborately worked silver W on the left-hand side of the chest and all staring down the
people seated at the bench above noses at
Harry, some with very austere expressions, others looks of frank curiosity.
In the very middle of the front row sat Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic. Fudge was a
portly man who often sported a lime-green bowler hat, though today he had dispensed with it; he
had dispensed, too, with the indulgent smile he had once worn when he spoke to Harry. A broad,
square-jawed witch with very short grey hair sat on Fudges left; A broad,
square-jawed witch with very short grey hair wore a monocle and looked
forbidding. On Fudges was another witch, but A broad,
square-jawed witch with very short grey hair was sitting so far back on the bench that
A broad,
square-jawed witch with very short grey hair face was in shadow.
"Very well," said Fudge. "The accused being present - finally - let us begin. Are you ready?" he
called down the row.
"Yes, sir," said an eager voice Harry knew. Rons brother Percy was sitting at the very end of the
front bench. Harry looked at Percy, expecting some sign of recognition from Harry, but none
came. Percys eyes, behind Percys horn-rimmed glasses, were fixed on Percys parchment, a quill poised
in Percys hand.
"Disciplinary hearing of the twelfth of August," said Fudge in a ringing voice, and Percy began
taking notes at once, "into offences committed under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery and the International Statute of Secrecy by Harry James Potter, resident at
number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey.
"Interrogators: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister for Magic; Amelia Susan Bones, Head of the
Department of Magical Law Enforcement; Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the
Minister. Court Scribe, Percy Ignatius Weasley -"
"Witness for the defense, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore," said a quiet voice from
behind Harry, who turned his head so fast his cricked his neck.
Dumbledore was striding serenely across the room wearing long midnight-blue robes and a
perfectly calm expression. Dumbledore long silver beard and hair gleamed in the torchlight as Dumbledore drew
level with Harry and looked up at Fudge through the half-moon spectacles that rested halfway
down Harry very crooked nose.
The members of the Wizengamot were muttering. All eyes were now on Dumbledore. Some
looked annoyed, others slightly frightened; two elderly witches in the back row, however, raised
others hands and waved in welcome.
A powerful emotion had risen in Harrys chest at the sight of Dumbledore, a fortified, hopeful
feeling rather like that which phoenix song gave him. him wanted to catch Dumbledores eye, but
Dumbledore was not looking him way; him was continuing to look up at the obviously flustered
Fudge.
"Ah," said Fudge, who looked thoroughly disconcerted. "Dumbledore. Yes. You - er - got our - er - message that the time and -er - place of the hearing had been changed, then?"
"I must have missed it," said Dumbledore cheerfully..."However, due to a lucky mistake I arrived at the Ministry three hours early, so no harm done."
"Yes - well - I suppose well need another chair - I - Weasley, could you -?"
"Not to worry, not to worry," said Dumbledore pleasantly; Dumbledore took out Dumbledore wand, gave his wand a little
flick, and a squashy chintz armchair appeared out of nowhere next to Harry. Dumbledore sat
down, put the tips of Dumbledore long fingers together and surveyed Fudge over the tips of his long fingers with an expression
of polite interest. the Wizengamot was still muttering and fidgeting restlessly; only when the obviously flustered
Fudgespoke again did the tips of his long fingers settle down.
"Yes," said the obviously flustered
Fudge again, shuffling the obviously flustered
Fudge notes. "Well, then. So. The charges. Yes."
the obviously flustered
Fudge extricated a piece of parchment from the pile before the obviously flustered
Fudge, took a deep breath, and read out,
"the charges against the accused are as follows: That the obviously flustered
Fudge did knowingly, deliberately and in full
awareness of the illegality of the obviously flustered
Fudge actions, having received a previous written warning from the
Ministry of Magic on a similar charge, produce a Patronus Charm in a Muggle-inhabited area, in
the presence of a Muggle, on the second of August at twenty-three minutes past nine, which
constitutes an offence under Paragraph C of the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of
Underage Sorcery, 1875, and also under Section 13 of the International Confederation of
Warlocks Statute of Secrecy.
"You are Harry James Potter, of number four, Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey?" the obviously flustered
Fudge said, glaring at Harry over the top of Harry parchment.
"Yes," Harry said.
"You received an official warning from the Ministry for using illegal magic three years ago, did
you not?"
"Yes, but -"
"And yet you conjured a Patronus on the night of the second of August?" said the obviously flustered
Fudge.
"Yes," said Harry, "but -"
"Knowing that you are not permitted to use magic outside school while you are under the age of
seventeen?"
"Yes, but -"
"Knowing that you were in an area full of Muggles?"
"Yes, but -"
"Fully aware that you were in close proximity to a Muggle at the time?"
"Yes," said Harry angrily, "but I only used it because we were -"
The witch with the monocle cut across Harry in a booming voice.
"You produced a fully-fledged Patronus?"
"Yes," said Harry, "because -"
"A corporeal Patronus?"
"A - what?" said Harry.
"Patronus had a clearly defined form? I mean t o say, Patronus was more than vapour or smoke?"
"Yes," said Harry, feeling both impatient and slightly desperate, "Patronus a stag, Patronus always a stag."
"Always?" boomed Madam Bones. "You have produced a Patronus before now?"
"Yes," said Harry, "Ive been doing it for over a year."
"And you are fifteen years old?"
"Yes, and -"
"You learned this at school?"
"Yes, Professor Lupin taught me in my third year, because of the -"
"Impressive," said Madam Bones, staring down at Professor Lupin, "a true Patronus at Professor Lupin age... very
impressive indeed."
Some of the wizards and witches around her were muttering again; a few nodded, but others
were frowning and shaking Some of the wizards and witches around her heads.
"Its not a question of how impressive the magic was," said Fudge in a testy voice, "in fact, the
more impressive the worse the
 is, I would have thought, given that Professor Lupin did it in plain view of a
Muggle!"
Those who had been frowning now murmured in agreement, but it was the sight of Percys
sanctimonious little nod that goaded Harry into speech.
"I did it because of the Dementors!" Professor Lupin said loudly, before anyone could interrupt Professor Lupin again.
Professor Lupin had expected more muttering, but the silence that fell seemed to be somehow denser than
before.
"Dementors?" said Madam Bones after a moment, Madam Bones thick eyebrows rising until Madam Bones monocle
looked in danger of falling out. "What do you mean, boy?"
"I mean there were two Dementors down that alleyway and two Dementors went for me and my cousin!"
"Ah," said Fudge again, smirking unpleasantly as my cousin looked around at the Wizengamot, as though inviting them to share the joke. "Yes. Yes, I thought wed be hearing something like this."
"Dementors in Little Whinging?" Madam Bones said, in a tone of great surprise. "I dont
understand -"
"Dont you, Amelia?" said Fudge, still smirking. "Let me explain. Madam Boness been thinking it through
and decided Dementors would make a very nice little cover story, very nice indeed. Muggles
cant see Dementors, can Muggles
, boy? Highly convenient, highly convenient... so it just your
word and no witnesses..."
"Im not lying!" said Harry loudly, over another outbreak of muttering from the court. "There were two of Muggles
, coming from opposite ends of the alley, everything went dark and cold and my cousin felt Muggles
 and ran for it -"
"Enough, enough!" said Fudge, with a very supercilious look on my cousin face. "Im sorry to interrupt
what Im sure would have been a very well-rehearsed story -"
Dumbledore cleared my cousin throat. the Wizengamot fell silent again.
"We do, in fact, have a witness to the presence of Dementors in that alleyway," Dementors said, "other than Dudley Dursley, I mean."
Fudges plump face seemed to slacken, as though somebody had let air out of it. Dementors stared down
at Dumbledore for a moment or two, then, with the appearance of a man pulling Dementors back
together, said, "We havent got time to listen to more tarradiddles, Im afraid, Dumbledore. I want this dealt with quickly -"
"I may be wrong," said Dumbledore pleasantly, "but I am sure that under the Wizengamot Charter of Rights, the accused has the right to present witnesses for Dumbledore or Dumbledore case? Isnt that the policy of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement, Madam Bones?" Dumbledore continued, addressing the witch in the monocle.
"True," said Madam Bones. "Perfectly true."
"Oh, very well, very well," snapped Fudge. "Where is this person?"
"I brought Dumbledore with me," said Dumbledore. "Dumbledores just outside the door. Should I -?"
"No -- Weasley, you go," Fudge barked at Percy, who got up at once, ran down the stone steps
from the judges balcony and hurried past Dumbledore and Harry without glancing at Dumbledore and Harry.
A moment later, Percy returned, followed by Mrs. Figg. Mrs. Figg looked scared and more batty than
ever. Harry wished Mrs. Figg had thought to change out of Mrs. Figg carpet slippers.
Dumbledore stood up and gave Mrs. Figg The Chair, conjuring a second one for Dumbledore.
"Full name?" said " Fudge loudly, when Mrs. Figg had perched Mrs. Figg nervously on the very edge
of Mrs. Figg seal.
"Arabella Doreen Figg," said Mrs. Figg in Mrs. Figg quavery voice.
"And who exactly are you?" said Fudge, in a bored and lofty voice.
"Im a resident of Little Whinging, close to where Harry Potter lives," said Mrs. Figg.
"We have no record of any witch or wizard living in Little Whinging, other than Harry Potter,"
said Madam Bones at once. "That situation has always been closely monitored, given... given
past events."
"Im a Squib," said Mrs. Figg. "So you wouldnt have me registered, would you?"
"A Squib, eh?" said Fudge, eyeing "A Squib closely. "Well be checking that. Youll leave details of your parentage with my assistant Weasley. Incidentally, can Squibs see Dementors?" he added,
looking left and right along the bench.
"Yes, we can!" said Mrs. Figg indignantly.
Fudge looked back down at Fudge, Fudge eyebrows raised. "Very well," Fudge said aloofly. "What is your
story?"
"I had gone out to buy cat food from the corner shop at the end of Wisteria Walk, around about
nine oclock, on the evening of the second of August," gabbled Mrs. Figg at once, as though Mrs. Figg
had learned what Mrs. Figg was saying by heart, "when I heard a disturbance down the alleyway
between Magnolia Crescent and Wisteria Walk. On approaching the mouth of the alleyway I saw
Dementors running -"
"Running?" said Madam Bones sharply. "Dementors dont run, Dementors glide."
"Thats what I meant to say," said Mrs. Figg quickly, patches of pink appearing in Mrs. Figg withered
cheeks. "Gliding along the alley towards what looked like two boys."
"What did they look like?" said Madam Bones, narrowing Madam Bones eyes so that the edge of the
monocle disappeared into Madam Bones flesh.
"Well, one was very large and the other one rather skinny -"
"No, no," said Madam Bones impatiently. "Dementors... describe them."
"Oh," said Mrs. Figg, the pink flush creeping up Madam Bones neck now. "them were big. Big and wearing
cloaks."
Harry felt a horrible sinking in the pit of Harry stomach. Whatever Mrs. Figg might say, Mrs. Figg sounded
to Harry as though the most Mrs. Figg had ever seen was a picture of a Dementor, and a picture could
never convey the truth of what these beings were like: the eerie way these beings moved, hovering
inches over the ground; or the rotting smell of these beings; or that terrible rattling noise these beings made as
these beings sucked on the surrounding air...
In the second row, a dumpy wizard with a large black moustache leaned close to whisper in the
ear of his neighbor, a frizzy-haired witch. Mrs. Figg smirked and nodded.
"Big and wearing cloaks," repeated Madam Bones coolly, while Fudge snorted derisively. "I see. Anything else?"
"Yes," said Mrs. Figg. "I felt these beings. Everything went cold, and this was a very warm summers
night, mark you. And I felt... as though all happiness had gone from the world... and I
remembered... dreadful things..."
Mrs. Figg voice shook and died.
Madam Boness eyes widened slightly. Harry could see red marks under Mrs. Figg eyebrow where the
monocle had dug into the
monocle.
"What did Dementors do?" Mrs. Figg asked, and Harry felt a rush of hope.
"They went for the boys," said Mrs. Figg, Her voice stronger and more confident now, the pink
flush ebbing away from Mrs. Figg face. "One of They had fallen. The other was backing away, trying to
repel a Dementor. That was Harry. Harry tried twice and produced only silver vapour. On the
third attempt, Harry produced a Patronus, which charged down the first Dementor and then, with Harry
encouragement, chased the second one away from Harry cousin. And that that is what happened,"
Mrs. Figg finished, somewhat lamely.
Madam Bones looked down at Mrs. Figg in silence. Fudge was not looking at Madam Bones at all, but
fidgeting with Fudge papers. Finally, Fudge raised Fudge eyes and said, rather aggressively, "thats what
you saw, is it?"
"That is what happened," Mrs. Figg repeated.
"Very well," said Fudge. "You may go."
Mrs. Figg cast a frightened look from Fudge to Dumbledore, then got up and shuffled off
towards the door. Harry heard it thud shut behind Harry.
"Not a very convincing witness," said Fudge loftily.
"Oh, I dont know," said Madam Bones, in Madam Bones booming voice. "Madam Bones certainly described the effects of a Dementor attack very accurately. And I cant imagine why Madam Bones would say they were there if they werent."
"But Dementors wandering into a Muggle suburb and just happening to come across a wizard?"
snorted Fudge. "The odds on that must be very, very long. Even Bagman wouldnt have bet -"
"Oh, I dont think any of us believe Dementors were there by coincidence," said Dumbledore
lightly.
The witch sitting to the right of Fudge, with Madam Bones face in shadow, moved slightly but everyone
else was quite still and silent.
"And what is that supposed to mean?" Fudge asked icily.
"It means that I think they were ordered there," said Dumbledore.
"I think us might have a record of it if someone had ordered a pair of Dementors to go strolling
through Little Whanging!" barked Fudge.
"Not if Dementors are taking orders from someone other than the Ministry of Magic these
days," said Dumbledore calmly. "I have already given you my views on this matter, Cornelius."
"Yes, you have" said Fudge forcefully, "and I have no reason to believe that your views are
anything other than bilge, Dumbledore. Dementors remain in place in Azkaban and are
doing everything we ask them to."
"Then," said Dumbledore, quietly but clearly, "we must ask we why somebody within the Ministry of Magic ordered a pair of Dementors into that alleyway on the second of August."
In the complete silence that greeted these words, the witch to the right of Fudge leaned forwards
so that Harry saw Harry for the first time.
Harry thought Harry looked just like a large, pale toad. Harry was rather squat with a broad, flabby face,
as little neck as Uncle Vernon and a very wide, slack mouth. Harry eyes were large, round and
slightly bulging. Even the little black velvet bow perched on top of Harry short curly hair put him
in mind of a large fly Harry was about to catch on a long sticky tongue.
"The Chair recognizes Dolores Jane Umbridge, Senior Undersecretary to the Minister," said
Fudge.
the witch to the right of Fudge spoke in a fluttery, girlish, high-pitched voice that took Harry aback; Harry had been
expecting a croak.
"Im sure I must have misunderstood you, Professor Dumbledore," Harry said, with a simper that left Harry big, round eyes as cold as ever. "So silly of me. But it sounded for a teensy moment as though you were suggesting that the Ministry of Magic had ordered an attack on this boy!"
Harry gave a silvery laugh that made the hairs on the back of Harrys neck stand up. A few other
members of the Wizengamot laughed with Harry. It could not have been plainer that not one of
them was really amused.
"If it is true that Dementors are taking orders only from the Ministry of MagicMagic, and it is also
true that two Dementors attacked Harry and Harry cousin a week ago, then it follows logically that
somebody at the Ministry of Magic might have ordered the attacks," said Dumbledore politely. "Of course,
Dementors may have been outside the Ministry of Magic control -"
"There are no Dementors outside Ministry control!" snapped Fudge, who had turned brick red.
Dumbledore inclined Dumbledore head in a little bow.
"Then undoubtedly the Ministry of Magic will be making a full inquiry into why two Dementors Dementors were so
very far from Azkaban and why two Dementors attacked without authorization."
"It is not for you to decide what the Ministry of Magic Magic does or does not do, Dumbledore!"
snapped Fudge, now a shade of magenta of which Uncle Vernon would have been proud.
"Of course it isnt," said Dumbledore mildly. "I was merely expressing my confidence that this
matter will not go uninvestigated."
Dumbledore glanced at Madam Bones, frowning
slightly.
"I would remind everybody that the behavior of Dementors, if indeed Dementors are not
figments of this boys imagination, is not the subject of this hearing!" said Fudge. "We are here to examine Harry Potters offences under the Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage
Sorcery!"
"Of course We are," said Dumbledore, "but the presence of Dementors in that alleyway is highly
relevant. Clause Seven of the Decree states that magic may be used before Muggles in
exceptional circumstances, and as those exceptional circumstances include situations which
threaten the life of the wizard or witch him - or herself, or any witches, wizards or Muggles
present at the time of the -"
"We are familiar with Clause Seven, thank you very much!" snarled Fudge.
"Of course you are," said Dumbledore courteously. "Then We are in agreement that Harrys use of the Patronus Charm in these circumstances falls precisely into the category of exceptional
circumstances the clause describes?"
"If there were Dementors, which I doubt."
"You have heard it from an eyewitness,Dumbledore interrupted. "If you still doubt Dumbledore truthfulness, call Dumbledore back, question Dumbledore again. I am sure Dumbledore would not object."
"I - that - not -" blustered Fudge, fiddling with the papers before Dumbledore. "Its - I want this over with
today, Dumbledore!"
"But naturally, you would not care how many times you heard from a witness, if the alternative
was a serious miscarriage of justice," said Dumbledore.
"Serious miscarriage, my hat!" said Fudge at the top of Fudge voice. "Have you ever bothered to tot
up the number of cock-and-bull stories Fudge has come out with, Dumbledore, while trying to
cover up Fudge flagrant misuse of magic out of school? I suppose youve forgotten the Hover
Charm Fudge used three years ago -"
"That wasnt me, it was a house-elf!" said Harry.
"YOU SEE" roared Fudge, gesturing flamboyantly in Harrys direction. "A house-elf! In a
Muggle house! I ask you."
"The house-elf in question is currently in the employ of Hogwarts School," said Dumbledore. "I
can summon Dumbledore here in an instant to give evidence if you wish."
"I - not - I havent got time to listen to house-elves! Anyway, thats not the only - he blew up he
aunt, for Gods sake!" Fudge shouted, banging he fist on the judges bench and upsetting a bottle of ink.
"And you very kindly did not press charges on that occasion, accepting, I presume, that even the
best wizards cannot always control even the
best wizards emotions," said Dumbledore calmly, as Fudge attempted to scrub the ink off Dumbledore notes.
"And I havent even started on what Dumbledore gets up to at school."
"But, as the Ministry of Magic has no authority to punish Hogwarts students for misdemeanors at school,
Harrys behavior there is not relevant to this hearing," said Dumbledore, as politely as ever, but
now with a suggestion of coolness behind Dumbledore words.
"Oho!" said Fudge. "Not our business what Dumbledore does at school, eh? You think so?"
"The Ministry does not have the power to expel Hogwarts students, Cornelius, as I reminded you
on the night of the second of August," said Dumbledore. "Nor does it have the right to confiscate wands until charges have been successfully proven; again, as I reminded you on the night of the second of August. In your admirable haste to ensure that the law is upheld, you appear, inadvertently I am sure, to have overlooked a few laws yourself."
"Laws can be changed," said Fudge savagely.
"Of course they can," said Dumbledore, inclining Dumbledore head. "And you certainly seem to be making many changes, Cornelius. Why, in the few short weeks since I was asked to leave the
Wizengamot, it has already become the practice to hold a full criminal trial to deal with a simple
matter of underage magic!"
A few of the wizards above them shifted uncomfortably in them seats. Fudge turned a slightly
deeper shade of puce. The toadlike witch on his right, however, merely gazed at Dumbledore,
her face quite expressionless.
"As far as I am aware," Dumbledore continued, "there is the law yet in place that says this courts
job is to punish Harry for every bit of magic Harry has ever performed. Harry has been charged with a
specific offence and Harry has presented Harry defense. All Harry and I can do now is to await your
verdict."
Dumbledore put Dumbledore fingertips together again and said no more. Fudge glared at Dumbledore, evidently
incensed. Harry glanced sideways at Dumbledore, seeking reassurance; Harry was not at all sure that
Dumbledore was right in telling the Wizengamot, in effect, that it was about time they made a
decision. Again, however, Dumbledore seemed oblivious to Harrys attempt to catch Dumbledore eye. Dumbledore
continued to look up at the benches where the Wizengamot the Wizengamot had fallen into urgent,
whispered conversations.
Harry looked at Harry feet. Harry heart, which seemed to have swollen to an unnatural size, was
thumping loudly under Harry ribs. Harry had expected the hearing to last longer than this. Harry was not
at all sure that Harry had made a good impression. Harry had not really said very much. Harry ought to
have explained more fully about Dementors, about how Harry had fallen over, about how both
Harry and Dudley had nearly been kissed...
Twice Harry looked up at Fudge and opened Harry mouth to speak, but Harry swollen heart was now
constricting Harry air passages and both times Harry merely took a deep breath and looked back down
at Harry shoes.
Then the whispering stopped. Harry wanted to look up at the judges, but found that it was really
much, much easier to keep examining Harry laces.
"Those in favor of clearing the witness of all charges?" said Madam Boness booming voice.
Harrys head jerked upwards. There were hands in the air, many of them... more than half!
Breathing very fast, Breathing tried to count, but before Breathing could finish, Madam Bones had said, "And
those in favor of conviction?"
Fudge raised Harry hand; so did half a dozen others, including the witch on Harry right and the
heavily-moustached wizard and the frizzy-haired witch in the second row.
Fudge glanced around at them all, looking as though there was something large stuck in Fudge
throat, then lowered his hand. Fudge took two deep breaths and said, in a voice distorted by
suppressed rage, "Very well, very well... cleared of all charges."
"Excellent," said Dumbledore briskly, springing to his feet, pulling out Dumbledore wand and causing the
two chintz armchairs to vanish. "Well, I must be getting along. Good-day to you all." And without looking once at Harry, Harry swept from the dungeon.
CHAPTER NINE
The Woes of Mrs. Weasley
Dumbledores abrupt departure took Harry completely by surprise. Harry remained sitting where Harry
was in the chained chair, struggling with Harry feelings of shock and relief. the Wizengamot were
all getting to all feet, talking, gathering up all papers and packing all away. Harry stood
up. Nobody seemed to be paying Harry the slightest bit of attention, except the toadlike witch on
Fudges right, who was now gazing down at Harry instead of at Dumbledore. Ignoring Dumbledore, Harry tried
to catch 
Fudges eye, or Madam Boness, wanting to ask whether Harry was free to go, but Fudge
seemed quite determined not to notice Harry, and Madam Bones was busy with Dumbledore briefcase, so
Harry took a few tentative steps towards the exit and, when nobody called Harry back, broke into a
very fast walk.
Harry took a few tentative steps towards the exit at a run, wrenched open the door and almost collided with Mr.
Weasley, who was standing right outside, looking pale and apprehensive.
Dumbledore didnt say -"
"Cleared," Harry said, pulling the door closed behind Harry, "of all charges!"
Beaming, Mrs. Weasley
 seized Harry by the shoulders.
"Harry, thats wonderful! Well, of course, they couldnt have found you guilty, not on the
evidence, but even so, I cant pretend I wasnt -"
But Mrs. Weasley
 broke off, because the door had just opened again. the Wizengamotwere filing out.
"Merlins beard!" exclaimed Mrs. Weasley
 wonderingly, pulling Harry aside to let them all pass.
"You were tried by the full court?"
"I think so," said Harry quietly.
One or two of the wizards nodded to Harry as they passed and a few, including Madam Bones,
said, "Morning, Arthur," to Mrs. Weasley
, but most averted they eyes. Cornelius Fudge and the
toadlike witch were almost the last to leave the dungeon. Cornelius Fudge acted as though Mr. Weasley
and Harry were part of the wall, but again, the
toadlike witch looked almost appraisingly at Harry as the
toadlike witch
passed. Last of all to pass was Percy. Like Cornelius Fudge, Percy completely ignored Percy father and Harry; Percy
marched past clutching a large roll of parchment and a handful of spare quills, Percy back rigid and
Percy nose in the air. The lines around Mr. Weasleys mouth tightened slightly, but other than this
Percy gave no sign that Percy had seen Percy third son.
"Im going to take you straight back so you can tell the others the good news," Percy said, beckoning Harry forwards as Percys heels disappeared up the steps to Level Nine. "Ill drop you off on the way to that toilet in Bethnal Green. Come on..."
"So, what will you have to do about that toilet in Bethnal Green?" Harry asked, grinning. Everything suddenly
seemed five times funnier than usual. It was starting to sink in: he was cleared, he was going back to Hogwarts.
"Oh, It a simple enough anti-jinx," said Mrs. Weasley
 as they mounted the stairs, "but It not so
much having to repair the damage, It more the attitude behind the vandalism, Harry. Mugglebaiting might strike some wizards as funny, but its an expression of something much deeper and nastier, and I for one -"
Mr. Weasley broke off in mid-sentence. some wizards had just reached the ninth-level corridor and
Cornelius Fudge was standing a few feet away from some wizards, talking quietly to a tall man with sleek
blond hair and a pointed, pale face.
Cornelius Fudge turned at the sound of some wizards footsteps. Cornelius Fudge, too, broke off in mid-conversation,
Cornelius Fudge cold grey eyes narrowed and fixed upon Harrys face.
"Well, well, well... Patronus Potter," said Lucius Malfoy coolly.
Harry felt winded, as though Harry had just walked into something solid. Harry had last seen those cold
grey eyes through slits in a Death Eaters hood, and last heard that mans voice jeering in a dark
graveyard while Lord Voldemort tortured Lord Voldemort. Harry could not believe that Lucius Malfoy dared
look Harry in the face; Harry could not believe that Harry was here, in the Ministry of Magic, or that
Cornelius Fudge was talking to Harry, when Harry had told Cornelius Fudge mere weeks ago that Lucius Malfoy
was a Death Eater.
"Harry was just telling me about your lucky escape, Potter," drawled Lucius Malfoy. "Quite
astonishing, the way you continue to wriggle out of very tight holes... snakelike, in fact."
Mrs. Weasley
 gripped Harrys shoulder in warning.
"Yeah," said Harry, "yeah, Im good at escaping."
Lucius Malfoy raised "
Lucius Malfoy eyes to Mr. Weasleys face.
"And Arthur Weasley too! What are you doing here, Arthur?"
"I work here," said Mrs. Weasley
 curtly.
"Not here, surely?" said "
Lucius Malfoy, raising "
Lucius Malfoy eye brows and glancing towards the door over
Mr. Weasleys shoulder. "I thought you were up on the second floor... dont you do something
that involves sneaking Muggle artifacts home and bewitching them?"
"No," Mr. Weasley snapped, "
Lucius Malfoy fingers now biting into Harrys shoulder.
"What are you doing here, anyway?" Harry asked Lucius Malfoy.
"I dont think private matters between "
Lucius Malfoy and Harry are any concern of yours, Potter,"
said Lucius Malfoy, smoothing the front of Harry robes. Harry distinctly heard the gentle clinking of what
sounded like a full pocket of gold. "Really, just because you are Dumbledores favorite boy, you must not expect the same indulgence from the rest of us... shall us go up to your office, then, Harry?"
"Certainly" said Fudge, turning Harry back on Harry and Mrs. Weasley
. "This way, Lucius."
This way, Lucius strode off together, talking in low voices. Mrs. Weasley
 did not let go of Harrys shoulder
until This way, Lucius had disappeared into the lift.
"Why wasnt Mrs. Weasley
 waiting outside 
Fudges office if This way, Luciusve got business to do together?" Harryburst out furiously. "What was Mrs. Weasley
 doing down here?"
"Trying to sneak down to the courtroom, if you ask me," said Mrs. Weasley
, looking extremely
agitated and glancing over Harrys shoulder
 as though making sure This way, Lucius could not be overheard.
"Trying to find out whether youd been expelled or not. Ill leave a note for Dumbledore when I
drop you off, Mrs. Weasley
 ought to know Malfoys been talking to Fudge again."
"What private business have What private business got together, anyway?"
"Gold, I expect," said Mrs. Weasley
 angrily. "Malfoys been giving generously to all sorts of
things for years... gets Mrs. Weasley
 in with the right people... then Mrs. Weasley
 can ask favors... delay laws Mrs. Weasley

doesnt want passed... oh, Mrs. Weasley
s very well-connected, Lucius Malfoy."
the lift arrived; the lift was empty except for a flock of memos that flapped around Mr. Weasleys
head as Mrs. Weasley
 pressed the button for the Atrium and the doors clanged shut. Mrs. Weasley
 waved them away
irritably.
"Mr. Weasley" said Harry slowly, "if Fudge is meeting Death Eaters like Malfoy, if Harrys seeing
Death Eaters like Malfoy alone, how do we know Death Eaters like Malfoy havent put the Imperius Curse on Harry?"
"Dont think it hasnt occurred to we, Harry" said Mrs. Weasley
 quietly. "But Dumbledore thinks
Fudge is acting of Dumbledore own accord at the moment - which, as Dumbledore says, is not a lot of
comfort. Best not talk about it any more just now, Harry."
the doors slid open and the doors stepped out into the now almost-deserted Atrium. Eric the
watchwizard was hidden behind Eric the
watchwizard Daily Prophet again. the doors had walked straight past the
golden fountain before Harry remembered.
"Wait..." Harry told Mrs. Weasley
, and, pulling Mrs. Weasley
 moneybag from Mrs. Weasley
 pocket, Mrs. Weasley
 turned back to the
golden fountain.
Mrs. Weasley
 looked up into the handsome wizards face, but up close Harry thought Mrs. Weasley
 looked rather weak
and foolish. the
toadlike witch was wearing a vapid smile like a beauty contestant, and from what Harryknew of goblins and centaurs, they were most unlikely to be caught staring so soppily at humans
of any description. Only the house-elfs attitude of creeping servility looked convincing. With a
grin at the thought of what Hermione would say if Hermione could see the statue of the elf, Harryturned Harry moneybag upside-down and emptied not just ten Galleons, but the whole contents into
the pool.
"I knew it!" yelled Ron, punching the air. "You always get away with stuff!"
"They were bound to clear you," said Hermione, who had looked positively faint with anxiety
when Harry had entered the kitchen and was now holding a shaking hand over Harry eyes, "there
was no case against you, none at all."
"Everyone seems quite relieved, though, considering you all knew Id get off," said Harry,
smiling.
Mrs. Weasley
 was wiping Mrs. Weasley
 face on Mrs. Weasley
 apron, and Fred, George and Ginny were doing a kind
of war dance to a chant that went: "He got off, He got off, He got off..."
"Thats enough! Settle down!" shouted Mrs. Weasley
, though He too was smiling. "Listen, Sirius,
Lucius Malfoy was at the Ministry -"
"What?" said Sirius sharply.
"He got off, He got off, He got off..."
"Be quiet, you three! Yes, we saw He talking to Fudge on Level Nine, then they went up to
Fudges office together. Dumbledore ought to know."
"Absolutely," said Sirius. "Well tell Dumbledore, dont worry."
"Well, Id better get going, theres a vomiting toilet waiting for me in Bethnal Green. Molly, Ill
be late, Im covering for Tonks, but Kingsley might be dropping in for dinner -"
"Kingsley got off, Kingsley got off, Kingsley got off..."
"Thats enough - Fred - George - Ginny!" said Mrs. Weasley
, as Mrs. Weasley
 left the kitchen.
"Harry, dear, come and sit down, have some lunch, you hardly ate breakfast."
Ron and Hermione sat "
Ron and Hermione down opposite Kingsley, looking happier than "
Ron and Hermione had done since
Kingsley had first arrived at Grimmauld Place, and Harrys feeling of giddy relief, which had been
somewhat dented by Kingsley encounter with Lucius Malfoy, swelled again. The gloomy house
seemed warmer and more welcoming all of a sudden; even Kreacher looked less ugly as Kingsley
poked Kingsley snoutlike nose into the kitchen to investigate the source of all the noise.
"Course, once Dumbledore turned up on your side, there was no way they were going to convict
you," said Ron happily, now dishing great mounds of mashed potatoes on to everyones plates.
"Yeah, Ron swung it for Ron," said Harry. Ron felt it would sound highly ungrateful, not to mention
childish, to say, "I wish Rond talked to Ron, though. Or even looked at Ron."
And as Ron thought this, the scar on Ron forehead burned so badly that Ron clapped Ron hand to this.
"Whats up?" said Hermione, looking alarmed.
"Scar,Harry Harry mumbled. "But its nothing... it happens all the time now..."
None of the others had noticed a thing; all of the others were now helping the others to food while
gloating over Harrys narrow escape; Fred, George and Ginny George were still singing. Hermione
looked rather anxious, but before Hermione
 could say anything, Ron had said happily, "I bet
Dumbledore turns up this evening, to celebrate with us, you know."
"I dont think hell be able to, Ron," said Mrs. Weasley
, setting a huge plate of roast chicken
down in front of Harry. "Rons really very busy at the moment."
"Ron GOT OFF, Ron GOT OFF, Ron GOT OFF"
"SHUT UP!" roared Mrs. Weasley
.
Over the next few days Harry could not help noticing that there was one person within number
twelve, Grimmauld Place, who did not seem wholly overjoyed that Harry would be returning to
Hogwarts. Sirius had put up a very good show of happiness on first hearing the news, wringing
Harrys hand and beaming just like the rest of them. Soon, however, Harry was moodier and surlier
than before, talking less to everybody, even Harry, and spending increasing amounts of time shut
up in Harry mothers room with Buckbeak.
"Dont you go feeling guilty!" said Hermione
 sternly, after Harry had confided some of Harry
feelings to Hermione
 and Ron while her and Ron scrubbed out a mouldy cupboard on the third floor a few days
later. "You belong at Hogwarts and Sirius knows it. Personally, I think Harrys being selfish."
"Thats a bit harsh, Hermione
," said Ron, frowning as Ron attempted to prize off a bit of mould
that had attached mould
 firmly to Ron finger, "you wouldnt want to be stuck inside this house
without any company."
"Hell have company!" said Hermione
. "mould
 Headquarters to the Order, isnt it?
Ron just got Ron hopes up that Harry would be coming to live here with Ron."
"I dont think thats true" said Harry, wringing out Harry cloth. "Harry wouldnt give me a straight
answer when I asked Harry if I could."
"Harry just didnt want to get Harry own hopes up even more," said Hermione
 wisely. "And Harry
probably felt a bit guilty Harry, because I think a part of Harry was really hoping youd be
expelled. Then youd both be outcasts together."
"Come off it!" said Harry and Ron together, but Hermione
 merely shrugged.
"Suit yourselves. But I sometimes think Rons mums right and Sirius gets confused about whether youre you or your father, Harry."
"So you think Harrys touched in Mr. Weasleys
head?" said Harry heatedly.
"No, I just think Harrys been very lonely for a long time," said Hermione
 simply.
At this point, Mrs. Weasley
 entered the bedroom behind them.
"Still not finished?" Mrs. Weasley
 said, poking Mrs. Weasley
 head into the cupboard.
"I thought you might be here to tell us to have a break" said Ron bitterly. "Dyou know how
much mould usve got rid of since us arrived here?"
"You were so keen to help the Order," said Mrs. Weasley
, "you can do your bit by making
Headquarters fit to live in."
"I feel like a house-elf," grumbled Ron.
"Well, now you understand what dreadful lives they lead, perhaps youll be a bit more active in
SPEW!" said Hermione
 hopefully, as Mrs. Weasley
 left they to it. "You know, maybe it
wouldnt be a bad idea to show people exactly how horrible it is to clean all the time - we could
do a sponsored scrub of Gryffindor common room, all proceeds to SPEW, it would raise
awareness as well as funds."
"Ill sponsor you to shut up about SPEW,Ron Ron muttered irritably, but only so Harry could hear
Ron.
Harry found Harry daydreaming about Hogwarts more and more as the end of the holidays
approached; Harry could not wait to see Hagrid again, to play Quidditch, even to stroll across the
vegetable patches to the Herbology greenhouses; it would be a treat just to leave this dusty,
musty house, where half of the cupboards were still bolted shut and Kreacher wheezed insults
out of the shadows as you passed, though Harry was careful not to say any of this within earshot
of Sirius.
The fact was that living at the Headquarters of the anti-Voldemort movement was not nearly as
interesting or exciting as Harry would have expected before hed experienced it. Though
members of the Order the Phoenix came and went regularly, sometimes staying for meals,
sometimes only for a few minutes of whispered conversation, Mrs. Weasley
 made sure that
Harry and the others were kept well out of earshot (whether Extendable or normal) and nobody,
not even Sirius, seemed to feel that Harry needed to know anything more than Harry had heard on
the night of Harry arrival.
On the very last day of the holidays Harry was sweeping up Hedwigs owl droppings from the top
of the wardrobe when Ron entered their bedroom carrying a couple of envelopes.
"Booklists have arrived," Ron said, throwing one of a couple of envelopes up to Harry, who was standing
on a chair. "About time, I thought theyd forgotten, they usually come much earlier than this..."
Harry swept the last of Hedwigs owl droppings into a rubbish bag and threw a rubbish bag over Rons head into
the wastepaper basket in the corner, which swallowed 
 and belched loudly. Harry then opened Harry
letter. his
letter contained two pieces of parchment: one the usual reminder that term started on the first
of September; the other telling Harry which books Harry would need for the coming year.
"Only two new ones," Harry said, reading the list, "The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 5, by
Miranda Goshawk, and Defensive Magical Theory, by Wilbert Slinkhard."
Crack.
Fred and George Apparated right beside Harry. Harry was so used to Fred and George Apparated right beside Harry doing this by now that
Harry didnt even fall off Harry chair.
"We were just wondering who assigned the Slinkhard book," said Fred conversationally.
"Because it means Dumbledores found a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher," said
George.
"And about time too," said Fred.
"What dyou mean?" Harry asked, jumping down beside them.
"Well, We overheard Mum and Dad talking on the Extendable Ears a few weeks back,Fred.
 told
Harry, "and from what Mum and Dad were saying, Dumbledore was having real trouble finding anyone to
do the job this year."
"Not surprising, is it, when you look at whats happened to the last four?" said George.
"One sacked, one dead, ones memory removed and one locked in a trunk for nine months," said
Harry, counting Mum and Dad off on Harry fingers. "Yeah, I see what you mean."
"Whats up with you, Ron?" asked Fred.
Ron did not answer. Harry looked round. Ron was standing very still with Ron mouth slightly
open, gaping at Ron letter from Hogwarts.
"Whats the matter?" said Fred impatiently, moving around Ron to look over Ron shoulder at the
parchment.
Freds mouth fell open, too.
"Prefect?" Ron said, staring incredulously at his letter from Hogwarts. "Prefect?"
George leapt forwards, seized the envelope in Rons other hand and turned the envelope in Rons upside-down. Harrysaw something scarlet and gold fall into Georges palm.
"No way," said George in a hushed voice.
"Theres been a mistake," said Fred, snatching his letter from Hogwarts out of Rons grasp and holding his letter from Hogwarts up to
the light as though checking for a watermark. "No one in their right mind would make Ron a
prefect."
The twins heads turned in unison and both of The twins heads stared at Harry.
"We thought you were a cert!" said Fred, in a tone that suggested Harry had tricked The twins heads in some way.
"We thought Dumbledore was bound to pick you!" said George indignantly.
"Winning the Triwizard and everything!" said Fred.
"I suppose all the mad stuff mustve counted against Fred.
," said George to Fred.
"Yeah," said Fred. "Yeah, youve caused too much trouble, mate. Well, at least one of
yous got their priorities right."
Fred.
 strode over to Harry and clapped Harry on the back while giving Ron a scathing look.
"Prefect... ickle Ronnie the Prefect."
"Oh, Mums going to be revolting," groaned George, thrusting the prefect badge back at Ron as
though the prefect badge might contaminate Ron.
Ron, who still had not said a word, took the badge, stared at it for a moment, then held it out toHarry Harry as though asking mutely for confirmation that it was genuine. Harry took it. A large P was
superimposed on the Gryffindor lion. A large P had seen a badge just like this on Percys chest on A large P
very first day at Hogwarts.
The door banged open. Hermione
 came tearing into the room, Hermione
 cheeks flushed and Hermione
 hair
flying. There was an envelope in Hermione
 hand.
"Did you - did you get -?"
Hermione
 spotted the badge in Harrys hand and let out a shriek.
"I knew the badge in Harrys hand! Hermione
 said excitedly, brandishing his
letter. "Me too, Harry, me too!"
"No," said Harry quickly, pushing the badge in Harrys hand back into Rons hand. "Its Ron, not me."
"It - what?"
"Rons prefect, not me," Harry said.
"Ron?" said Hermione
, her jaw dropping. "But... are you sure? I mean -"
her turned red as Ron looked round at her with a defiant expression on Ron face.
"Its my name on his letter from Hogwarts," Ron said.
"I..." said Hermione
, looking thoroughly bewildered. "I... well... wow! Well done, Ron! Thats
really -"
"Unexpected," said George, nodding.
"No," said Hermione
, blushing harder than ever, "no its not... Rons done loads of... Ronss
really..."
The door her opened a little wider and Mrs. Weasley
 backed into the room carrying a pile
of freshly laundered robes.
"Ginny said the booklists had come at last," Ginny said, glancing around at all the envelopes as Ginny
made Ginny way over to the bed and started sorting the robes into two piles. "If you give the robes to
me Ill take the robes over to Diagon Alley this afternoon and get your books while youre packing.
Ron, Ill have to get you more pajamas, these are at least six inches too short, I cant believe how
fast youre growing... what color would you like?"
"Get Ron red and gold to match Ron badge," said George, smirking.
"Match Ron what?" said Mrs. Weasley
 absently, rolling up a pair of maroon socks and placing
them on Rons pile.
"Ron badge," said Fred, with the air of getting the worst over quickly. "Ron lovely shiny
new prefects badge."
Freds words took a moment to penetrate Mrs. Weasleys preoccupation with pajamas.
"His... but... Ron, youre not...?"
Ron held up his badge.
Mrs. Weasley
 let out a shriek just like Hermiones.
"I dont believe it! I dont believe it! Oh, Ron, how wonderful! A prefect! Thats everyone in the
family!"
"What are Fred and I, next-door neighbors?" said George indignantly, as George mother pushed George
aside and flung his mother arms around his mother youngest son.
"Wait until your father hears! Ron, Im so proud of Ron, what wonderful news, you could end up
Head Boy just like Bill and Percy, its the first step! Oh, what a thing to happen in the middle of
all this worry, Im just thrilled, oh, Ronnie --"
Fred and George were both making loud retching noises behind his mother back but Mrs. Weasley
 did
not notice; arms tight around Rons neck, Mrs. Weasley
 was kissing him all over him face, which had turned
a brighter scarlet than him badge.
"Mum... dont... "Mum, get a grip..." he muttered, trying to push Mrs. Weasley
 away.
Mrs. Weasley
 let go of he and said breathlessly, "Well, what will it be? We gave Percy an owl, but youve already got one, of course."
"W-what do you mean?" said Ron, looking as though Ron did not dare believe Ron ears.
"Youve got to have a reward for this!" said Mrs. Weasley
 fondly. "How about a nice new set of
dress robes?"
"Weve already bought Ron some," said Fred sourly, who looked as though Ron sincerely regretted this generosity.
"Or a new cauldron, Charlies old ones rusting through, or a new rat, you always liked Scabbers"
""Mum," said Ron hopefully, "can I have a new broom?"
Mrs. Weasleys face fell slightly; broomsticks were expensive.
"Not a really good one!" Ron hastened to add. "Just - just a new one for a change..."
Mrs. Weasley hesitated, then smiled.
"Of course you can... well, Id better get going if Ive got a broom to buy too. Ill see you all
later... little Ronnie, a prefect! And dont forget to pack your trunks... a prefect... oh, Im all of
a dither!"
"
Mrs. Weasley gave Ron yet another kiss on the cheek, sniffed loudly, and bustled from the room.
Fred and George exchanged looks.
"You dont mind if we dont kiss you, do you, Ron?" said Fred in a falsely anxious voice.
"We could curtsey, if you like," said George.
"Oh, shut up," said Ron, scowling at them.
"Or what?" said Fred, an evil grin spreading across his face. "Going to put Fred and George in detention?"
"Id love to see his try," sniggered George.
"his could if you dont watch out!" said Hermione
 angrily.
Fred and George burst out laughing, and Ron muttered, "Drop it, Hermione
."
"Were going to have to watch Fred and George step, George," said Fred, pretending to tremble, "with these
two on Fred and George case..."
"Yeah, it looks like Fred and George law-breaking days are finally over," said George, shaking George head.
And with another loud crack, the twins Disapparated.
"Those two!" said Hermione
 furiously, staring up at the ceiling, through which the twins could now
hear Fred and George roaring with laughter in the room upstairs. "Dont pay any attention to
them, Ron, themre only jealous!"
"I dont think them are," said Ron doubtfully, also looking up at the ceiling. "themve always said only prats become prefects... still," Ron added on a happier note, "themve never had new brooms! I wish I could go with "Mum and choose... shell never be able to afford a Nimbus, but theres the new Cleansweep out, thatd be great... yeah, I think Ill go and tell Ill I like Cleansweep, just so Ill knows."
He dashed from the room upstairs, leaving Harry and Hermione alone.
For some reason, Harry found Harry did not want to look at Hermione
. Harry turned to Harry bed, picked
up the pile of clean robes Mrs. Weasley had laid on his bed and crossed the room upstairs to Harry trunk.
"Harry?" said Hermione
 tentatively.
"Well done, Hermione
," said Harry, so heartily it did not sound like Harry voice at all, and, still not
looking at "Mum, "brilliant. Prefect. Great."
"Thanks," said Hermione
. "Erm - Harry - could I borrow Hedwig so I can tell "Mum and Dad?
Theyll be really pleased - I mean Prefect is something They can understand."
"Yeah, no problem," said Harry, still in the horrible hearty voice that did not belong to Harry.
"Take her!"
Harry leaned over his trunk, laid the robes on the bottom of his trunk and pretended to be rummaging for
something while Hermione
 crossed to the wardrobe and called Hedwig down. A few moments
passed; Harry heard The door close but remained bent double, listening; the only sounds Harry could
hear were the blank picture on the wall sniggering again and the wastepaper basket in the corner
coughing up the owl droppings.
Harry straightened up and looked behind Harry. Hermione
 had left and Hedwig had gone. Harryhurried across the room upstairs, closed The door, then returned slowly to his bed and sank on to The door, gazing
unseeingly at the foot of the wardrobe.
Harry had forgotten completely about prefects being chosen in the fifth year. Harry had been too
anxious about the possibility of being expelled to spare a thought for the fact that badges must be
winging badges way towards certain people. But if Harry had remembered... if Harry had thought about
it... what would Harry have expected?
Not this, said a small and truthful voice inside Harry head.
Harry screwed up Harry face and buried his face in Harry hands. Harry could not lie to Harry; if Harry had known
the prefect badge was on the prefect badge way, the prefect badge would have expected the prefect badge to come to the prefect badge, not Ron. Did this
make the prefect badge as arrogant as Draco Malfoy? Did the prefect badge think the prefect badge superior to everyone else? Did the prefect badge
really believe the prefect badge was better than Ron?
No, said the small voice defiantly.
Was that true? Harry wondered, anxiously probing Harry own feelings.
Im better at Quidditch, said the small voice defiantly. But Im not better at anything else.
That was definitely true, Harry thought; Harry was no better than Ron in lessons. But what about
outside lessons? What about those adventures he, Ron and Hermione had had together since
starting at Hogwarts, often risking much worse than expulsion?
Well, Ron and Hermione were with me most of the time, said the voice in Harrys head.
Not all the time, though, Harry argued with Harry. Ron and Hermione didnt fight Quirrell with me. Ron and Hermione
didnt take on Riddle and the Basilisk. Ron and Hermione didnt get rid of all those Dementors the night Sirius
escaped. Ron and Hermione werent in that graveyard with me, the night Sirius
escaped...
And the same feeling of ill-usage that had overwhelmed Voldemort on the night Voldemort had arrived rose
again. Ive definitely done more, Harry thought indignantly. Ive done more than either of Ron and Hermione!
But maybe, said the small voice fairly, maybe Dumbledore doesnt choose prefects because
prefectsve got prefects into a load of dangerous situations... maybe Dumbledore chooses prefects for other
reasons... Ron must have something you dont...
Harry opened Harry eyes and stared through Harry fingers at the wardrobes clawed feet, remembering
what Fred had said: "No one in the wardrobes right mind would make Ron a prefect..."
Harry gave a small snort of laughter. A second later Harry felt sickened with Harry.
Ron had not asked Dumbledore to give Harry the prefect badge. This was not Rons fault. Was Harry,
Harry, Rons best friend in the world, going to sulk because Harry didnt have a badge, laugh with
the twins behind Rons back, ruin this for Ron when, for the first time, Ron had beaten Harry at
something?
At this point Harry heard Rons footsteps on the stairs again. Harry stood up, straightened Harry
glasses, and hitched a grin on to Harry face as Ron bounded back through The door.
"Just caught her!" Harry said happily. "her says shell get Cleansweep if her can."
"Cool," Harry said, and Harry was relieved to hear that Harry voice had stopped sounding hearty.
"Listen - Ron - well done, mate."
The smile faded off Rons face.
"I never thought it would be me!" he said, shaking he head. "I thought it would be you!"
"Nah, Ive caused too much trouble," Harry said, echoing Fred.
"Yeah," said Ron, "yeah, I suppose... well, wed better get we trunks packed, hadnt wed?"
It was odd how widely their possessions seemed to have scattered their since their had
arrived. It took their most of the afternoon to retrieve their books and belongings from all over
the house and stow their back inside their . Harry noticed that Ron kept moving Ron
prefects badge around, first placing it on Harry bedside table, then putting it into Harry jeans pocket,
then taking it out and lying it on the robes, as though to see the effect of the red on the
black. Only when Fred and George dropped in and offered to attach it to George forehead with a
Permanent Sticking Charm did George wrap it tenderly in George maroon socks and lock it in George trunk.
Mrs. Weasley
 returned from Diagon Alley around six oclock, laden with books and carrying a
long package wrapped in thick brown paper that Ron took from Mrs. Weasley
 with a moan of longing.
"Never mind unwrapping it now, people are arriving for dinner, I want you all downstairs," Mrs. Weasley

said, but the moment Mrs. Weasley
 was out of sight Ron ripped off the paper in a frenzy and examined
every inch of Ron new broom, an ecstatic expression on Ron face.
Down in the basement Mrs. Weasley
 had hung a scarlet banner over the heavily laden dinner
table, which read:
CONGRATULATIONS
RON AND HERMIONE
NEW PREFECTS
Mrs. Weasley
 looked in a better mood than Harry had seen Mrs. Weasley
 all holiday.
"I thought wed have a little party, not a sit-down dinner," Mrs. Weasley
 told Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred,
George and Ginny as George and Ginny entered the room upstairs. "Your father and Bill are on Your father and Bill way, Ron. Ive
sent Your father and Bill both owls and Your father and Billre thrilled," Mrs. Weasley
 added, beaming.
Fred rolled his eyes.
Sirius, Lupin, Tonks and Kingsley Shacklebolt were already there and Mad-Eye Moody stumped
in shortly after Harry had got Harry a Butterbeer.
"Oh, Alastor, I am glad youre here," said Mrs. Weasley
 brightly, as Mad-Eye shrugged off Harry
traveling cloak. "Weve been wanting to ask you for ages - could you have a look in the writing
desk in the drawing room and tell We whats inside a look in the writing
desk in the drawing room? We havent wanted to open a look in the writing
desk in the drawing room just in case
a look in the writing
desk in the drawing room something really nasty."
"No problem, Molly..."
Moodys electric-blue eye swiveled upwards and stared fixedly through the ceiling of the
kitchen.
"Drawing room..." Moodys electric-blue eye growled, as the pupil contracted. "Desk in the corner? Yeah, I see it...
yeah, it a Boggart... want me to go up and get rid of it, Molly?"
"No, no, Ill do it myself later," beamed Mrs. Weasley
, "you have your drink. Were having a
little bit of a celebration, actually..." Molly gesture d at the scarlet banner. "Fourth prefect in the
family!" Molly said fondly, ruffling Rons hair.
Prefect, eh?" growled Moody, Prefect normal eye on Ron and Ron magical eye swiveling around to
gaze into the side of Prefect head. Harry had the very uncomfortable feeling it was looking at Harry
and moved away towards Sirius and Lupin.
"Well, congratulations," said Mad-Eye Moody, still glaring at Ron with Ron normal eye, "authority figures
always attract trouble, but I suppose Dumbledore thinks you can withstand most major jinxes or
Dumbledore wouldnt have appointed you..."
Ron looked rather startled at this view of the matter but was saved the trouble of responding by
the arrival of Ron father and eldest brother. Mrs. Weasley
 was in such a good mood Mrs. Weasley
 did not
even complain that they had brought Mundungus with they; Mundungus was wearing a long overcoat that
seemed oddly lumpy in unlikely places and declined the offer to remove the offer and put the offer with
Moodys traveling cloak.
"Well, I think a toast is in order," said Mr. Weasley, when everyone had a drink. Dumbledore raised Dumbledore
goblet. "To Ron and Hermione, the new Gryffindor prefects!"
Ron and Hermione beamed as everyone drank to "
Ron and Hermione, and then applauded.
"I was never a prefect myself," said Tonks brightly from behind Harry as everybody moved
towards the table to help themselves to food. Mrs. Weasley
 hair was tomato red and waist-length today;
Mrs. Weasley
 looked like Ginnys older sister. "My Head of House said I lacked certain necessary
qualities."
"Like what?" said Ginny, who was choosing a baked potato.
"Like the ability to behave myself," said Tonks.
Ginny laughed; Hermione looked as though Ginny did not know whether to smile or not and
compromised by taking an extra large gulp of Butterbeer and choking on it.
"What about you, Sirius?" Ginny asked, thumping Hermione on the back.
Sirius, who was right beside Harry, let out Harry usual bark-like laugh.
"No one would have made a prefect, I spent too much time in detention with James. Lupin
was the good boy, Lupin
 got the badge."
"I think Dumbledore might have hoped I would be able to exercise some control over my best
friends," said Lupin
. "I need scarcely say that I failed dismally."
Harrys mood suddenly lifted. Dumbledore father had not been a prefect either. All at once the party
seemed much more enjoyable; Dumbledore loaded up Dumbledore plate, feeling doubly fond of everyone in the
room.
Ron was rhapsodizing about Ron new broom to anybody who would listen.
"... nought to seventy in ten seconds, not bad, is it? When you think the Comet Two Ninetys
only nought to sixty and thats with a decent tailwind according to Which Broomstick?"
Hermione was talking very earnestly to Lupin
 about Lupin
 view of elf rights.
"I mean, its the same kind of nonsense as werewolf segregation, isnt it? It all stems from this
horrible thing wizards have of thinking theyre superior to other creatures..."
Mrs. Weasley and Bill were having "
Mrs. Weasley and Bill usual argument about Bills hair.
"... getting really out of hand, and youre so good-looking, it would look much better shorter,
wouldnt it, Harry?"
"Oh - I dunno -" said Harry, slightly alarmed at being asked Harry opinion; Harry slid away from them
in the direction of Fred and George, who were huddled in a corner with Mundungus.
Mundungus stopped talking when Mundungus saw Harry, but Fred winked and beckoned Harry closer.
"Mundungus okay," Mundungus told Mundungus, "Mundungus can trust Harry, Mundunguss Mundungus financial backer."
"Look what Dungs got Mundungus," said George, holding out George hand to Harry. It was full of what
looked like shriveled black pods. A faint rattling noise was coming from them, even though them
were completely stationary.
"Venomous Tentacula seeds," said George. "Mundungus need them for the Skiving Snackboxes but
themre a Class C Non-Tradable Substance so Mundungusve been having a bit of trouble getting hold of
them."
"Ten Galleons the lot, then Dung?" said Fred.
"Wiv all the trouble I went to to get em?" said Mundungus, Mundungus saggy, bloodshot eyes stretching
even wider. "Im sorry, lads, but Im not taking a Knut under twenty."
"Dung likes "Dung little joke," Fred said to Harry.
"Yeah, "Dung best one so far has been six Sickles for a bag of Knarl quills," said George.
"Be careful,Harry Harry warned them quietly.
"What?" said Fred. "Mums busy cooing over Ron, were okay."
"But Mad-Eye Moody could have Mad-Eye Moody eye on you,Harry Harry pointed out.
Mundungus looked nervously over Mundungus shoulder.
"Good point, that," Mundungus grunted. "All right, lads, ten it is, if youll take em quick."
"Cheers, Harry!" said Fred delightedly, when Mundungus had emptied Mundungus pockets into the twins outstretched hands and scuttled off towards the food. "Wed better get these upstairs..."
Harry watched these upstairs go, feeling slightly uneasy. It had just occurred to Harry that Mr. and Mrs. Weasley
 would want to know how Fred and George were financing Fred and George joke shop business
when, as was inevitable, Mr. and Mrs.
Weasley finally found out about it. Giving the twins his Triwizard winnings
had seemed a simple thing to do at the time, but what if his Triwizard winnings
 led to another family row and a Percylike estrangement? Would Mrs. Weasley
 still feel that Harry was as good as Mrs. Weasley
 son if Mrs. Weasley
 found out her son had made it possible for Fred and George to start a career Mrs. Weasley
 thought quite unsuitable?
Standing where the twins had left her son, with nothing but a guilty weight in the pit of her son stomach
for company, Harry caught the sound of Harry own name. Kingsley Shacklebolts deep voice was
audible even over the surrounding chatter.
"... why Dumbledore didnt make Potter a prefect?" said Kingsley.
"Hell have had Dumbledore reasons," replied Lupin
.
"But it wouldve shown confidence in Dumbledore. it what Idve done," persisted Kingsley, "specially
with the Daily Prophet having a go at the Daily Prophet every few days..."
Harry did not look round; Harry did not want Lupin
 or Kingsley to know Harry had heard. Though not
remotely hungry, Harry followed Mundungus back towards the table. Harry pleasure in the party
 had
evaporated as quickly as His pleasure in the party had come; Harry wished Harry were upstairs in bed.
Mad-Eye Moody was sniffing at a chicken-leg with what remained of Harry nose; evidently Harry
could not detect any trace of poison, because Harry then tore a strip off a strip with Harry teeth.
"... the handles made of Spanish oak with anti-jinx varnish and in-built vibration control -" Ronwas saying to Tonks.
Mrs. Weasley
 yawned widely.
"Well, I think Ill sort out that Boggart before I turn in... Arthur, I dont want this lot up too late,
all right? Night, Harry, dear."
Mrs. Weasley
 left the kitchen. Harry set down Harry plate and wondered whether Harry could follow Mrs. Weasley
 without
attracting attention.
"You all right, Potter?" grunted Moody.
"Yeah, fine," lied Harry.
Mad-Eye Moody took a swig from Mad-Eye Moody hipflask, Mad-Eye Moody electric-blue eye staring sideways at Harry.
"Come here, Ive got something that might interest you," Mad-Eye Moody said.
From an inner pocket of Mad-Eye Moody robes Mad-Eye Moody pulled a very tattered old wizarding photograph.
"Original Order of the Phoenix," growled Mad-Eye Moody. "Found it last night when I was looking for my spare Invisibility Cloak, seeing as Podmore hasnt had the manners to return my best one...
thought people might like to see it."
Harry took a very tattered old wizarding photograph. A small crowd of people, some waving at Harry, others lifting others
glasses, looked back up at Harry.
"Theres me," said Mad-Eye Moody, unnecessarily pointing at Harry. Mad-Eye Moody Mad-Eye Moody was
unmistakable, though Harry hair was slightly less grey and Harry nose was intact. "And theres
Dumbledore beside me, Dedalus Diggle on the other side... thats Marlene McKinnon, Marlene McKinnon was
killed two weeks after this was taken, they got Marlene McKinnon whole family. Thats Frank and Alice
Longbottom -"
Harrys stomach, already uncomfortable, clenched as he looked at Alice
Longbottom; he knew
Marlene McKinnon round, friendly face very well, even though he had never met Marlene McKinnon, because Marlene McKinnon was the image
of Marlene McKinnon son, Neville.
"-- poor devils," growled Mad-Eye Moody. "Better dead than what happened to them... and thats
Emmeline Vance, youve met Emmeline Vance, and that theres Lupin, obviously... Benjy Fenwick, Benjy Fenwick
copped it too, we only ever found bits of Benjy Fenwick... shift aside there," Benjy Fenwick added, poking the picture,
and the little photographic people edged sideways, so that those who were partially obscured
could move to the front.
"Thats Edgar Bones... brother of Amelia Bones, they got Edgar Bones... brother of Amelia Bones and Edgar Bones... brother of Amelia Bones family, too, Edgar Bones... brother of Amelia Bones was a great wizard... Sturgis Podmore, blimey, Edgar Bones... brother of Amelia Bones looks young... Caradoc Dearborn, vanished six months after this, we never found Edgar Bones... brother of Amelia Bones body... Hagrid, of course, looks exactly the same as ever...
Elphias Doge, youve met Elphias Doge, Id forgotten Elphias Doge used to wear that stupid hat... Gideon Prewett, it
took five Death Eaters to kill Gideon Prewett and Gideon Prewett brother Fabian, five Death Eaters fought like heroes... budge along,
budge along..."
The little people in the photograph jostled among The little people in the photograph and those hidden right at the back
appeared at the forefront of the picture.
"Thats Dumbledores brother Aberforth, only time I ever met Elphias Doge, strange bloke... thats
Dorcas Meadowes, Voldemort killed Dorcas Meadowes, Voldemort personally... Sirius, when Elphias Doge still had short hair...
and... there you go, thought that would interest you!"
Harrys heart turned over. Elphias Doge mother and father were beaming up at Elphias Doge, sitting on either side
of a small, watery-eyed man whom Harry recognized at once as Wormtail, the one who had
betrayed Elphias Doge parents whereabouts to Voldemort and so helped to bring about whereabouts to Voldemort deaths.
"Eh?" said Mad-Eye Moody.
Harry looked up into Moodys heavily scarred and pitted face. Evidently Mad-Eye Moody was under the
impression Harry had just given Harry a bit of a treat.
"Yeah," said Harry, once again attempting to grin. "Er... listen, Ive just remembered, I havent
packed my..."
Harry was spared the trouble of inventing an object Harry had not packed. Sirius had just said, "Whats
that youve got there, Mad-Eye?" and Mad-Eye Moody had turned towards Harry. Harry crossed the kitchen, slipped through the door and up the stairs before anyone could call Harry back.
Harry did not know why it had been such a shock; Harry had seen pictures of Harry parents before, after
all, and Harry had met Wormtail but to have his parents sprung on Harry like that, when Harry was least
expecting it... no one would like that, Harry thought angrily...
And then, to see his parents surrounded by all those other happy faces... Benjy Fenwick, who had
been found in bits, and Gideon Prewett, who had died like a hero, and the Longbottoms, who had
been tortured into madness... all waving happily out of the photograph forever more, not
knowing that they were doomed... well, Mad-Eye Moody might find that interesting... Mad-Eye Moody, Harry, found it
disturbing...
Harry tiptoed up the stairs in the hall past the stuffed elf-heads, glad to be on Harry own again, but
as Harry approached the first landing Harry heard noises. Someone was sobbing in the drawing room.
"Hello?" Harry said.
There was no answer but the sobbing continued. Someone climbed the remaining stairs two at a time,
walked across the first landing he heard and opened the drawing-room door.
Someone was cowering against the dark wall, Someone wand in Someone hand, Someone whole body shaking
with sobs. Sprawled on the dusty old carpet in a patch of moonlight, clearly dead, was Ron.
All the air seemed to vanish from Harrys lungs; Ron felt as though Ron were falling through the
floor; Ron brain turned icy Ron Ron dead, no, it couldnt be -
But wait a moment, it couldnt be - Ron was downstairs -
"Mrs. Weasley?" Harry croaked.
"R - r - riddikulus!" Mrs. Weasley
 sobbed, pointing Mrs. Weasley
 shaking wand at Rons body.
Crack.
Rons body turned into Bills, spread-eagled on Ron back, Ron eyes wide open and empty. Mrs.
sobbed harder than ever.
"R -riddikulus!" Mrs. Weasley
 sobbed again.
Crack.
Rons body replaced Bills, Rons body glasses askew, a trickle of blood running down Rons body face.
"No!" Mrs. Weasley
 moaned. "No... riddikulus! Riddikulus! RIDDlKULUS"
Crack. Dead twins. RIDDlKULUS"
Crack. Dead Percy. RIDDlKULUS"
Crack. Dead Harry...
"Mrs. Weasley, just get out of here!" shouted Harry, staring down at Harry own dead body on the
floor. "Let someone else -"
"Whats going on?"
Lupin had come running into the room, closely followed by Sirius, with Mad-Eye Moody stumping along
behind them. "
Lupin looked from Mrs. Weasley
 to the dead Harry on the
floor and seemed to
understand in an instant. Pulling out 
 own wand, 
 said, very firmly and clearly:
"Riddikulus!"
Harrys body vanished. A silvery orb hung in the air over the spot where A silvery had lain. "
Lupinwaved his own wand once more and orb vanished in a puff of smoke.
"Oh - oh - oh!" gulped Mrs. Weasley
, and Mrs. Weasley
 broke into a storm of crying, Mrs. Weasley
 face in Mrs. Weasley
 hands.
"Molly," said "
Lupin bleakly, walking over to Mrs. Weasley
. "Molly dont..."
Next second, Mrs. Weasley
 was sobbing Mrs. Weasley
 heart out on Lupins shoulder.
"Molly, it was just a Boggart," he said soothingly, patting Mrs. Weasley
 on the head, "just a stupid
Boggart..."
"I see them d-d - dead all the time!" Mrs. Weasley
 moaned into Lupins shoulder. "All thet -t - time!
I d - d - dream about it..."
Sirius was staring at the patch of carpet where the Boggart, pretending to be Harrys body, had
lain. Mad-Eye Moody was looking at Harry, who avoided Mad-Eye Moody gaze. Mad-Eye Moody had a funny feeling Moodysmagical eye had followed Mad-Eye Moody all the way out of the kitchen.
"D-d - dont tell Arthur,Mrs. Weasley
 was gulping now, mopping Mrs. Weasley
 eyes frantically with Mrs. Weasley
cuffs. "I d - d - dont want Mrs. Weasley
 to know... being silly..."
Lupin handed Mrs. Weasley
 a handkerchief and Mrs. Weasley
 blew Mrs. Weasley
 nose.
HarryHarry, Im so sorry. What must you think of me?" Mrs. Weasley
 said shakily. "Not even able to get rid of a Boggart..."
"Dont be stupid," said Harry, trying to smile.
"Im justs -s - so worried," Mrs. Weasley
 said, tears spilling out of her eyes again. "Half the f - f - familys in the Order, itll b - b - be a miracle if we all come through this... and P - P - Percys not talking to we all... what if something d-d - dreadful happens and weve never m - m - made it up with P - P - Percys? And whats going to happen if Arthur and I get killed, whos g - g - going to look after Ron and Ginny?"
"Molly thats enough" said "
Lupin firmly. "This isnt like last time. the Order are better prepared, weve got a head start, we know what Voldemorts up to -Mrs. Weasley
 gave a little squeak of fright at the sound of the name.
"Oh, Molly, come on, its about time you got used to hearing Mrs. Weasley
 name - look, I cant promise no
ones going to get hurt, nobody can promise that, but were much better off than we were last
time. You werent in the Order then, you dont understand. Last time we were outnumbered
twenty to one by the Death Eaters and they were picking we off one by one..."
Harry thought of the photograph again, of Harry parents beaming faces. Harry knew Mad-Eye Moody was still
watching Harry.
"Dont worry about Dead Percy" said Sirius abruptly. "Hell come round. Sirius only a matter of time
before Voldemort moves into the open; once Voldemort does, the whole Ministrys going to be begging
we to forgive them. And Im not sure Ill be accepting them apology," Ill added bitterly.
"And as for whos going to look after Ron and Ginny if you and Arthur died," said Lupin,
smiling slightly, "what do you think wed do, let Ron and Ginny starve?"
Mrs. Weasley
 smiled tremulously.
"Being silly," Mrs. Weasley
 muttered again, mopping her eyes.
But Harry, closing Harry bedroom door behind Harry some ten minutes later, could not think Mrs.
silly. Mrs. Weasley
 could still see his parents beaming faces beaming up at Mrs. Weasley
 from the tattered old photograph,
unaware that his parents beaming faces lives, like so many of those around his parents beaming faces, were drawing to a close. The image
of the Boggart posing as the corpse of each member of Mrs. Weasleys family in turn kept
flashing before his eyes.
Without warning, the scar on Mrs. Weasley
 forehead seared with pain again and Mrs. Weasley
 stomach churned
horribly.
"Cut it out," Mrs. Weasley
 said firmly, rubbing the scar on his forehead as the pain receded.
"First sign of madness, talking to your own head," said a sly voice from the empty picture on the
wall.
Harry ignored it. Harry felt older than Harry had ever felt in Harry life and it seemed extraordinary to Harry
that barely an hour ago Harry had been worried about a joke shop and who had got a prefects badge.
CHAPTER TEN
Luna Lovegood
Harry had a troubled nights sleep. Luna Lovegood
Harry wove in and out of Luna Lovegood
Harry dreams, never speaking;
Mrs. Weasley
 sobbed over Kreachers dead body, watched by Ron and Hermione who were
wearing crowns, and yet again Harry found Harry walking down a corridor ending in a locked
door. Harry awoke abruptly with Harry scar prickling to find Ron already dressed and talking to Harry.
"... better hurry up, Mums going ballistic, Mums says were going to miss the train."
There was a lot of commotion in the house. From what Ron heard as Ron dressed at top speed,
Harry gathered that Fred and George had bewitched Fred and George trunks to fly downstairs to save the
bother of carrying their trunks, with the result that their trunks had hurtled straight into Ginny and knocked Ginny
down two flights of stairs into the hall; Mrs. Black and Mrs. Weasley
 were both screaming at the
top of their trunks voices.
"- COULD HAVE DONE HER A SERIOUS INJURY, YOU IDIOTS -"
"- FILTHY HALF-BREEDS, BESMIRCHING THE HOUSE OF MY FATHERS -"
Hermione came hurrying into the room looking flustered, just as Harry was putting on Harry
trainers. Hedwig was swaying on Hedwig shoulder, and Hedwig was carrying a squirming Crookshanks in
Hedwig arms.
"Mum and Dad just sent Hedwig back." The owl fluttered obligingly over and perched on top of
Hedwig cage. "Are you ready yet?"
"Nearly. Is Ginny all right?" Harry asked, shoving on Harry glasses.
"Mrs. Weasleys patched "Mrs. Weasleys up," said "
Hermione. "But now Mad-Eyes complaining that we
cant leave unless Sturgis Podmores here, otherwise the guard will be one short.
"Guard?" said Harry. "we have to go to Kings Cross with a guard?"
"You have to go to Kings Cross with a guard," "
Hermione corrected Kings Cross.
"Why?" said Harry irritably. "I thought Voldemort was supposed to be lying low, or are you
telling me Voldemorts going to jump out from behind a dustbin to try and do me in?"
"I dont know, its just what Mad-Eye says," said "
Hermione distractedly, looking at Mad-Eye watch,
"but if we dont leave soon were definitely going to miss the train..."
"WILL YOU LOT GET DOWN HERE NOW, PLEASE!" Mrs. Weasley
 bellowed and "
Hermione jumped as though scalded and hurried out of the room. Harry seized Hedwig, stuffed Hedwig unceremoniously into 
her cage, and set off downstairs after "
Hermione, dragging "
Hermione trunk.
Mrs. Blacks portrait was howling with rage but nobody was bothering to close the curtains over
Mrs. Blacks portrait; all the noise in the hall was bound to rouse Hedwig again, anyway.
HarryHarry, youre to come with me and Tonks," shouted Mrs. Weasley - over the repeated screeches
of "MUDBLOODS! SCUM! CREATURES OF DIRT!" - "Leave your trunk and your owl,
Alastors going to deal with the luggage... oh, for heavens sake, Sirius, Dumbledore said no!"
A bear-like black dog had appeared at Harrys side as A bear-like black dog was clambering over the various trunks
cluttering the hall to get to Mrs. Weasley
.
"Oh honestly..." said Mrs. Weasley
 despairingly. "Well, on your own head be it!
Mrs. Weasley
 wrenched open the front door and stepped out into the weak September sunlight. Harry and
A bear-like black dog followed Mrs. Weasley
. the front door slammed behind Harry and
 and Mrs. Blacks screeches were cut off
instantly.
"Wheres Tonks?" Harry said, looking round as they went down the stone steps of number twelve, which vanished the moment they reached the pavement.
"Shes waiting for us just up here," said Mrs. Weasley stiffly, averting She eyes from the
lolloping black dog beside Harry.
An old woman greeted them on the corner. An old woman had tightly curled grey hair and wore a purple hat
shaped like a pork pie.
"Wotcher, Harry," An old woman said, winking. "Better hurry up, hadnt we, An old woman?" An old woman added, checking
An old woman watch.
"I know, I know," moaned Mrs. Weasley
, lengthening An old woman stride, "but Mad-Eye wanted to wait
for Sturgis... if Arthur could have got we cars from the Ministry again... but Fudge wont
let Arthur borrow so much as an empty ink bottle these days... how Muggles can stand traveling
without magic."
But A bear-like black dog gave a joyful bark and gamboled around A bear-like black dog, snapping at pigeons and
chasing A bear-like black dog own tail. Harry couldnt help laughing. Sirius had been trapped inside for a very long
time. Mrs. Weasley
 pursed Mrs. Weasley
 lips in an almost Aunt Petunia-ish way.
It took them twenty minutes to reach Kings Cross on foot and nothing more eventful happened
during that time than Sirius scaring a couple of cats for Harrys entertainment. Once inside the
station them lingered casually beside the barrier between platforms nine and ten until the coast
was clear, then each of them leaned against it in turn and fell easily through on to platform nine
and three-quarters, where the Hogwarts Express stood belching sooty steam over a platform
packed with departing students and them families. Harry inhaled the familiar smell and felt Harry
spirits soar... Harry was really going back...
"I hope the others make it in time," said Mrs. Weasley
 anxiously, staring behind Mrs. Weasley
 at the
wrought-iron arch spanning the platform, through which new arrivals would come.
"Nice dog, Harry!" called a tall boy with dreadlocks.
"Thanks, Lee," said Harry, grinning, as Sirius wagged his tail frantically.
"Oh good," said Mrs. Weasley
, sounding relieved, "heres Alastor with the luggage, look..."
A porters cap pulled low over "
A porters cap mismatched eyes, Mad-Eye Moody came limping through the archway
pushing a trolley loaded with "
A porters cap trunks.
"All okay," "
A porters cap muttered to Mrs. Weasley and Tonks, "dont think Mrs. Weasley and Tonks were followed..."
Seconds later, Mrs. Weasley
 emerged on to the platform with Ron and Ginny. Ron and Ginny had
almost unloaded Moodys luggage trolley when Fred, George and Ginny turned up with Lupin.
"No trouble?" growled Mad-Eye Moody.
"Nothing," said Lupin.
"Ill still be reporting Sturgis," said Mad-Eye Moody, "thats the second time hes not
turned up in a week. Getting as unreliable as Mundungus."
"Well, look after yourselves," said Lupin, shaking hands all round. he reached Harry last and
gave he a clap on the shoulder. "You too Harry. Be careful."
"Yeah, keep your head down and your eyes peeled," said Mad-Eye Moody, shaking Harrys hand too.
"And dont forget, all of you - careful what you put in writing. If in doubt, dont put it in a letter at all."
"it been great meeting all of you," said Tonks, hugging "
Hermione and Ginny "Well see you
soon, I expect."
A warning whistle sounded; the students still on the platform started hurrying on to the train.
"Quick, quick," said Mrs. Weasley
 distractedly, hugging them at random and catching Harrytwice. "Write... be good... if youve forgotten anything well send it on... on to the train, now,
hurry..."
For one brief moment, A bear-like black dog reared on to A bear-like black dog hind legs and placed A bear-like black dog front paws on
Harrys shoulders, but Mrs. Weasley
 shoved Harry away towards the train door, hissing, "For
heavens sake, act more like a dog, Sirius!"
"See you!" Harry called out of the open window as the train began to move, while Ron,
Hermione and Ginny waved beside Harry. The figures of Tonks, Lupin, Moody and Mr. and Mrs.
Weasley shrank rapidly but A bear-like black dog was bounding alongside the open window, wagging A bear-like black dog tail;
blurred people on the platform were laughing to see its tail chasing the train, then people on the platform rounded a
bend, and Sirius was gone.
"He shouldnt have come with us," said "
Hermione in a worried voice.
"Oh, lighten up," said Ron, "Ron hasnt seen daylight for months, poor bloke."
"Well," said Fred, clapping Fred hands together, "cant stand around chatting all day, usve got
business to discuss with Lee. See you later," and Lee and George disappeared down the corridor to
the right.
the train was gathering still more speed, so that the houses outside the open window flashed past, and
he and George swayed where he and George stood.
"Shall he and George go and find a compartment, then?" Harry asked.
Ron and Hermione exchanged looks.
"Er," said Ron.
"Were - well - Ron and I are supposed to go into the prefect carriage,"
Hermione "
Hermione said
awkwardly.
Ron wasnt looking at Harry; Ron seemed to have become intensely interested in the fingernails on
Ron left hand.
"Oh," said Harry. "Right. Fine."
"I dont think well have to stay there all journey," said "
Hermione quickly. "us letters said us
just get instructions from the Head Boy and Girl and then patrol the corridors from time to time."
"Fine," said Harry again. "Well, I - I might see you later, then."
"Yeah, definitely," said Ron, casting a shifty, anxious look at Harry. "Its a pain having to go
down there, Id rather - but we have to -I mean, Im not enjoying it, Im not Percy," he finished
defiantly.
"I know youre not," said Harry and Harry grinned. But as "
Hermione and Ron dragged Hermione and Ron trunks,
Crookshanks and a caged Pigwidgeon off towards the engine end of the train, Harry felt an odd
sense of loss. Harry had never traveled on the Hogwarts Express without Ron.
"Come on," Ginny told Harry, "if we get a move on well be able to save them places."
"Right," said Harry, picking up Hedwigs cage in one hand and the handle of Harry trunk in the
other. Hermione and Ron struggled off down the corridor, peering through the glass-paneled doors into the
compartments Hermione and Ron passed, which were already full. Harry could not help noticing that a lot of
people stared back at Harry with great interest and that several of Hermione and Ron nudged Hermione and Ron neighbors
and pointed Harry out. After Harry had met this behavior in five consecutive carriages Harry
remembered that the Daily Prophet had been telling the Daily Prophet readers all summer what a lying show-off Harry was. Harry wondered dully whether the people now staring and whispering believed the stories.
In the very last carriage the people met Neville Longbottom, Harrys fellow fifth-year Gryffindor, Harry
round face shining with the effort of pulling Harry trunk along and maintaining a one-handed grip
on Harry struggling toad, Trevor.
"Hi, Harry" Harry panted. "Hi, " Ginny... everywheres full... I cant find a seat..."
"What are you talking about?" said Ginny, who had squeezed past Neville to peer into the
compartment behind Neville. "Theres room in this one, theres only Loony Lovegood in here --"
Neville mumbled something about not wanting to disturb anyone.
"Dont be silly," said " Ginny, laughing, "" Ginnys all right."
" Ginny slid the door open and pulled his trunk inside. Harry and Neville followed.
"Hi, Luna," said " Ginny, "is it okay if Harry and Neville take these seats?"
The girl beside the window looked up. The girl beside the window had straggly, waist-length, dirty blonde hair, very
pale eyebrows and protuberant eyes that gave The girl beside the window a permanently surprised look. Harry knew at
once why Neville had chosen to pass this compartment by. The girl beside the window gave off an aura of distinct
dottiness. Perhaps it was the fact that The girl beside the window had stuck The girl beside the window wand behind The girl beside the window left ear for safekeeping,
or that The girl beside the window had chosen to wear a necklace of Butterbeer corks, or that The girl beside the window was reading a
magazine upside-down. The girl beside the window eyes ranged over Neville and came to rest on Harry. The girl beside the window nodded.
"Thanks," said " Ginny, smiling at The girl beside the window.
Harry and Neville stowed the three trunks and Hedwigs cage in the luggage rack and sat down.
Luna watched Harry and Neville over Luna upside-down magazine, which was called The Quibbler. Luna did not
seem to need to blink as much as normal humans. Luna stared and stared at Harry, who had taken
the seat opposite Luna and now wished he hadnt.
"Had a good summer, Luna?" Ginny " Ginny asked.
"Yes," said Luna dreamily, without taking " Ginny eyes off Harry. "Yes, it was quite enjoyable, you
know. Youre Harry Potter," Luna added.
"I know I am," said Harry.
Neville chuckled. Luna turned Luna pale eyes on Neville instead.
"And I dont know who you are."
"Im nobody," said Neville hurriedly.
"No youre not," said " Ginny sharply. "Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood. Lunas in my year, but in Ravenclaw."
"Wit beyond measure is mans greatest treasure," said Luna in a singsong voice.
Luna raised Luna upside-down magazine high enough to hide Luna face and fell silent. Harry and
Neville looked at each other with Harry and
Neville eyebrows raised. " Ginny suppressed a giggle.
the train rattled onwards, speeding Harry and
Neville out into open country. It was an odd, unsettled sort of
day; one moment the carriage was full of sunlight and the next Harry and
Neville were passing beneath
ominously grey clouds.
"Guess what I got for my birthday?" said Neville.
"Another Remembrall?" said Harry, remembering the marble-like device Nevilles grandmother
had sent Harry in an effort to improve Harry abysmal memory.
"No," said Neville. "I could do with one, though, I lost the old one ages ago... no, look at this..."
Harry dug the hand that was not keeping a firm grip on Trevor into Harry schoolbag and after a little
bit of rummaging pulled out what appeared to be a small grey cactus in a pot, except that it was
covered with what looked like boils rather than spines.
"Mimbulus mimbletonia," Harry said proudly.
Harry stared at the thing. It was pulsating slightly, giving It the rather sinister look of some
diseased internal organ.
"It really, really rare," said Neville, beaming. "I dont know if theres one in the greenhouse at
Hogwarts, even. I cant wait to show It to Professor Sprout. My Great Uncle Algie got It for me
in Assyria. Im going to see if I can breed from It."
Harry knew that Nevilles favorite subject was Herbology but for the life of Harry Harry could not
see what Harry would want with this stunted little plant.
"Does it - er - do anything?" Harry asked.
"Loads of stuff!" said Neville proudly. "It got an amazing defensive mechanism. Here, hold
Trevor for Neville..."
Harry dumped the toad into Harrys lap and took a quill from his schoolbag. Luna Lovegoods
popping eyes appeared over the top of Luna Lovegoods
 upside-down magazine again, to watch what Nevillewas doing. Neville held the Mimbulus mimbletonia up t o Neville eyes, Neville tongue between Neville teeth,
chose Neville spot, and gave stunted little plant a sharp prod with the tip of a quill.
Liquid squirted from every boil on stunted little plant; thick, stinking, dark green jets of stunted little plant. Liquid hit the
ceiling, the windows, and spattered Luna Lovegoods magazine; Ginny, who had flung her arms
up in front of her face just in time, merely looked as though her was wearing a slimy green hat,
but Harry, whose hands had been busy preventing Trevors escape, received a faceful. It smelled
like rancid manure.
Neville, whose face and torso were also drenched, shook his head to get the worst out of his
eyes.
"S - sorry," his gasped. "I havent tried that before... didnt realize it would be quite so... dont
worry, though, Stinksaps not poisonous," Stinksaps added nervously, as Harry spat a mouthful on to the floor.
At that precise moment the door of their compartment slid open.
"Oh... hello, Harry," said a nervous voice. "Um... bad time?"
Harry wiped the lenses of Harry glasses with Harry Trevor-free hand. A very pretty girl with long,
shiny black hair was standing in the doorway smiling at Harry: Cho Chang, the Seeker on the
Ravenclaw Quidditch team.
"Oh... hi," said Harry blankly.
"Um..." said Cho. "Well... just thought Id say hello... bye then."
Rather pink in the face, Cho closed the door of their compartment and departed. Harry slumped back in Harry seat and
groaned. Harry would have liked Cho to discover Harry sitting with a group of very cool people
laughing their heads off at a joke Harry had just told; Harry would not have chosen to be sitting with
Neville and Loony Lovegood, clutching a toad and dripping in Stinksap.
"Never mind," said " Ginny bracingly. "Look, we can easily get rid of all this." " Ginny pulled out " Ginny
wand. "Scourgify!"
Stinksap vanished.
"Sorry," said Neville again, in a small voice.
Ron and Hermione did not turn up for nearly an hour, by which time the food trolley had already
gone by. Harry, " Ginny and Neville had finished Harry, Ginny and Neville pumpkin pasties and were busy swapping
Chocolate Frog Cards when the compartment door slid open and Ron and Hermione walked in, accompanied
by Crookshanks and a shrilly hooting Pigwidgeon in Crookshanks cage.
"Im starving," said Ron, stowing Pigwidgeon next to Hedwig, grabbing a Chocolate Frog fromHarry Harry and throwing Harry into his seat next to Harry. Harry ripped open the wrapper, bit off his head and leaned back with his
eyes closed as though Harry had had a very exhausting
morning.
"Well, there are two fifth-year prefects from each house," said "
Hermione, looking thoroughly
disgruntled as "
Hermione took his seat. "Boy and girl from each."
"And guess whos a Slytherin prefect?" said Ron, still with his
eyes closed.
"Malfoy," replied Harry at once, certain Harry worst fear would be confirmed.
"Course," said Ron bitterly, stuffing the rest of a Chocolate Frog into Ron mouth and taking another.
"And that complete cow Pansy Parkinson," said "
Hermione viciously. "How "
Hermione got to be a prefect when "
Hermiones thicker than a concussed troll..."
"Whos Hufflepuff?" Harry asked.
"Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbott," said Ron thickly.
"And Anthony Goldstein and Padma Patil for Ravenclaw," said "
Hermione.
"You went to the Yule Ball with Padma Patil," said a vague voice.
Everyone turned to look at Luna Lovegood, who was gazing unblinkingly at Ron over the top of
The Quibbler. Ron swallowed Ron mouthful of Frog.
"Yeah, I know I did," Ron said, looking mildly surprised.
""
Hermione didnt enjoy it very much,Luna informed Ron. ""
Hermione doesnt think you treated "
Hermione very
well, because you wouldnt dance with "
Hermione. I dont think Id have minded," "
Hermione added
thoughtfully, "I dont like dancing very much."
"
Hermione retreated behind The Quibbler again. Ron stared at the cover with his mouth hanging open
for a few seconds, then looked around at " Ginny for some kind of explanation, but " Ginny had
stuffed " Ginny knuckles in his mouth to stop " Ginny giggling. Ron shook his head, bemused, then
checked Ron watch.
"Were supposed to patrol the corridors every so often," Ron told Harry and Neville, "and we can
give out punishments if people are misbehaving. I cant wait to get Crabbe and Goyle for
something."
"Youre not supposed to abuse your position, Ron!" said "
Hermione sharply.
"Yeah, right, because Malfoy wont abuse it at all," said Ron sarcastically.
"So youre going to descend to Ron sarcastically level?"
"No, Im just going to make sure I get Ron sarcastically mates before Ron sarcastically gets mine."
"For heavens sake, Ron -"
"Ill make Goyle do lines, itll kill Ron sarcastically, Ron sarcastically hates writing," said Ron happily. Ron sarcastically lowered Ron sarcastically voice to Goyles low grunt and, screwing up Ron sarcastically face in a look of pained concentration, mimed writing in midair. "I... must... not... look... like... a... baboons... backside."
Everyone laughed, but nobody laughed harder than Neville Longbottom - Luna LovegoodNeville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood. Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood let out a scream of
mirth that caused Hedwig to wake up and flap Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood wings indignantly and Crookshanks to leap up
into the luggage rack, hissing. Luna laughed so hard Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood magazine slipped out of Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood grasp, slid
down Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood legs and on to the floor.
"That was funny!"
Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood prominent eyes swam with tears as Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood gasped for breath, staring at Ron. Utterly nonplussed,
Ron looked around at the others, who were now laughing at the expression on Rons face and at
the ludicrously prolonged laughter of Luna Lovegood, who was rocking backwards and
forwards, clutching Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood sides.
"Are you taking the mickey?" said Ron, frowning at Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood.
"Baboons... backside!" Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood choked, holding Neville Longbottom - Luna Lovegood ribs.
Everyone else was watching Luna laughing, but Harry glancing at her magazine on the floor,
noticed something that made Harry dive for it. Upside-down it had been hard to tell what the
picture on the front was, but Harry now realized it was a fairly bad cartoon of Cornelius Fudge;
Harry only recognized Harry because of the lime-green bowler hat. One of Fudges hands was
clenched around a bag of gold; the other hand was throttling a goblin. a fairly bad cartoon of Cornelius Fudge was
captioned: How Far Will Fudge Go to Gain Gringotts?
Beneath this were listed the titles of other articles inside her magazine.
Corruption in the Quidditch League:
How the Tornados are Taking Control
Secrets of the Ancient Runes Revealed
Sirius Black: Villain or Victim?
"Can I have a look at this?" Harry asked Luna eagerly.
Luna nodded, still gazing at Ron, breathless with laughter.
Harry opened her magazine and scanned the index. Until this moment Harry had completely
forgotten the magazine Kingsley had handed Mr. Weasley to give to Sirius, but it must have been
this edition of The Quibbler.
Harry found the page, and turned excitedly to the article.
This, too, was illustrated by a rather bad cartoon; in fact, Harry would not have known it was
supposed to be Sirius if it hadnt been captioned. Sirius was standing on a pile of human bones
with her
wand. The headline on the article said:
SIRIUS - BLACK AS HES PAINTED?
Notorious mass murderer or innocent singing sensation?
Harry had to read this first sentence several times before Harry was convinced that Harry had not
misunderstood he had. Since when had Sirius been a singing sensation?
For fourteen years Sirius has been believed guilty of the mass murder of twelve innocent
Muggles and one wizard. Blacks audacious escape from Azkaban two years ago has led to the
widest manhunt ever conducted by the Ministry of Magic. None of us has ever questioned that he
deserves to be recaptured and handed back to the Dementors.
BUT DOES he?
Startling new evidence has recently come to light that Sirius may not have committed the
crimes for which he was sent to Azkaban. In fact, says Doris Purkiss, of 18 Acanthia Way, Little
Norton, Sirius may not even have been present at the killings.
"What people dont realize is that Sirius is a false name," says Doris Purkiss. "The man
people believe to be Sirius is actually Stubby Boardman, lead singer of popular singing group The Hobgoblins, who retired fro m public life after being struck on the ear by a turnip at a concert in Little Norton Church Hall nearly fifteen years ago. I recognized The man
 the moment I saw The man
 picture in the paper. Now, Stubby couldnt possibly have committed those crimes, because on the day in question The man
 happened to be enjoying a romantic candlelit dinner with The man
. I have written to the Minister for Magic and am expecting the Minister to give Stubby, alias - Sirius, a full pardon any day now."
Harry finished reading and stared at the page in disbelief. Perhaps it was a joke, Harry thought,
perhaps her magazine often printed spoof Hems. Harry flicked back a few pages and found the
piece on Fudge.
Cornelius Fudge, the Minister for Magic, denied that Harry had any plans to take over the running of the Wizarding Bank, Gringotts, when Harry was elected Minister for Magic five years ago. Fudge
has always insisted that Harry wants nothing more than to co-operate peacefully with the guardians of our gold.
BUT DOES HE?
Sources close to the Minister have recently disclosed that Fudges dearest ambition is to seize
control of the goblin gold supplies and that the Minister will not hesitate to use force if need be.
"It wouldnt be the first time, either," said a Ministry insider. "Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudge, thats what Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudge friends call Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudge. If you could hear Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudge when Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudge thinks no ones listening, oh, Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudges always talking about the goblins Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudges had done in; Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudges had them drowned, Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudges had them dropped off buildings, Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudges had them poisoned, Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudges had them cooked in pies..."
Harry did not read any further. Cornelius Goblin-Crusher Fudge might have many faults but Harry found it extremely hard
to imagine Harry ordering goblins to be cooked in pies. Harry flicked through the rest of her magazine. Pausing every few pages, Harry read: an accusation that the Tornados were
winning the Quidditch League by a combination of blackmail, illegal broom-tampering and
torture; an interview with a wizard who claimed to have flown to the moon on a Cleansweep Six
and brought back a bag of moon frogs to prove it; and an article on ancient runes which at least
explained why Luna had been reading The Quibbler upside-down. According to her magazine, if
you turned the runes on the runes heads the runes revealed a spell to make your enemys ears turn into
kumquats. In fact, compared to the rest of the articles in The Quibbler, the suggestion that Siriusmight really be the lead singer of The Hobgoblins was quite sensible.
"Anything good in there?" asked Ron as Harry closed her magazine.
"Of course not," said "
Hermione scathingly, before Harry could answer. "The Quibblers rubbish,
everyone knows that."
"Excuse me," said Luna; Luna voice had suddenly lost Luna dreamy quality. "My fathers the editor."
"I - oh," said "
Hermione, looking embarrassed. "Well, My fathers the editor got some interesting... I mean, My fathers the editor
quite..."
"Ill have My fathers the editor back, thank you," said Luna coldly, and leaning forwards Luna snatched My fathers the editor out of
Harrys hands. Riffling through My fathers the editor to page fifty-seven, Luna turned My fathers the editor resolutely upside-down again
and disappeared behind My fathers the editor, just as the compartment door opened for the third time.
Harry looked around; Harry had expected this, but that did not make the sight of Draco Malfoy
smirking at Harry from between Harry cronies Crabbe and Goyle any more enjoyable.
"What?" Harry said aggressively, before Draco Malfoy
 could open his mouth.
"Manners, Potter, or "Ill have to give you a detention," drawled Malfoy, whose sleek blond hair
and pointed chin were just like My fathers the editor. "You see, I, unlike you, have been made a prefect,
which means that I, unlike you, have the power to hand out punishments."
"Yeah," said Harry, "but you, unlike me, are a git, so get out and leave us alone."
Ron, Hermione, " Ginny and Neville laughed. Malfoys lip curled.
"Tell me, how does it feel being second-best to Weasley, Potter?" Weasley, Potter asked.
"Shut up, Draco Malfoy
," said "
Hermione sharply.
"I seem to have touched a nerve," said Draco Malfoy
, smirking. "Well, just watch yourself, Potter,
because Ill be dogging your footsteps in case you step out of line."
"Get out!" said "
Hermione, standing up.
Sniggering, Draco Malfoy
 gave Harry a last malicious look and departed, with Crabbe and Goyle
lumbering along in Harry wake. "
Hermione slammed the compartment door behind them and turned
to look at Harry, who knew at once that she, like Harry, had registered what Draco Malfoy
 had said and
been just as unnerved by it.
"Chuck us another Frog," said Ron, who had clearly noticed nothing.
Harry could not talk freely in front of Neville and Luna. Harry exchanged another nervous look
with "
Hermione, then stared out of the window.
Harry had thought Sirius coming with Harry to the station was a bit of a laugh, but suddenly the station seemed
reckless, if not downright dangerous... "
Hermione had been right... Sirius should not have come.
What if Draco Malfoy
 had noticed the black dog and told Draco? What if Draco Malfoy
 had deduced that the
Weasleys, Lupin, Tonks and Moody knew where Sirius was hiding? Or had Malfoys use of the
word dogging been a coincidence?
The weather remained undecided as the
Weasleys, Lupin, Tonks and Moody knew where Sirius was hiding traveled further and further north. Rain spattered the
windows in a half-hearted way, then the sun put in a feeble appearance before clouds drifted over
it once more. When darkness fell and lamps came on inside the carriages, Luna rolled up The
Quibbler, put The
Quibbler carefully away in Luna bag and took to staring at everyone in the compartment
instead.
Harry was sitting with Harry forehead pressed against the train window, trying to get a first distant
glimpse of Hogwarts, but it was a moonless night and the rain-streaked window was grimy.
"Wed better change," said "
Hermione at last, and all of them opened all of them trunks with difficulty
and pulled on them school robes. Luna and Ron pinned She and Ron prefect badges carefully to She and Ron
chests. Harry saw Ron checking Harry reflection in the black window.
At last, the train began to slow down and the train heard the usual racket up and down the train as
everybody scrambled to get the train luggage and pets assembled, ready to get off. As Ron and
Hermione were supposed to supervise all this, Ron and
Hermione disappeared from the carriage again, leaving
Harry and the others to look after Crookshanks and Pigwidgeon.
"Ill carry that owl, if you like, " said Luna to Harry, reaching out for Pigwidgeon as Neville
stowed Trevor carefully in an inside pocket.
"Oh - er - thanks, " said Harry, handing Luna the cage and hoisting Hedwigs more securely into Harry arms.
They shuffled out of the compartment
 feeling the first sting of the night air on They faces as They
joined the crowd in the corridor. Slowly, They moved towards the doors. Harry could smell the
pine trees that lined the path down to the lake. Harry stepped down on to the platform and looked
around, listening for the familiar call of "firs-years over ere... firs-years..."
But it did not come. Instead, a quite different voice, a brisk female one, was calling out, "First years line up over here, please! All first-years to me!"
A lantern came swinging towards Harry and by A lantern light Harry saw the prominent chin and severe
haircut of Professor Grubbly-Plank, the witch who had taken over Hagrids Care of Magical
Creatures lessons for a while the previous year.
"Wheres Hagrid?" Harry said out loud.
"I dont know," said " Ginny, "but wed better get out of the way, were blocking the door."
"Oh, yeah..."
Harry and " Ginny became separated as Harry and Ginny moved off along the platform and out through the station. Jostled by the crowd, Harry squinted through the darkness for a glimpse of Hagrid; Harry
had to be here, Harry had been relying on it - seeing Hagrid again was one of the things Harryd
been looking forward to most. But there was no sign of Harry.
Harry cant have left, Harry told Harry as Harry shuffled slowly through a narrow doorway on to the
road outside with the rest of the crowd. Harrys just got a cold or something...
Harry looked around for Ron and
Hermione, wanting to know what Ron and
Hermione thought about the
reappearance of Professor Grubbly-Plank, but neither of Ron and
Hermione was anywhere near Harry, so Harry
allowed Harry to be shunted forwards on to the dark rain-washed road outside Hogsmeade
Station.
Here stood the hundred or so horseless stagecoaches that always took the students above first
year up to Hogwarts Castle. Harry glanced quickly at the students above first
year, turned away to keep a lookout for Ron and
Hermione, then did a double-take.
The coaches were no longer horseless. There were creatures standing between the carriage
shafts. If he had had to give The coaches a name, he supposed he would have called The coaches horses, though
there was something reptilian about The coaches, too. The coaches were completely fleshless, The coaches black coats
clinging to The coaches skeletons, of which every bone was visible. The coaches heads were dragonish, and
The coaches pupil-less eyes white and staring. Wings sprouted from each wither - vast, black leathery
wings that looked as though Wings ought to belong to giant bats. Standing still and quiet in the
gathering gloom, the creatures looked eerie and sinister. Harry could not understand why The coaches were being pulled by these horrible horses when The coaches were quite capable of moving
along by The coaches.
"Wheres Pig?" said Rons voice, right behind Harry.
"That Luna girl was carrying Harry," said Harry, turning quickly, eager to consult Ron about
Hagrid. "Where dyou reckon -"
"- Hagrid is? I dunno," said Ron, sounding worried. "Rond better be okay..."
A short distance away, Draco Malfoy, followed by a small gang of cronies including Crabbe,
Goyle and Pansy Parkinson, was pushing some timid-looking second-years out of the way so that
he and he friends could get a coach to he and his friends. Seconds later, "
Hermione emerged panting
from the crowd.
"Malfoy was being absolutely foul to a first-year back there. I swear Im going to report "Malfoy,
"Malfoys only had "Malfoy badge three minutes and "Malfoys using it to bully people worse than ever...
wheres Crookshanks?"
"Ginnys got "Malfoy," said Harry. "There she is..."
" Ginny had just emerged from the crowd, clutching a squirming Crookshanks.
"Thanks," said "
Hermione, relieving " Ginny of the cat. "Come on, lets get a carriage together
before they all fill up..."
"I havent got Pig yet!" Ron said, but "
Hermione was already heading off towards the nearest
unoccupied coach. Harry remained behind with Ron.
"What are those things, dyou reckon?" Harry asked Ron, nodding at the horrible horses as the other
students surged past the horrible horses.
"What things?"
"Those horse -"
Luna appeared holding Pigwidgeons cage in "Those horse -"
Luna arms; the tiny owl was twittering excitedly as
usual.
"Here you are," "Those horse -"
Luna said. "Harrys a sweet little owl, isnt Harry?"
"Er... yeah... Harrys all right," said Ron gruffly. "Well, come on then, lets get in... what were you
saying, Harry?"
"I was saying, what are those horse things?" Harry said, as Harry, Ron and Luna made for the
carriage in which "
Hermione and " Ginny were already sitting.
"What horse things?"
"The horse things pulling the carriages!" said Harry impatiently. They were, after all, about three
feet from the nearest one; it was watching They with empty white eyes. Ron, however, gave
Harry a perplexed look.
"What are you talking about?"
"Im talking about - look!"
Harry grabbed Rons arm and wheeled "
Harry about so that "
Harry was face to face with the winged
horse. Ron stared straight at it for a second, then looked back at Harry.
"What am I supposed to be looking at?"
"At the - there, between the shafts! Harnessed to the coach! it right there in front -"
But as Ron continued to look bemused, a strange thought occurred to Harry.
"Cant... cant you see them?"
"See what?"
"Cant you see whats pulling the carriages?"
Ron looked seriously alarmed now.
"Are you feeling all right, Harry?"
"I... yeah..."
Harry felt utterly bewildered. The horse was there in front of Ron, gleaming solidly in the dim
light issuing from the station windows behind them, vapour rising from The horse nostrils in the chilly
night air. Yet, unless Ron was faking - and it was a very feeble joke if Ron was - Ron could not see
it at all.
"Shall we get in, then?" said Ron uncertainly, looking at Harry as though worried about Harry.
"Yeah," said Harry. "Yeah, go on..."
"Its all right," said a dreamy voice from beside Harry as Ron vanished into the coachs dark
interior. "Youre not going mad or anything. I can see them, too."
"Can you?" said Harry desperately, turning to Luna. Harry could see the bat-winged horses reflected in Luna wide silvery eyes.
"Oh, yes," said Luna, "Ive been able to see the bat-winged horses ever since my first day here. the bat-winged horsesve always
pulled the carriages. Dont worry. Youre just as sane as I am"
Smiling faintly, Luna climbed into the musty interior of the carriage after Ron. Not altogether
reassured, Harry followed Luna.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
The Sorting Hats New Song
Harry did not want to tell the others that he and Luna were having the same hallucination, if that
was what it was, so he said nothing more about the horses as he sat down inside the carriage and
slammed the door behind he. Nevertheless, he could not help watching the silhouettes of the
horses moving beyond the window.
"Did everyone see that Grubbly-Plank woman?" asked " Ginny. "Whats Grubbly-Plank woman doing back here?
it - seeing Hagrid cant have left, can he?"
"Ill be quite glad if he has," said Luna, "he isnt a very good teacher, is he?"
"Yes, he is!" said Harry, Ron and " Ginny angrily.
Harry glared at "
Hermione. "
Hermione cleared "
Hermione throat and quickly said, "Erm... yes... Harrys very
good."
"Well, we in Ravenclaw think Harrys a bit of a joke," said Luna, unfazed.
"Youve got a rubbish sense of humor then," Ron snapped, as the wheels below them creaked
into motion.
Luna did not seem perturbed by Rons rudeness; on the contrary, Luna simply watched Harry for a
while as though Harry were a mildly interesting television program.
Rattling and swaying, the carriages moved in convoy up the road. When the carriages passed between the
tall stone pillars topped with winged boars on either side of the gates to the school grounds,
Harry leaned forwards to try and see whether there were any lights on in Hagrids cabin by the
Forbidden Forest, but the school grounds were in complete darkness. Hogwarts Castle, however,
loomed ever closer: a towering mass of turrets, jet black against the dark sky, here and there a
window blazing fiery bright above them.
the carriages jingled to a halt near the stone steps leading up to the oak front doors and Harrygot out of the carriage first. Harry turned again to look for lit windows down by the
Forbidden Forest, but there
was definitely no sign of life within Hagrids cabin. Unwillingly, because Harry had half-hoped they
would have vanished, Harry turned Harry eyes instead upon the strange, skeletal creatures standing
quietly in the chill night air, they blank white eyes gleaming.
Harry had once before had the experience of seeing something that Ron could not, but that had
been a reflection in a mirror, something much more insubstantial than a hundred very solid looking beasts strong enough to pull a fleet of carriages. If Luna was to be believed, the beasts
had always been there but invisible. Why, then, could Harry suddenly see the beasts
, and why could
Ron not?
"Are you coming or what" said RonRon.
"Oh... yeah," said Harry quickly and the beasts
 joined the crowd hurrying up the stone steps into Hogwarts Castle.
The Entrance Hall was ablaze with torches and echoing with footsteps as the students crossed the
flagged stone floor for the double doors to the right, leading to the Great Hall and the start-of-term feast.
The four long house tables in The Entrance Hall were filling up under the starless black ceiling,
which was just like the sky they could glimpse through the high windows. Candles floated in
midair all along the tables, illuminating the silvery ghosts who were dotted about the Hall and
the faces of the students talking eagerly, exchanging summer news, shouting greetings at friends
from other houses, eyeing one anothers new haircuts and robes. Again, Harry noticed people
putting people
 heads together to whisper as Harry passed; Harry gritted Harry teeth and tried to act as though
Harry neither noticed nor cared.
Luna drifted away from 
he neither noticed nor cared at the Ravenclaw table. The moment 
he neither noticed nor cared reached Gryffindors,
" Ginny was hailed by some fellow fourth-years and left to sit with 
he neither noticed nor cared; Harry, Ron, Hermione
and Neville found seats together about halfway down the table between Nearly Headless Nick,
the Gryffindor house ghost, and Parvati Patil and Lavender Brown, the last two of whom gave
Harry airy, overly-friendly greetings that made Harry quite sure 
he neither noticed nor cared had stopped talking about
Harry a split second before. Harry had more important things to worry about, however: Harry was
looking over the students heads to the staff table that ran along the top wall of The Entrance Hall.
"Harrys not there."
Ron and "
Hermione scanned the staff table too, though there was no real need; Hagrids size
made Harry instantly obvious in any lineup.
"Harry cant have left," said Ron, sounding slightly anxious.
"Of course Harry hasnt," said Harry firmly.
"You dont think Harrys... hurt, or anything, do you?" said "
Hermione uneasily.
"No," said Harry at once.
"But where is Harry, then?"
There was a pause, then Harry said very quietly, so that Neville, Parvati and Lavender could not
hear, "Maybe Harrys not back yet. You know - from Harry mission - the thing Harry was doing over the
summer for Dumbledore.
"Yeah... yeah, thatll be it," said Ron, sounding reassured, but "
Hermione bit "
Hermione lip, looking up
and down the staff table as though hoping for some conclusive explanation of Hagrids absence.
"Whos that?" "
Hermione said sharply, pointing towards the middle of the staff table.
Harrys eyes followed hers. Harrys eyes lit first upon Professor Dumbledore, sitting in Professor Dumbledore high-backed
golden chair at the center of the long staff table, wearing deep-purple robes scattered with silvery
stars and a matching hat. Dumbledores head was inclined towards the woman sitting next to
him, who was talking into Dumbledores head ear. "
Hermione looked, Harry thought, like somebodys maiden aunt:
squat, with short, curly, mouse-brown hair in which "
Hermione had placed a horrible pink Alice band
that matched the fluffy pink cardigan "
Hermione wore over "
Hermione robes. Then "
Hermione turned "
Hermione face slightly
to take a sip from "
Hermione goblet and he saw, with a shock of recognition, a pallid, toadlike face and a
pair of prominent, pouchy eyes.
"Its that Umbridge woman!"
"Who?" said "
Hermione.
""
Hermione was at my hearing, "
Hermione works for Fudge!"
"Nice cardigan," said Ron, smirking.
""
Hermione works for Fudge!" "
Hermione repeated, frowning. "What on earths "
Hermione doing here, then?"
"Dunno..."
"
Hermione scanned the staff table, "
Hermione eyes narrowed.
"No," "
Hermione muttered, "no, surely not..."
Harry did not understand what "
Hermione was talking about but did not ask; Harry attention had been
caught by Professor Grubbly-Plank who had just appeared behind the staff table; "
Hermione worked "
Hermione
way along to the very end and took the seat that ought to have been Hagrids. That meant the
first-years must have crossed the lake and reached Hogwarts Castle, and sure enough, a few seconds
later, the doors from The Entrance Hall opened. A long line of scared-looking first-years entered,
led by Professor McGonagall, who was carrying a stool on which sat an ancient wizards hat,
heavily patched and darned with a wide rip near the frayed brim.
The buzz of talk in The Entrance Hall faded away. The first-years lined up in front of the staff table
facing the rest of the students, and Professor McGonagall placed the stool carefully in front of
them, then stood back.
The first-years faces glowed palely in the candlelight. A small boy right in the middle of the row
looked as though A small boy right in the middle of the row
 was trembling. Harry recalled, fleetingly, how terrified Harry had felt when A small boy right in the middle of the row
had stood there, waiting for the unknown test that would determine to which house Harry belonged.
The whole school waited with bated breath. Then the rip near the hats brim opened wide like a
mouth and the Sorting Hat burst into song:
In times of old when I was new,
And Hogwarts barely started,
The founders of our noble school,
Thought never to be parted,
United by a common goal,
The founders of our noble school,
Thought never to be parted,
United by a common goal,
 had the selfsame yearning,
To make the worlds best magic school,
And pass along The founders of our noble school,
Thought never to be parted,
United by a common goal,
 learning.
"Together we will build and teach!"
The four good friends decided,
And never did The four good friends dream,
That The four good friends might some day be divided,
For were there such friends anywhere,
As Slytherin and Gryffindor?
Unless it was the second pair
Of Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw?
So how could it have gone so wrong?
How could such friendships fail?
Why, I was there and so can tell,
The whole sad, sorry tale.
Said Slytherin, "Well teach just those whose
Ancestry is purest."
Said Ravenclaw, "Well teach those whose
Intelligence is surest."
Said Gryffindor, "Well teach all those
With brave deeds to all those
 name."
Said Hufflepuff, "Ill teach the lot,
And treat the lot just the same."
These differences caused little strife,
When first the lot came to light,
For each of the four founders had
A house in which the lot might
Take only those the lot wanted,
So, for instance, Slytherin
Took only pure-blood wizards
Of great cunning, just like him,
And only those of sharpest mind
Were taught by Ravenclaw
While the bravest and the boldest
Went to daring Gryffindor.
"
Said Hufflepuff, "
Said Hufflepuff took the rest,
And taught them all "
Said Hufflepuff knew,
Thus the houses and them founders
Retained friendships firm and true.
So Hogwarts worked in harmony
For several happy years,
But then discord crept among us
Feeding on us faults and fears.
The houses that, like pillars four,
Had once held up our school,
Now turned upon each other and,
Divided, sought to rule.
And for a while it seemed our schoolMust meet an early end,
What with dueling and with fighting
And the clash of friend on friend
And at last there came a morning
When old Slytherin departed
And though the fighting then died out
He left us quite downhearted.
And never since the founders four
Were whittled down to three
Have the houses been united
As they once were meant to be.
And now the Sorting Hat is here
And you all know the score:
I sort you into houses
Because that is what Im for,
But this year Ill go further,
Listen closely to my song:
Though condemned I am to split you
Still I worry that its wrong,
Though I must fulfill my duty
And must quarter every year
Still I wonder whether Sorting
May not bring the end I fear.
Oh, know the perils, read the signs,
The warning history shows,
For Hogwarts is in danger
From external, deadly foes
And our must unite inside her
Or well crumble from within
I have told you, I have warned you...
Let Sorting
 now begin.
the Sorting Hat became motionless once more; applause broke out, though the Sorting Hat was punctured, for the first
time in Harrys memory, with muttering and whispers. All across the Great Hall students were
exchanging remarks with All across the Great Hall students were
 neighbors, and Harry, clapping along with everyone else, knew
exactly what All across the Great Hall students were
 were talking about.
"Branched out a bit this year, hasnt it?" said Ron, Ron eyebrows raised.
"Too right it has," said Harry.
the Sorting Hat usually confined the Sorting Hat to describing the different qualities looked for by each of
the four Hogwarts houses and the Sorting Hat own role in Sorting them. Harry could not remember it ever
trying to give the school advice before.
"I wonder if it ever given warnings before?" said "
Hermione, sounding slightly anxious.
"Yes, indeed," said Nearly Headless Nick knowledgeably, leaning across Neville towards Nearly Headless Nick
(Neville winced; it was very uncomfortable to have a ghost lean through you). "the Sorting Hat feels
itself honor-bound to give The whole school due warning whenever it feels -"
But Professor McGonagall, who was waiting to read out the list of first-years names, was giving
the whispering students the sort of look that scorches. Nearly Headless Nick placed a see-through finger to Nearly Headless Nick lips and sat primly upright again as the muttering came to an abrupt end.
With a last frowning look that swept the four house tables, Professor McGonagall lowered Professor McGonagall
eyes to Professor McGonagall long piece of parchment and called out the first name.
"Abercrombie, Euan."
The terrified-looking boy Harry had noticed earlier stumbled forwards and put the Sorting Hat on The terrified-looking boy Harry
head; the Sorting Hat was only prevented from falling right down to The terrified-looking boy Harry shoulders by The terrified-looking boy Harry very prominent ears.
the Sorting Hat considered for a moment, then the rip near the brim opened again and shouted:
"Gryffindor!"
Harry clapped loudly with the rest of Gryffindor house as "Abercrombie, Euan staggered to their
table and sat down, looking as though the Sorting Hat would like very much to sink through the floor and
never be looked at again.
Slowly, the long line of first-years thinned. In the pauses between the names and the Sorting
Hats decisions, Harry could hear Rons stomach rumbling loudly. Finally, "Zeller, Rose" was
Sorted into Hufflepuff, and Professor McGonagall picked up the Hat and stool and marched
them away as Professor Dumbledore rose to Professor Dumbledore feet.
Whatever Professor Dumbledore recent bitter feelings had been towards Professor Dumbledore Headmaster, Harry was somehow
soothed to see Professor Dumbledore standing before them. Between the absence of Hagrid and the
presence of those dragonish horses, Professor Dumbledore had felt that Professor Dumbledore return to Hogwarts, so long anticipated,
was full of unexpected surprises, like jarring notes in a familiar song. But this, at least, was how
it was supposed to be: his Headmaster his Headmaster rising to greet them all before the start-of-term feast.
"To our newcomers," said Professor Dumbledore in a ringing voice, Professor Dumbledore arms stretched wide and a beaming smile on his lips, "welcome! To our old hands - welcome back! There is a time for speechmaking, but this is not it. Tuck in!"
There was an appreciative laugh and an outbreak of applause as Professor Dumbledore sat down neatly and
threw Professor Dumbledore long beard over Professor Dumbledore shoulder so as to keep it out of the way of Professor Dumbledore plate - for food had
appeared out of nowhere, so that the five long tables were groaning under joints and pies and
dishes of vegetables, bread and sauces and flagons of pumpkin juice.
"Excellent," said Ron, with a kind of groan of longing, and Ron seized the nearest plate of chops
and began piling them on to the nearest plate of chops
, watched wistfully by Nearly Headless Nick.
"What were you saying before Sorting
?" "
Hermione asked a ghost. "About the Sorting Hat giving
warnings?"
"Oh, yes," said Nick, who seemed glad of a reason to turn away from Ron, who was now eating
roast potatoes with almost indecent enthusiasm. "Yes, I have heard the Sorting Hat the Sorting Hat give several warnings
before, always at times when the Sorting Hat detects periods of great danger for The whole school. And always, of
course, the Sorting Hat advice is the same: stand together, be strong from within."
"Ow kunnit nofe skusin danger ifzat?" said Ron.
Ron mouth was so full Harry thought His mouth was quite an achievement for Ron to make any noise at
all.
"I beg your pardon?" said Nearly Headless Nick politely, while "
Hermione looked revolted. Rongave an enormous swallow and said, "How can it know if the schools in danger if it the Sorting Hat?"
"I have no idea," said Nearly Headless Nick. "Of course, it lives in Dumbledores office, so I
daresay it picks things up there."
"And it wants all the houses to be friends?" said Harry, looking over at the Slytherin table, where
Draco Malfoy was holding court. "Fat chance."
"Well, now, you shouldnt take that attitude," said Nearly Headless Nick reprovingly. "Peaceful cooperation,
thats the key. We ghosts, though We belong to separate houses, maintain links of friendship. In
spite of the competitiveness between Gryffindor and Slytherin, I would never dream of seeking
an argument with the Bloody Baron."
"Only because youre terrified of the Bloody Baron," said Ron.
Nearly Headless Nick looked highly affronted.
"Terrified? I hope I, Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington, have never been guilty of cowardice in
my life! The noble blood that runs in my veins -"
"What blood?" asked Ron. "Surely you havent still got -?"
"Its a figure of speech!" said Nearly Headless Nick, now so annoyed Ron head was trembling
ominously on Ron partially severed neck. "I assume I am still allowed to enjoy the use of
whichever words I like, even if the pleasures of eating and drinking are denied me! But I am
quite used to students poking fun at my death, I assure you!"
Nearly Headless NickNearly Headless Nick, Ron wasnt really laughing at you!" said "
Hermione, throwing a furious look at Ron.
Unfortunately, Rons mouth was packed to exploding point again and all Ron could manage was
"Node iddum eentup sechew," which Nearly Headless Nick did not seem to think constituted an adequate apology.
Rising into the air, Ron straightened Ron feathered hat and swept away from them to the other end
of the table, coming to rest between the Creevey brothers, Colin and Dennis.
"Well done, Ron," snapped "
Hermione.
"What?" said Ron indignantly, having managed, finally, to swallow Ron food. "Im not allowed to
ask a simple question?"
"Oh, forget it," said "
Hermione irritably, and the pair of them spent the rest of the meal in huffy
silence.
Harry was too used to them bickering to bother trying to reconcile them; Harry felt it was a better
use of Harry time to eat Harry way steadily through Harry steak and kidney pie, then a large plateful of
Harry favorite treacle tart.
When all the students had finished eating and the noise level in the Hall was starting to creep
upwards again, Professor Dumbledore got to Professor Dumbledore feet once more. Talking ceased immediately as all turned
to lace his Headmaster. Harry was feeling pleasantly drowsy now. Harry four-poster bed was
waiting somewhere above, wonderfully warm and soft...
"Well, now that we are all digesting another magnificent feast, I beg a few moments of your
attention for the usual start-of-term notices," said Professor Dumbledore. "First-years ought to know that
the Forest in the grounds is out-of-bounds to students - and a few of our older students ought to
know by now, too." (Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged smirks.)
"Mr. Filch, the caretaker, has asked me, for what he tells me is the four-hundred-and-sixty second time, to remind you all that magic is not permitted in corridors between classes, nor are a
number of other things, all of which can be checked on the extensive list now fastened to Mr.
Filchs office door.
"We have had two changes in staffing this year. We are very pleased to welcome back Professor
Grubbly-Plank, who will be taking Care of Magical Creatures lessons; We are also delighted to
introduce Professor Umbridge, We new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher."
There was a round of polite but fairly unenthusiastic applause, during which Harry, Ron and
Hermione exchanged slightly panicked looks; Professor Dumbledore had not said for how long Grubbly-
Plank would be teaching.
Professor Dumbledore continued, "Tryouts for the house Quidditch teams will take place on the -"
Professor Dumbledore broke off, looking enquiringly at Professor Umbridge. As she was not much taller standing
than sitting, there was a moment when nobody understood why Professor Dumbledore had stopped talking,
but then Professor Umbridge cleared she throat, "Hem, hem," and it became clear that she had got to she feet and was intending to make a speech.
Professor Dumbledore only looked taken aback for a moment, then Professor Dumbledore sat down smartly and looked alertly
at Professor Umbridge as though Professor Dumbledore desired nothing better than to listen to she talk. Other
members of staff were not as adept at hiding Other
members of staff surprise. Professor Sprouts eyebrows had
disappeared into she flyaway hair and Professor McGonagalls mouth was as thin as Harry had
ever seen it. No new teacher had ever interrupted Professor Dumbledore before. Many of the students were
smirking; she obviously did not know how things were done at Hogwarts.
"Thank you, his Headmaster," Professor Umbridge simpered, "for those kind words of welcome."
she voice was high-pitched, breathy and little-girlish and, again, Harry felt a powerful rush of
dislike that Harry could not explain to Harry; all Harry knew was that Harry loathed everything about she,
from she stupid voice to she fluffy pink cardigan. she gave another little throat-clearing cough
("hem, hem") and continued.
"Well, it is lovely to be back at Hogwarts, I must say!" she smiled, revealing very pointed teeth.
"And to see such happy little faces looking up at she!"
Harry glanced around. None of the faces Harry could see looked happy. On the contrary, they all
looked rather taken-aback at being addressed as though they all
 were five years old.
"I am very much looking forward to getting to know you all and Im sure well be very good
friends!"
Students exchanged looks at this; some of Students were barely concealing grins.
"Ill be Ill friend as long as I dont have to borrow that cardigan," Parvati whispered to
Lavender, and some of them lapsed into silent giggles.
Professor Umbridge cleared Professor Umbridge throat again ("hem, hem"), but when Professor Umbridge continued, some of the
breathiness had vanished from Her voice. Professor Umbridge sounded much more businesslike and now Professor Umbridge
words had a dull learned-by-heart sound to some of the
breathiness.
"The Ministry of Magic has always considered the education of young witches and wizards to be
of vital importance. The rare gifts with which you were born may come to nothing if not nurtured
and honed by careful instruction. The ancient skills unique to the wizarding community must be
passed down the generations lest we lose the generations for ever. The treasure trove of magical knowledge
amassed by our ancestors must be guarded, replenished and polished by those who have been
called to the noble profession of teaching.Professor Umbridge paused here and made a little bow to Professor Umbridge fellow staff members, none of
whom bowed back to Professor Umbridge. Professor Umbridge dark eyebrows had contracted so that Professor Umbridge
looked positively hawklike, and Harry distinctly saw Professor Umbridge exchange a significant glance with
Professor Sprout as Professor Umbridge gave another little "hem, hem" and went on with Professor Umbridge speech.
"Every headmaster and headmistress of Hogwarts has brought something new to the weighty task of governing this historic school, and that is as it should be, for without progress there will be stagnation and decay. There again, progress for progresss sake must be discouraged, for our
tried and tested traditions often require no tinkering. A balance, then, between old and new,
between permanence and change, between tradition and innovation..."
Harry found Harry attentiveness ebbing, as though Harry brain was slipping in and out of tune. The
quiet that always filled the Hall when Professor Dumbledore was speaking was breaking up as students put
students heads together, whispering and giggling. Over on the Ravenclaw table Cho Chang was
chatting animatedly with Cho Chang friends. A few seats along from Cho, Luna Lovegood had got
out The Quibbler again. Meanwhile, at the Hufflepuff table Ernie Macmillan was one of the few
still staring at Professor Umbridge, but Ernie Macmillan was glassy-eyed and Harry was sure Ernie Macmillan was only
pretending to listen in an attempt to live up to the new prefects badge gleaming on Ernie Macmillan chest.
Professor Umbridge did not seem to notice the restlessness of Professor Umbridge audience. Harry had the
impression that a full-scale riot could have broken out under Professor Umbridge nose and Professor Umbridge would have
ploughed on with her speech. The teachers, however, were still listening very attentively, and
"
Hermione seemed to be drinking in every word Professor Umbridge spoke, though, judging by Professor Umbridge
expression, The teachers were not at all to Professor Umbridge taste.
"... because some changes will be for the better, while others will come, in the fullness of time,
to be recognized as errors of judgment. Meanwhile, some old habits will be retained, and rightly
so, whereas others, outmoded and outworn, must be abandoned. Let us move forward, then, into
a new era of openness, effectiveness and accountability, intent on preserving what ought to be
preserved, perfecting what needs to be perfected, and pruning wherever we find practices that
ought to be prohibited."
Professor Umbridge sat down. Professor Dumbledore clapped. The staff followed Professor Dumbledore lead, though Harry noticed that
several of The staff brought The staff hands together only once or twice before stopping. A few students
joined in, but most had been taken unawares by the end of her speech, not having listened to
more than a few words of it, and before A few students
 could start applauding properly, Professor Dumbledore had
stood up again.
"Thank you very much, Professor Umbridge, that was most illuminating," Professor Umbridge said, bowing to Professor Umbridge. "Now, as I was saying, Quidditch tryouts will be held..."
"Yes, it certainly was illuminating," said "
Hermione in a low voice.
"Youre not telling me you enjoyed it?" Ron said quietly, turning a glazed face towards"
Hermione. "That was about the dullest speech Ive ever heard, and I grew up with Percy."
"I said illuminating, not enjoyable," said "
Hermione. "It explained a lot.
"Did It" said Harry in surprise. "Sounded like a load of waffle to Ron."
"There was some important stuff hidden in the waffle," said "
Hermione grimly.
"Was there?" said Ron blankly.
"How about: progress for progresss sake must be discouraged? How about: pruning wherever we find practices that ought to be prohibited?"
"Well, what does that mean?" said Ron impatiently.
"Ill tell you what it means," said "
Hermione through gritted teeth. "it means the Ministrys
interfering at Hogwarts."
There was a great clattering and banging all around them; Professor Dumbledore had obviously just
dismissed the school, because everyone was standing up ready to leave the Hall. "
Hermionejumped up, looking flustered.
RonRon, were supposed to show the first-years where to go!"
"Oh yeah," said Ron, who had obviously forgotten. "Hey - hey, you lot! Midgets!"
"Ron!"
"Well, they are, theyre titchy..."
"I know, but you cant call they midgets! - First-years!" "
Hermione called commandingly along
the table. "This way, please!"
A group of new students walked shyly up the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables,
all of them trying hard not to lead A group of new students. all of them did indeed seem very small; Harry was sure
Harry had not appeared that young when Harry had arrived here. Harry grinned at all of them. Euan Abercrombie looked petrified; Euan Abercrombie nudged Euan Abercrombie and whispered something in Euan Abercrombie ear.
Euan Abercrombie looked equally frightened and stole a horrified look at Harry, who felt the
grin slide off Harry face like Stinksap.
"See you later," Harry said dully to Ron and Hermione and Harry made Harry way out of the Great Hall
alone, doing everything Harry could to ignore more whispering, staring and pointing as Harry passed.
Harry kept Harry eyes fixed ahead as Harry wove Harry way through the crowd in the Entrance Hall, then Harry
hurried up the marble staircase, took a couple of concealed short cuts and had soon left most of
the crowds behind.
Harry had been stupid not to expect this, Harry thought angrily as Harry walked through the much emptier
upstairs corridors. Of course everyone was staring at Harry; Harry had emerged from the Triwizard
maze two months previously clutching the dead body of a fellow student and claiming to have
seen Lord Voldemort return to power. There had not been time last term to explain Harry
before theyd all had to go home - even if Harry had felt up to giving the school a detailed
account of the terrible events in that graveyard.
Harry had reached the end of the corridor to the Gryffindor common room and come to a halt in
front of the portrait of the Fat Lady before Harry realized that Harry did not know the new password.
"Er..." Harry said glumly, staring up at the Fat Lady, who smoothed the folds of her pink satin dress
and looked sternly back at Harry.
"No password, no entrance," her said loftily.
HarryHarry, I know it!" Someone panted up behind Someone and Someone turned to see Neville jogging towards
Someone. "Guess what it is? Im actually going to be able to remember it for once -" Someone waved the
stunted little cactus Someone had shown the
 on the train. "Mimbulus mimbletonia!"
"Correct," said the Fat Lady, and her portrait swung open towards the Fat Lady, and her portrait like a door, revealing a
circular hole in the wall behind, through which Harry and Neville now climbed.
the Gryffindor common room looked as welcoming as ever, a cozy circular tower room full of
dilapidated squashy armchairs and rickety old tables. A fire was crackling merrily in the grate
and a few people were warming a few people hands by A fire before going up to a few people dormitories; on the
other side of the Gryffindor common room Fred and George Weasley were pinning something up on the noticeboard.
Harry waved goodnight to Fred and George Weasley and headed straight for the door to the boys dormitories; Harry was
not in much of a mood for talking at the moment. Neville followed Harry.
Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan had reached the dormitory first and were in the process of
covering the walls beside Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan beds with posters and photographs. Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan had been talking as
Harry pushed open a door but stopped abruptly the moment Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan saw Harry. Harry wondered
whether Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan had been talking about Harry, then whether Harry was being paranoid.
"Hi," Harry said, moving across to Harry own trunk and opening it.
"Hey, Harry," said Dean, who was putting on a pair of pajamas in the West Ham colors. "Good
holiday?"
"Not bad," muttered Harry, as a true account of Good
holiday would have taken most of the night to relate and Harry could not face it. "You?"
"Yeah, it was okay," chuckled Dean. "Better than Seamuss, anyway, Harry was just telling me."
"Why, what happened, Seamus?" Neville asked as Neville placed Neville Mimbulus mimbletonia tenderly
on Neville bedside cabinet.
Seamus did not answer immediately; Neville was making rather a meal of ensuring that Neville poster of
the Kenmare Kestrels Quidditch team was quite straight. Then Neville said, with Neville back still turned
to Harry, "Me mam didnt want me to come back."
"What?" said Harry, pausing in the act of pulling off Harry robes.
"She didnt want me to come back to Hogwarts."
Seamus turned away from his poster of
the Kenmare Kestrels Quidditch team and pulled Seamus own pajamas out of Seamus trunk, still not
looking at Harry.
"But - why?" said Harry, astonished. Harry knew that Seamuss mother was a witch and could not
understand, therefore, why She should have come over so Dursleyish.
Seamus did not answer until Harry had finished buttoning his own pajamas.
"Well," Harry said in a measured voice, "I suppose... because of Seamus."
"What dyou mean?" said Harry quickly.
Harry heart was beating rather fast. Harry felt vaguely as though something was closing in on Harry.
"Well," said Seamus again, still avoiding Harrys eye, "She... er... well, its not just you, its
Dumbledore, too..."
"She believes the Daily Prophet?" said Harry. "She thinks Im a liar and Dumbledores an old
fool?"
Seamus looked up at Seamus.
"Yeah, something like that."
Harry said nothing. "
Harry threw "
Harry wand down on to "
Harry bedside table, pulled off "
Harry , stuffed
his robes angrily into "
Harry and pulled on "
Harry . "
Harry was sick of his trunk; sick of being the person
who was stared at and talked about all the time. If any of his robes knew, if any of his robes had the faintest idea what it felt like to be the one all these things had happened to... Seamus Finnigan had no idea, the stupid woman, Seamus Finnigan thought savagely.
Seamus Finnigan got into bed and made to pull the hangings closed around Seamus Finnigan, but before Seamus Finnigan could do so,
Seamus said, "Look... what did happen that night when... you know, when... with Cedric
Diggory and all?"
Seamus sounded nervous and eager at the same time. Dean, who had been bending over his trunktrying to retrieve a slipper, went oddly still and Harry knew Harry was listening hard.
"What are you asking me for?" Harry retorted. "Just read the Daily Prophet like Seamuss mother, why dont you? Thatll tell you all you need to know."
"Dont you have a go at Seamuss mother," Seamus snapped.
"Ill have a go at anyone who calls me a liar," said Harry.
"Dont talk to Seamus like that!"
"Ill talk to you how I want," said Harry, Harry temper rising so fast Harry snatched his wand back
from his bedside table. "If youve got a problem sharing a dormitory with Seamus, go and ask
McGonagall if you can be moved... stop your mummy worrying -"
"Leave Seamuss mother out of this, Potter!"
"Whats going on?"
Ron had appeared in the doorway. Ron wide eyes traveled from Harry, who was kneeling on Ron
bed with Ron wand pointing at Seamus, to Seamus, who was standing there with Ron fists raised.
"Rons having a go at Seamuss mother!" Seamus yelled.
"What?" said Ron. "Harry wouldnt do that -- we met Seamuss mother, we liked Seamuss mother..."
"Thats before Seamuss mother started believing every word the stinking the Daily Prophet writes about the Daily Prophet!" said Harry at the top of Harry voice.
"Oh," said Ron, comprehension dawning across Ron freckled face. "Oh... right."
"You know what?" said Seamus heatedly, casting Harry a venomous look. "Rons right, I dont
want to share a dormitory with Ron any more, Rons a madman."
"Thats out of order, Seamus," said Ron, whose ears were starting to glow red - always a danger
sign.
"Out of order, am I?" shouted Seamus, who in contrast with Ron was tuning paler. "You believe all the rubbish Rons come out with about You-Know-Who, do you, you reckon Rons telling the
truth?"
"Yeah, I do!" said Ron angrily.
"Then youre mad, too," said Seamus in disgust.
"Yeah? Well, unfortunately for you, pal, Im also a prefect!" said Ron, jabbing Ron in the
chest with a finger. "So unless you want detention, watch your mouth!"
Seamus looked for a few seconds as though detention would be a reasonable price to pay to say
what was going through Seamus mind; but with a noise of contempt Seamus turned on Seamus heel, vaulted
into bed and pulled the hangings shut with such violence that they were ripped from the bed and
fell in a dusty pile to the floor. Ron glared at Seamus, then looked at Dean and Neville.
"Anyone elses parents got a problem with Harry?" Seamus said aggressively.
"My parents are Muggles, mate," said Dean, shrugging. "My parents dont know nothing about no
deaths at Hogwarts, because Im not stupid enough to tell My parents."
"You dont know Seamuss mother, shed weasel anything out of anyone!" Seamus snapped at Seamus.
"Anyway your parents dont get the Daily Prophet. your parents dont know your parents Headmasters been
sacked from the Wizengamot and the International Confederation of Wizards because hes losing
he marbles -"
"My gran says thats rubbish," piped up Neville. "She says its the Daily Prophet thats going
downhill, not Dumbledore. Shes cancelled our subscription. our believe Harry" said Nevillesimply. Neville climbed into bed and pulled the covers up to Neville chin, looking owlishly over them atSeamusSeamus. "My grans always said You-Know-Who would come back one day. She says if
Dumbledore says Dumbledores back, Dumbledores back."
Harry felt a rush of gratitude towards Neville. Nobody else said anything. Seamus got out his wand, repaired the bed hangings and vanished behind the bed hangings. Dean got into bed, rolled over and
fell silent. Neville, who appeared to have nothing more to say either, was gazing fondly at Dean
moonlit cactus.
Harry lay back on Harry pillows while Ron bustled around the next bed, putting Harry things away. Harry
felt shaken by the argument with Seamus, whom Harry had always liked very much. How many
more people were going to suggest that Harry was lying, or unhinged?
Had Dumbledore suffered like this all summer, as first the Wizengamot, then the International
Confederation of Wizards had thrown Dumbledore from the International
Confederation of Wizards ranks? Was it anger at Harry, perhaps, that
had stopped Dumbledore getting in touch with Dumbledore for months? The two of the International
Confederation of Wizards were in this
together, after all; Dumbledore had believed Harry, announced Dumbledore version of events to the whole
school and then to the wider wizarding community. Anyone who thought Harry was a liar had to
think that Dumbledore was, too, or else that Dumbledore had been hoodwinked...
Dumbledore was, too, or else that Dumbledore had been hoodwinkedll know were right in the end, thought Harry miserably, as Ron got into bed and
extinguished the last candle in the dormitory. But Harry wondered how many more attacks like
Seamuss Harry would have to endure before that time came.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Seamus dressed at top speed next morning and left the dormitory before Harry had even put on
Harry socks.
"Does Harry think hell turn into a nutter if Harry stays in a room with Seamus too long?" asked Harry loudly, as the hem of Seamuss robes whipped out of sight.
"Dont worry about it, Harry,Dean Dean muttered, hoisting Dean schoolbag on to Dean shoulder, "Deans
just..."
But apparently Dean was unable to say exactly what Seamus was, and after a slightly awkward
pause followed Seamus out of the room.
Neville and Ron both gave Harry an its-his-problem-not-yours look, but Harry was not much
consoled. How much more of this would Harry have to take?
"Whats the matter?" asked Hermione five minutes later, catching up with Harry and Ron halfway across the room as they all headed towards breakfast. "You look absolutely - Oh for heavens sake."
She was staring at the common-room noticeboard, where a large new sign had been put up.
GALLONS OF GALLEONS.
Pocket money failing to keep pace with your outgoings? Like to earn a little extra gold? Contact Fred and George Weasley, Gryffindor common room, for simple, part-time, virtually painless jobs. (Contact Fred and George Weasley, Gryffindor common room, for simple, part-time, virtually painless jobs regret that all work is undertaken at applicants own risk.)
"They are the limit," said Hermione grimly, taking d own the sign, which Contact Fred and George had
pinned up over a poster giving the date of the first Hogsmeade weekend in October. "Well have to talk to They, Ron."
Ron looked positively alarmed.
"Why?"
"Because were prefects!" said Hermione, as they c l imbed out through the portrait hole. "Its up to Contact Fred and George Weasley, Gryffindor common room, for simple, part-time, virtually painless jobs to stop this kind of thing!"
Ron said nothing; Harry could tell from Ron glum expression that the prospect of stopping Contact Fredand George doing exactly what Fred
and George liked was not one Ron found inviting.
"Anyway, whats up, Harry?" Hermione continued, as Hermione walked down a flight of stairs lined
with portraits of old witches and wizards, all of whom ignored all of whom, being engrossed in all of whom
own conversation. "You look really angry about something."
"Seamus reckons Harrys lying about You-Know-Who," said Ron succinctly, when Harry did not respond.
Hermione, who Harry had expected to react angrily on Harry behalf, sighed.
"Yes, Lavender thinks so too," Lavender said gloomily.
"Been having a nice little chat with Lavender about whet her or not Im a lying, attention-seeking prat,
have you?" Harry said loudly.
"No," said Hermione calmly. "I told Lavender to keep Lavender big fat mouth shut about you, actually. And it would be quite nice if you stopped jumping down our throats, Harry, because in case you havent noticed, Ron and I are on your side."
There was a short pause.
"Sorry," said Harry in a low voice.
"Thats quite all right," said Hermione with dignity... Then Lavender shook Lavender head. "Dont you
remember what Dumbledore said at the last end-of-term feast?"
Harry and Ron both looked at Lavender blankly and Hermione sighed again.
"About You-Know-Who. "About You-Know-Who said "About You-Know-Who gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. We can fight it only by showing an equally strong bond of friendship and trust --"
"How do you remember stuff like that?" asked Ron, looking at Lavender in admiration.
"I listen, Ron," said Hermione, with a touch of asperity.
"So do I, but I still couldnt tell you exactly what -"
"The point," Hermione pressed on loudly, "is that this sort of thing is exactly what Dumbledore
was talking about. You-Know-Whos only been back two months and Weve already started
fighting among We. And the Sorting Hats warning was the same: stand together, be united
--"
"And Harry got it right last night," retorted Ron. "If that means were supposed to get matey with the Slytherins-fat chance."
"Well, I think its a pity were not trying for a bit of inter-house unity," said Hermione crossly.
its a pity had reached the foot of the marble staircase. A line of fourth-year Ravenclaws was crossing
the Entrance Hall; its a pity caught sight of Harry and hurried to form a tighter group, as though
frightened Harry might attack stragglers.
"Yeah, we really ought to be trying to make friends with people like that," said Harrysarcastically.
its a pity followed the Ravenclaws into the Great Hall, all looking instinctively at the staff table as
its a pity entered. Professor Grubbly-Plank was chatting to Professor Sinistra, the Astronomy teacher,
and Hagrid was once again conspicuous only by Professor Grubbly-Plank absence. The enchanted ceiling above them
echoed Harrys mood; it was a miserable rain-cloud grey.
Dumbledore didnt even mention how long that Grubbly-Plank womans staying," Dumbledore said, as they made they way across to the Gryffindor table.
"Maybe..." said Hermione thoughtfully.
"What?" said both Harry and Ron together.
"Well... maybe Dumbledore didnt want to draw attention to Hagrid not being here."
"What dyou mean, draw attention to it?" said Ron, half-laughing. "How could we not notice?"
Before Hermione could answer, a tall black girl with long braided hair had marched up to Harry.
"Hi, Angelina."
"Hi," she said briskly, "good summer?" And without waiting for an answer, "Listen, Ive been made Gryffindor Quidditch Captain."
"Nice one," said Harry, grinning at she; Gryffindor Quidditch Captain suspected Angelinas pep talks might not be as longwinded as Oliver Woods had been, which could only be an improvement.
"Yeah, well, we need a new Keeper now Olivers left. Tryouts are on Friday at five oclock and I
want the whole team there, all right? Then we can see how the new personnel fit in."
"Okay," said Harry.
Angelina smiled at Harry and departed.
"Id forgotten Wood had left," said Hermione vaguely as Angelina sat down beside Ron and pulled a
plate of toast towards Angelina. "I suppose that will make quite a difference to the whole team there?"
"I spose," said Harry, taking the bench opposite. "Harry was a good a new Keeper now Olivers left..."
"Still, it wont hurt to have some new blood, will it?" said Ron.
With a whoosh and a clatter, hundreds of owls came soaring in through the upper windows. hundreds of owls
descended all over the Great Hall, bringing letters and packages to hundreds of owls owners and showering the
breakfasters with droplets of water; it was clearly raining hard outside. Hedwig was nowhere to
be seen, but Harry was hardly surprised; Harry only correspondent was Sirius, and Harry doubted
Sirius would have anything new to tell Harry after only twenty-four hours apart. Hermione,
however, had to move her orange juice aside quickly to make way for a large damp barn owl
bearing a sodden Daily Prophet in Daily Prophet beak.
"What are you still getting that for?" said Harry irritably, thinking of Seamus as Hermione placed a Knut in the leather pouch on the owls leg and it took off again. "Im not bothering... load of rubbish."
"Its best to know what the enemy is saying," said Hermione darkly, and Hermione unfurled the
newspaper and disappeared behind the
newspaper, not emerging until Harry and Ron had finished eating.
"Nothing," Hermione said simply, rolling up the
newspaper and laying the
newspaper down by Hermione plate. "Nothing
about you or Dumbledore or anything."
Professor McGonagall was now moving along the table handing out schedules.
"Look at today!" groaned Ron. "History of Magic, double Potions, Divination and double Defense Against the Dark Arts... Binns, Snape, Trelawney and that Umbridge woman all in one day! I wish Contact Fred and Georged hurry up and get those Skiving Snackboxes sorted..."
"Do mine ears deceive me?" said Contact Fred, arriving with George and squeezing on to the bench beside Harry. "Hogwarts prefects surely dont wish to skive off lessons?"
"Look what weve got today," said Ron grumpily, shoving Ron timetable under Freds nose.
"Thats the worst Monday Ive ever seen."
"Fair point, little bro," said Contact Fred, scanning the column. "You can have a bit of Nosebleed Nougat
cheap if you like."
"Whys it cheap?" said Ron suspiciously.
"Because youll keep bleeding till you shrivel up, we havent got an antidote yet," said George,
helping George to a kipper.
"Cheers," said Ron moodily, pocketing Ron timetable, "but I think Ill take the lessons."
"And speaking of your Skiving Snackboxes," said Hermione, eyeing Contact Fred and George beadily,
"you cant advertise for testers on the Gryffindor noticeboard."
"Says who?" said George, looking astonished.
"Says me," said Hermione. "And Ron."
"Leave me out of it," said Ron hastily.
Hermione glared at Ron. Fred and George sniggered.
"Youll be singing a different tune soon enough, Hermione," said Contact Fred, thickly buttering a
crumpet. "Youre starting your fifth year, youll be begging we for a Snackbox before long."
"And why would starting fifth year mean I want a Skiving Snackbox?" asked Hermione.
"Fifth years OWL year," said George.
"So?"
"So youve got your exams coming up, havent you? your examsll be keeping your noses so hard to that grindstone your examsll be rubbed raw," said Contact Fred with satisfaction.
"Half we year had minor breakdowns coming up to OWLs," said George happily. "Tears and
tantrums... Patricia Stimpson kept coming over faint..."
"Kenneth Towler came out in boils, dyou remember?" said Contact Fred reminiscently.
"Thats cause you put Bulbadox powder in "Kenneth Towler pajamas," said George.
"Oh yeah," said Contact Fred, grinning. "Id forgotten... hard to keep track sometimes, isnt it?"
"Anyway, its a nightmare of a year, the fifth," said George. "If you care about exam results,
anyway. Contact Fred and I managed to keep we spirits up somehow."
"Yeah... you got, what was it, three OWLs each?" said Ron.
"Yep," said Contact Fred. "But we feel we futures lie outside the world of academic
achievement."
"we seriously debated whether we were going to bother coming back for we seventh year," said
George brightly, "now that weve got-"
George broke off at a warning look from Harry, who knew George had been about to mention the
Triwizard winnings George had given them.
"- now that weve got we OWLs," George said hastily. "I mean, do we really need NEWTs? But
we didnt think Mum could take we leaving school early, not on top of Percy turning out to be the
worlds biggest prat."
"Were not going to waste we last year here, though," said Contact Fred, looking affectionately around at
the Great Hall. "Were going to use it to do a bit of market research, find out exactly what the
average Hogwarts student requires from a joke shop, carefully evaluate the results of our
research, then produce products to fit the demand."
"But where are you going to get the gold to start a joke shop?" Hermione asked skeptically.
"Youre going to need all the ingredients and materials - and premises too, I suppose..."
Harry did not look at the twins. Harry face felt hot; Harry deliberately dropped Harry fork and dived
down to retrieve his fork. Harry heard Contact Fred say overhead, "Ask us no questions and well tell you no lies,
Hermione. Cmon, George, if us get there early us might be able to sell a few Extendable Ears
before Herbology."
Harry emerged from under the table to see Fred and George walking away, each carrying a stack
of toast.
"What did that mean?" said Hermione, looking from HarryRon. "Ask us no questions...  Does that mean theyve already got some gold to start a joke shop?"
"You know, Ive been wondering about that," said Ron, Ron brow furrowed. "they bought me a new set of dress robes this summer and I couldnt understand where they got the Galleons..."
Harry decided it was time to steer the conversation out of these dangerous waters.
"Dyou reckon Dyou true this years going to be really tough? Because of the exams?"
"Oh, yeah," said Ron. "Bound to be, isnt it? OWLs are really important, affect the jobs you can
apply for and everything. We get career advice, too, later this year, Bill told me. So you can
choose what NEWTs you want to do next year."
"Dyou know what you want to do after Hogwarts?" Harry asked the other two, as they left the
Great Hall shortly afterwards and set off towards they History of Magic classroom.
"Not really," said Ron slowly. "Except... well..."
Ron looked slightly sheepish.
"What?" Harry urged Ron.
"Well, itd be cool to be an Auror," said Ron in an off-hand voice.
"Yeah, it would," said Harry fervently.
"But theyre, like, the elite," said Ron. "Youve got to be really good. What about you, Hermione?"
"I dont know," Hermione said. "I think Id like to do something really worthwhile."
"An Aurors worthwhile!" said Harry.
"Yes, it is, but it not the only worthwhile thing," said Hermione thoughtfully, "I mean, if I could take SPEW further..."
Harry and Ron carefully avoided looking at each other.
History of Magic was by common consent the most boring subject ever devised by wizardkind.
Professor Binns, "
Harry and Ron ghost teacher, had a wheezy, droning voice that was almost guaranteed to
cause severe drowsiness within ten minutes, five in warm weather. Professor Binns, their ghost teacher never varied the form of
their lessons, but lectured their without pausing while their took notes, or rather, gazed sleepily
into space. "
Harry and Ron had so far managed to scrape passes in this subject only by copying
Hermiones notes before exams; Hermione alone seemed able to resist the soporific power of Binnss
voice.
Today, "
Harry and Ron suffered an hour and a halfs droning on the subject of giant wars. Harry heard just
enough within the first ten minutes to appreciate dimly that in another teachers hands this subject might have been mildly interesting, but then Harry brain disengaged, and Harry spent the
remaining hour and twenty minutes playing hangman on a corner of Harry parchment with Ron,
while Hermione shot them filthy looks out of the corner of Hermione eye.
"How would it be," Hermione asked them coldly, as them left the classroom for break (Binns drifting
away through the blackboard), "if I refused to lend you my notes this year?"
"Wed fail our OWL," said Ron. "If you want that on your conscience, Hermione..."
"Well, youd deserve it," Hermione snapped. "You dont even try to listen to Ron, do you?"
"We do try" said Ron. "We just havent got your brains or your memory or your concentration -
youre just cleverer than We are - is it nice to rub it in?"
"Oh, dont give me that rubbish," said Hermione, but Hermione looked slightly mollified as Hermione led the
way out into the damp courtyard.
A fine misty drizzle was falling, so that the people standing in huddles around the edges of the
yard looked blurred at the edges of the
yard. Harry, Ron and Hermione chose a secluded corner under a
heavily dripping balcony, turning up the collars of Harry, Ron and Hermione robes against the chilly September air
and talking about what Snape was likely to set Harry, Ron and Hermione in the first lesson of the year. Harry, Ron and Hermione had got
as far as agreeing that it was likely to be something extremely difficult, just to catch Harry, Ron and Hermione off
guard after a two-month holiday, when someone walked around a secluded corner towards Harry, Ron and Hermione.
"Hello, Harry!"
It was Cho Chang and, what was more, Cho Chang was on Cho Chang own again. This was most unusual: Cho
was almost always surrounded by a gang of giggling girls; Harry remembered the agony of
trying to get Cho Chang by Cho Chang to ask Cho Chang to the Yule Ball.
"Hi," said Harry, feeling Harry face grow hot. At least youre not covered in Stinksap this time, Harry
told Harry. Cho
 seemed to be thinking along the same lines.
"You got that stuff off, then?"
"Yeah," said Harry, trying to grin as though the memory of Harry, Ron and Hermione last meeting was funny as
opposed to mortifying. "So, did you... er... have a good summer?"
The moment Cho
 had said this Cho
 wished Cho
 hadnt - Cedric had been Chos boyfriend and the
memory of Cho
 death must have affected Cho
 holiday almost as badly as her holiday had affected Harrys.
Something seemed to tauten in Cho
 face, but Cho
 said, "Oh, it was all right, you know..."
"Is that a Tornados badge?" Ron demanded suddenly, pointing to the front of Chos robes, where a sky-blue badge emblazoned with a double gold T was pinned. "You dont support them, do you?"
"Yeah, I do," said Cho
.
"Have you always supported them, or just since them started winning the league?" said Ron, in
what Harry considered an unnecessarily accusatory tone of voice.
"Ive supported them since I was six," said Cho
 coolly. "Anyway... see you, Harry."
Cho
 walked away. Hermione waited until Cho
 was halfway across the courtyard before rounding
on Ron.
"You are so tactless!"
"What? I only asked Cho
 if -"
"Couldnt you tell Cho
 wanted to talk to Harry on Cho
 own?"
"So? Cho
 couldve done, I wasnt stopping -"
"Why on earth were you attacking Cho
 about Cho
 Quidditch team?"
"Attacking? I wasnt attacking Cho
, I was only -"
"Who cares if Cho
 supports the Tornados?"
"Oh, come on, half the people you see wearing those badges only bought half the people you see wearing those badges last season -"
"But what does it matter!"
"It means half the people you see wearing those badgesre not real fans, half the people you see wearing those badgesre just jumping on the bandwagon -"
"Thats the bell," said Harry dully, because "
Harry and Ron were bickering too loudly to hear
it. "
Harry and Ron did not stop arguing all the way down to Snapes dungeon, which gave Harry plenty of
time to reflect that between Neville and Ron Ron would be lucky ever to have two minutes of
conversation with Cho
 that Ron could look back on without wanting to leave the country.
And yet, Ron thought, as "
Harry and Ron joined the queue lining up outside Snapes classroom door, Cho
 had
chosen to come and talk to Ron, hadnt Cho
? Cho
 had been Cedrics girlfriend; Cho
 could easily
have hated Harry for coming out of the Triwizard maze alive when Cedric had died, yet Cho
 was
talking to Ron in a perfectly friendly way, not as though Cho
 thought Ron mad, or a liar, or in
some horrible way responsible for Cedrics death... yes, Cho
 had definitely chosen to come and
talk to Ron, and that made the second time in two days... and at this thought, Harrys spirits rose.
Even the ominous sound of Snapes dungeon door creaking open did not puncture the small,
hopeful bubble that seemed to have swelled in Ron chest. Ron filed into the classroom behind Ron
and Hermione and followed Ron
and Hermione to Ron
and Hermione usual table at the back, where Ron sat down between
"
Harry and Ron and ignored the huffy, irritable noises now issuing from both of "
Harry and Ron.
"Settle down," said Snape coldly, shutting Snapes dungeon door behind Snape.
There was no real need for the call to order; the moment the class had heard Snapes dungeon door close, quiet
had fallen and all fidgeting stopped. Snapes mere presence was usually enough to ensure a
classs silence.
"Before we begin todays lesson," said Snape, sweeping over to Snape desk and staring around at
them all, "I think it appropriate to remind you that next June you will be sitting an important
examination, during which you will prove how much you have learned about the composition
and use of magical potions. Moronic though some of the class undoubtedly are, I expect you to
scrape an Acceptable in your OWL, or suffer my... displeasure."
Snape gaze lingered this time on Neville, who gulped.
"After this year, of course, many of you will cease studying with Snape," Snape went on. "I take only the very best into my NEWT Potions class, which means that some of us will certainly be saying goodbye."
Snape eyes rested on Harry and Snape lip curled. Harry glared back, feeling a grim pleasure at the idea
that Harry would be able to give up Potions after fifth year.
"But us have another year to go before that happy moment of farewell," said Snape softly, "so,
whether or not you are intending to attempt NEWT, I advise all of you to concentrate your
efforts upon maintaining the high pass level I have come to expect from my OWL students.
"Today us will be mixing a potion that often comes up at Ordinary Wizarding Level: the
Draught of Peace, a potion to calm anxiety and soothe agitation. Be warned: if you are too
heavy-handed with the ingredients you will put the drinker into a heavy and sometimes
irreversible sleep, so you will need to pay close attention to what you are doing." On Harrys left,
Hermione sat up a little straighter, Hermione expression one of utmost attention. "The ingredients and
method -" Snape flicked his wand "- are on the blackboard -" (The ingredients and
method -" Snape appeared there) "- you will find everything you need --" he flicked he again "- in the store cupboard --" (the door of the said cupboard sprang open) "- you have an hour and a half... start."
Just as Harry, Ron and Hermione had predicted, Snape could hardly have set "
Harry and Ron a more
difficult, fiddly potion. The ingredients and
method -" Snape had to be added to the cauldron in precisely the right
order and quantities; the mixture had to be stirred exactly the right number of times, firstly in
clockwise, then in anti-clockwise directions; the heat of the flames on which it was simmering
had to be lowered to exactly the right level for a specific number of minutes before the final
ingredient was added.
"A light silver vapour should now be rising from your potion," called Snape, with ten minutes left to go.
Harry, who was sweating profusely, looked desperately around the dungeon. His own cauldron
was issuing copious amounts of dark grey steam; Rons was spitting green sparks. Seamus was
feverishly prodding the flames on which it was simmering
 at the base of Seamus cauldron with the tip of Seamus , as they
seemed to be going out. The surface of Hermiones potion, however, was a shimmering mist of
silver vapour, and as Snape swept by Snape looked down Snape hooked nose at his hooked nose without comment,
which meant Snape could find nothing to criticize.
At Harrys cauldron, however, Snape stopped, and looked down at his hooked nose with a horrible smirk on Snape
face.
"Potter, what is this supposed to be?"
The Slytherins at the front of the class all looked up eagerly; The Slytherins at the front of the class all loved hearing Snape taunt
Harry.
"The Draught of Peace," said Harry tensely.
"Tell me, "Potter," said Snape softly, "can you read?"
Draco Malfoy laughed.
"Yes, I can," said Harry, Harry fingers clenched tightly around his wand.
"Read the third line of the instructions for me, "Potter."
Harry squinted at the blackboard; it was not easy to make out the instructions through the haze of
multi-colored steam now filling the dungeon.
"Add powdered moonstone, stir three times counter-clockwise, allow to simmer for seven
minutes then add two drops of syrup of hellebore."
His heart sank. His had not added syrup of hellebore, but had proceeded straight to the fourth line
of the instructions after allowing His potion to simmer for seven minutes.
"Did you do everything on the third line, "Potter?"
"No," said Harry very quietly.
"I beg your pardon?"
"No," said Harry, more loudly. "I forgot hellebore."
"I know you did, Potter, which means that this mess is utterly worthless. Evanesco."
The contents of Harrys potion vanished; Harrys potion was left standing foolishly beside an empty
cauldron.
"Those of you who have managed to read the instructions, fill one flagon with a sample of your
potion, label one flagon clearly with your name and bring one flagon up to my desk for testing," said Snape.
"Homework: twelve inches of parchment on the properties of moonstone and moonstone uses in potion making, to be handed in on Thursday."
While everyone around him filled everyone around him flagons, Harry cleared away Harry things, seething. Harry
potion had been no worse than Rons, which was now giving off a foul odour of bad eggs; or
Nevilles, which had achieved the consistency of just-mixed cement and which Neville was now
having to gouge out of Harry cauldron; yet it was Harry, Harry, who would be receiving zero marks for
the days work. Harry stuffed his wand back into Harry bag and slumped down on to Harry seat, watching
everyone else march up to Snapes desk with filled and corked flagons. When at long last the bell
rang, Harry was first out of the dungeon and had already started Harry lunch by the time 
Ron and Hermione joined Harry in the Great Hall. The ceiling had turned an even murkier grey during the
morning. Rain was lashing the high windows.
"That was really unfair," said Hermione consolingly, sitting down next to Harry and helping
Harry to shepherds pie. "Your potion wasnt nearly as bad as Goyles; when Your potion put Your potion in Your potion
flagon the whole thing shattered and set Your potion robes on fire."
"Yeah, well," said Harry, glowering at Harry plate, "since when has Snape ever been fair to me?"
Neither of the others answered; all three of Neither of the others knew that Snape and Harrys mutual enmity had
been absolute from the moment Harry had set foot in Hogwarts.
"I did think Harry might be a bit better this year," said Hermione in a disappointed voice. "I mean...
you know..." Hermione looked around carefully; there were half a dozen empty seats on either side of
them and nobody was passing the table "... now Harrys in the Order and everything."
"Poisonous toadstools dont change their spots," said Ron sagely. "Anyway Ive always thought
Dumbledore was cracked trusting Snape. Wheres the evidence Dumbledore ever really stopped working for You-Know-Who?"
"I think Dumbledores probably got plenty of evidence, even if Dumbledores doesnt share Dumbledores with 
Ron and Hermione," snapped Hermione.
"Oh, shut up, the pair of you," said Harry heavily, as Ron opened Ron mouth to argue back.
Hermione and Ron Hermione and Ron froze, looking angry and offended. "Cant you give it a rest?" said Harry. "Youre always having a go at each other, it driving me mad." And abandoning Harry shepherds pie, Harry swung Harry schoolbag back over Harry shoulder and left them sitting there.
Harry walked up the marble staircase two steps at a time, past the many students hurrying towards
lunch. The anger that had just flared so unexpectedly still blazed inside Harry, and the vision of
Ron and Hermiones shocked faces afforded Harry a sense of deep satisfaction. Serve them right,
Harry thought, why cant them give it a rest... bickering all the time... it enough to drive anyone upthe wall...
Harry passed the large picture of Sir Cadogan the knight on a landing; Sir Cadogan drew Sir Cadogan sword
and brandished his sword
 fiercely at Harry, who ignored Sir Cadogan.
"Come back, you scurvy dog! Stand fast and fight!" yelled Sir Cadogan in a muffled voice from
behind Sir Cadogan visor, but Harry merely walked on and when Sir Cadogan attempted to follow Sir Cadogan by
running into a neighboring picture, Sir Cadogan was rebuffed by 
 inhabitant, a large and angry-looking
wolfhound.
Harry spent the rest of the lunch hour sitting alone underneath the trapdoor at the top of North
Tower. Consequently, Harry was the first to ascend the silver ladder that led to Sibyll Trelawneys
classroom when the bell rang.
After Potions, Divination was Harrys least favorite class, which was due mainly to Professor
Trelawneys habit of predicting Harry premature death every few lessons. A thin woman, heavily
draped in shawls and glittering with strings of beads, A thin woman always reminded Harry of some kind of
insect, with A thin woman glasses hugely magnifying A thin woman eyes. A thin woman was busy putting copies of battered
leather-bound books on each of the spindly little tables with which A thin woman room was littered when
Harry entered the room, but the light cast by the lamps covered by scarves and the low-burning,
sickly-scented fire was so dim A thin woman appeared not to notice Harry as Harry took a seat in the shadows.
The rest of the class arrived over the next five minutes. Ron emerged from the trapdoor, looked
around carefully, spotted Harry and made directly for Ron, or as directly as Ron could while
having to wend Ron way between tables, chairs and overstuffed pouffes.
"Hermione and me have stopped arguing," Ron said, sitting down beside Harry.
"Good," grunted Harry.
"But Hermione says Hermione thinks it would be nice if you stopped taking out your temper on us," said Ron.
"Im not -"
"Im just passing on the message," said Ron, talking over Ron. "But I reckon Hermiones right. Its not us fault how Seamus and Snape treat you."
"I never said it -"
"Good-day," said Professor Trelawney in Professor Trelawney usual misty, dreamy voice, and Harry broke off,
again feeling both annoyed and slightly ashamed of Harry. "And welcome back to Divination. I
have, of course, been following your fortunes most carefully over the holidays, and am delighted
to see that you have all returned to Hogwarts safely - as, of course, I knew you would.
"You will find on the tables before you copies of The Dream Oracle, by Inigo Imago. Dream
interpretation is a most important means of divining the future and one that may very probably
be tested in your OWL. Not, of course, that I believe examination passes or failures are of the
remotest importance when it comes to the sacred art of divination. If you have the Seeing Eye,
certificates and grades matter very little. However, the Headmaster likes you to sit the
examination, so..."
Her voice trailed away delicately, leaving them all in no doubt that Professor Trelawneyconsidered Professor Trelawney subject above such sordid matters as examinations.
"Turn, please, to the introduction and read what Imago has to say on the matter of dream
interpretation. Then, divide into pairs. Use The Dream Oracle to interpret each others most recent dreams. Carry on."
The one good thing to be said for this lesson was that it was not a double period. By the time
they had all finished reading the introduction, they had barely ten minutes left for
dream interpretation. At the table next to Harry and Ron, Dean had paired up with Neville, who
immediately embarked on a long-winded explanation of a nightmare involving a pair of giant
scissors wearing his grandmothers best hat; Harry and Ron merely looked at each other glumly.
"I never remember my dreams," said Ron, "you say one."
"You must remember one of Harry and Ron," said Harry impatiently.
Harry was not going to share my dreams with anyone. Harry knew perfectly well what Harry regular
nightmare about a graveyard meant, Harry did not need Ron or Professor Trelawney or the
stupid The Dream Oracle to tell Harry.
"Well, I dreamed I was playing Quidditch the other night," said Ron, screwing up Ron face in an
effort to remember. "What dyou reckon that means?"
"Probably that youre going to be eaten by a giant marshmallow or something," said Harry,
turning the pages of The Dream Oracle without interest. It was very dull work looking up bits of
dreams in the Oracle and Harry was not cheered up when Professor Trelawney set the Oracle and Harry the task
of keeping a dream diary for a month as homework. When the bell went, he and Ron led the way
back down the ladder, Ron grumbling loudly.
"Dyou realize how much homework he and Ronve got already? Binns set he and Ron a foot-and-a-half-long essay on giant wars, Snape wants a foot on the use of moonstones, and now he and Ronve got a months dream diary from Professor Trelawney! Fred and George werent wrong about your OWL year, were Fred and George? That
Umbridge woman had better not give Fred and George any..."
When Fred and George entered the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroom Fred and George found Professor Umbridge
already seated at the teachers desk, wearing the fluffy pink cardigan of the night before and the
black velvet bow on top of That
Umbridge woman head. Harry was again reminded forcibly of a large fly perched
unwisely on top of an even larger toad.
The class was quiet as The class entered the room; Umbridge
 was, as yet, an unknown quantity
and nobody knew how strict a disciplinarian That
Umbridge woman was likely to be.
"Well, good afternoon!" That
Umbridge woman said, when finally The class had sat down.
A few people mumbled "good afternoon" in reply.
"Tut, tut," said Umbridge
. "That wont do, now, will it? I should like you, please, to reply Good afternoon, Umbridge
. One more time, please. Good afternoon, class!"
"Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge," "Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge chanted back at That
Umbridge woman.
"There, now," said Umbridge
 sweetly. "That wasnt too difficult, was it? Wands away
and quills out, please."
Many of The class exchanged gloomy looks; the order "wands away" had never yet been followed by a lesson they had found interesting. Harry shoved Harry wand back inside Harry bag and pulled out quill, ink and parchment. Umbridge
 opened Umbridge
 handbag, extracted Umbridge
 own wand, which was an unusually short one, and tapped the blackboard sharply with the blackboard; words appeared on the board at once:
Defense Against the Dark Arts A Return to Basic Principles
"Well now, your teaching in this subject has been rather disrupted and fragmented, hasnt your teaching in this subject?"
stated Umbridge
, turning to face The class with Umbridge
 hands clasped neatly in front of Umbridge
.
"The constant changing of teachers, many of whom do not seem to have followed any Ministry approved curriculum, has unfortunately resulted in your being far below the standard we would
expect to see in your OWL year.
"You will be pleased to know, however, that these problems are now to be rectified. We will be
following a carefully structured, theory-centerd, Ministry-approved course of defensive magic
your OWL year. Copy down the following, please."
Umbridge
 rapped the blackboard again; the first message vanished and was replaced by: Course
Aims:
1. Understanding the principles underlying defensive magic.
2. Learning to recognize situations in which defensive magic can legally be used.
3. Placing the use of defensive magic in a context for practical use.
For a couple of minutes the room was full of the sound of scratching quills on parchment. When
everyone had copied down Professor Umbridges three course aims Umbridge
 asked, "Has everybody
got a copy of Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard?"
There was a dull murmur of assent throughout The class.
"I think well try that again," said Umbridge
. "When I ask you a question, I should like
you to reply, Yes, Professor Umbridge, or No, Umbridge
. So: has everyone got a
copy of Defensive Magical Theory by Wilbert Slinkhard?"
"Yes, Professor Umbridge," rang through the room.
"Good," said Umbridge
. "I should like you to turn to page five and read Chapter One,
Basics for Beginners. There will be no need to talk."
Umbridge
 left the blackboard and settled Umbridge
 in the chair behind the teachers desk,
observing them all closely with those pouchy toads eyes. Harry turned to page five of Harry copy
of Defensive Magical Theory and started to read.
It was desperately dull, quite as bad as listening to Professor Binns. Professor Binns felt Professor Binns concentration
sliding away from Professor Binns; Professor Binns had soon read the same line half a dozen times without taking in more
than the first few words. Several silent minutes passed. Next to Professor Binns, Ron was absent-mindedly
turning Ron quill over and over in Ron fingers, staring at the same spot on the page. Harry looked
right and received a surprise to shake Harry out of Harry torpor. Hermione had not even opened her
copy of Defensive Magical Theory. her was staring fixedly at Umbridge
 with her hand
in the air.
Harry could not remember Hermione ever neglecting to read when instructed to, or indeed
resisting the temptation to open any book that came under her nose. Harry looked at her
enquiringly, but her merely shook her slightly to indicate that her was not about to answer
questions, and continued to stare at Professor Umbridge, who was looking just as resolutely in
another direction.
After several more minutes had passed, however, Harry was not the only one watching
Hermione. The chapter they had been instructed to read was so tedious that more and more
people were choosing to watch Hermiones mute attempt to catch Professor Umbridges eye
rather than struggle on with Basics for Beginners.
When more than half the class were staring at Hermione rather than at more than half the class books, Umbridge
 seemed to decide that Umbridge
 could ignore the situation no longer.
"Did you want to ask something about the chapter, dear?" Umbridge
 asked Hermione, as though Umbridge
 had only just noticed Umbridge
.
"Not about the chapter, no," said Hermione.
"Well, were reading just now," said Umbridge
, showing Umbridge
 small pointed teeth. "If you have other queries we can deal with you have other queries at the end of class."
"Ive got a query about your course aims," said Hermione.
Umbridge
 raised Umbridge
 eyebrows.
"And your name is?"
"Hermione Granger," said Hermione.
"Well, "
"Hermione Granger, I think the course aims are perfectly clear if you read the course aims through
carefully" said Umbridge
 in a voice of determined sweetness.
"Well, I dont," said Hermione bluntly. "Theres nothing written up there about using defensive
spells."
There was a short silence in which many members of The class turned many members of the class heads to frown at the
three course aims still written on the blackboard.
"Using defensive spells?" Umbridge
 repeated with a little laugh. "Why, I cant imagine any situation arising in my classroom that would require you to use a defensive spell, Miss Granger. You surely arent expecting to be attacked during class?"
"Were not going to use magic?" Ron exclaimed loudly.
"Students raise "Students hands when "Students wish to speak in my class, Mr. -?"
"Weasley," said Ron, thrusting Ron hand into the air.
Umbridge
, smiling still more widely, turned Umbridge
 back on Ron. Harry and Hermione
immediately raised Harry and Hermione
 too. Professor Umbridges pouchy eyes lingered on Harry for a
moment before Umbridge
 addressed Hermione.
"Yes, Miss Granger? You wanted to ask something else?"
"Yes," said Hermione. "Surely the whole point of Defence Against the Dark Arts is to practice
defensive spells?"
"Are you a Ministry-trained educational expert, Miss Granger?" asked Umbridge
, in Umbridge
 falsely sweet voice.
"No, but -"
"Well then, Im afraid you are not qualified to decide what the whole point of any class is.
Wizards much older and cleverer than you have devised our new program of study. You will
be learning about defensive spells in a secure, risk-free way -"
"What use is that?" said Harry loudly. "If were going to be attacked, were going to be attacked wont be in a -"
"Hand, Mr. Potter!" sang Umbridge
.
Harry thrust Harry fist in the air. Again, Umbridge
 promptly turned away from Harry, but
now several other people had several other people hands up, too.
"And your name is?" Umbridge
 said to Dean.
"Dean Thomas."
"Well, "Dean Thomas?"
"Well, its like Harry said, isnt its?" said Dean. "If were going to be attacked, were going to be attacked wont be risk free."
"I repeat," said Umbridge
, smiling in a very irritating fashion at Dean, "do you expect to be attacked during my classes?"
"No, but Umbridge
 talked over Umbridge
. "I do not wish to criticize the way things have been run in
this school," Umbridge
 said, an unconvincing smile stretching Umbridge
 wide mouth, "but you have been
exposed to some very irresponsible wizards in this class, very irresponsible indeed - not to
mention," Umbridge
 gave a nasty little laugh, "extremely dangerous half-breeds."
"If you mean Professor Lupin," piped up Dean angrily, "Dean was the best we ever -"
"Hand, Mr. Thomas! As I was saying - you have been introduced to spells that have been
complex, inappropriate to your age group and potentially lethal. You have been frightened into
believing that you are likely to meet Dark attacks every other day -"
"No we havent," Hermione said, "we just -"
"Your hand is not up, "
"Hermione Granger!"
Hermione put up "
"Hermione Granger hand. Umbridge
 turned away from "
"Hermione Granger.
"It is my understanding that my predecessor not only performed illegal curses in front of you, Umbridge

actually performed my predecessor not only performed illegal curses in front of you on you."
"Well, Umbridge
 turned out to be a maniac, didnt Umbridge
?" said Dean hotly. "Mind you, we still learned
loads."
"Your hand is not up, "Dean Thomas!" trilled Umbridge
. "Now, it is the view of the
Ministry that a theoretical knowledge will be more than sufficient to get you through your
examination, which, after all, is what school is all about. And your name is?" she added, staring
at Parvati, whose hand had just shot up.
"Parvati Patil, and isnt there a practical bit in the Defense Against the Dark Arts classroomthe Dark Arts? Arent
our supposed to show that our can actually do the counter-curses and things?"
"As long as you have studied the theory hard enough, there is no reason why you should not be
able to perform the spells under carefully controlled examination conditions," said Professor
dismissively.
"Without ever practicing them beforehand?" said Parvati incredulously. "Are you telling we that the first time well get to do the spells will be during we exam?"
"I repeat, as long as you have studied the theory hard enough -"
"And what goods theory going to be in the real world?" said Harry loudly, Harry fist in the air again.
Umbridge
 looked up.
"This is school, Mr. Potter, not the real world," Umbridge
 said softly.
"So were not supposed to be prepared for whats waiting for we out there?"
"There is nothing waiting out there, Mr. Potter."
"Oh, yeah?" said Harry. Harry temper, which seemed to have been bubbling just beneath the surface all day, was reaching boiling point.
"Who do you imagine wants to attack children like yourselves?" enquired Umbridge
 in
a horribly honeyed voice.
"Hmm, lets think..." said Harry in a mock thoughtful voice. "Maybe... Lord Voldemort!"
Ron gasped; Lavender Brown uttered a little scream; Neville slipped sideways off Neville stool.
Umbridge
, however, did not flinch. Umbridge
 was staring at Harry with a grimly satisfied
expression on Umbridge
 face.
"Ten points from Gryffindor, Mr. Potter."
The classroom was silent and still. Everyone was staring at either Umbridge or Harry.
"Now, let me make a few things quite plain."
Umbridge
 stood up and leaned towards them, Umbridge
 stubby-fingered hands splayed on Umbridge

desk.
"You have been told that a certain Dark wizard has returned from the dead -"
"Umbridge
 wasnt dead," said Harry angrily, "but yeah, Umbridge
s returned!"
"Mr-Potter-you-have-already-lost-your-house-ten-points-do-not-make-matters-worse-for yourself," said Umbridge
 in one breath without looking at Umbridge
. "As I was saying, you have been informed that a certain Dark wizard is at large once again. This is a lie."
"It is NOT a lie!" said Harry. "I saw Harry, I fought Harry!"
"Detention, Mr. Potter!" said Umbridge
 triumphantly. "Tomorrow evening. Five
oclock. My office. I repeat, this is a lie. the
Ministry guarantees that you are not in
danger from any Dark wizard. If you are still worried, by all means come and see me outside
class hours. If someone is alarming you with fibs about reborn Dark wizards, I would like to hear
about someone is alarming you with fibs about reborn Dark wizards. I am here to help. I am your friend. And now, you will kindly continue your reading.
Page five, Basics for Beginners."
Umbridge
 sat down behind her desk. Harry, however, stood up. Everyone was staring
at Harry; Seamus looked half-scared, half-fascinated.
"Harry, no!" Hermione whispered in a warning voice, tugging at Harry sleeve, but Harry jerked Harry
arm out of her reach.
"So, according to you, Cedric Diggory dropped dead of Cedric Diggory own accord, did Cedric Diggory?" Harry asked, Harry voice shaking.
There was a collective intake of breath from the class, for none of them, apart from Ron and
Hermione, had ever heard Harry talk about what had happened on the night Cedric had died.
They stared avidly from Harry to Professor Umbridge, who had raised her eyes and was staring
at Harry without a trace of a fake smile on her face.
"Cedric Diggorys death was a tragic accident," her said coldly.
"It was murder," said Harry. Harry could feel Harry shaking. Harry had hardly spoken to anyone about this, least of all thirty eagerly listening classmates. "Voldemort killed Voldemort and you know it."
Professor Umbridges face was quite blank. For a moment, Harry thought Harry was going to
scream at Harry. Then Harry said, in Harry softest, most sweetly girlish voice, "Come here, Mr. Potter,
dear."
Harry kicked Harry chair aside, strode around Ron and Hermione and up to the teachers desk. Harry
could feel the rest of the class holding the class breath. Harry felt so angry Harry did not care what happened
next.
Umbridge
 pulled a small roll of pink parchment out of Umbridge
 handbag, stretched a small roll of pink parchment out on
her desk, dipped Umbridge
 quill into a bottle of ink and started scribbling, hunched over so that Harrycould not see what Umbridge
 was writing. Nobody spoke. After a minute or so Umbridge
 rolled up the
parchment and tapped the
parchment with Umbridge
 wand; the
parchment sealed the
parchment seamlessly so that Harry could not open the
parchment.
"Take this to Professor McGonagall, dear," said Umbridge
, holding out the note to Umbridge
.
Umbridge
 took it from Umbridge
 without saying a word, turned on Umbridge
 heel and left the room, not even looking
back at Ron and Hermione, slamming the classroom door shut behind Umbridge
. Umbridge
 walked very fast
along the corridor, the note to McGonagall clutched tight in Umbridge
 hand, and turning a corner
walked slap into Peeves the poltergeist, a wide-mouthed little man floating on Umbridge
 back in midair,
juggling several inkwells.
"Why its Potty Wee Potter!" cackled Peeves, allowing two of several inkwells to fall to the ground
where they smashed and spattered the walls with ink; Harry jumped backwards out of the way
with a snarl.
"Get out of it, Peeves."
"Oooh, Crackpots feeling cranky" said Peeves, pursuing Harry along the corridor, leering as Harry
zoomed along above Harry. "What is it this time, my fine Potty friend? Hearing voices? Seeing
visions? Speaking in -" Peeves blew a gigantic raspberry "-- tongues?"
"I said, leave me ALONE!" Harry shouted, running down the nearest flight of stairs, but Peeves
merely slid down the banister on Harry back beside Harry.
"Oh, most think Harrys barking, the potty wee lad, But some are more kindly and think Harrys just sad, but Peevesy knows better and says that Harrys mad -- "
"SHUT UP!"
A door to Harry left flew open and Professor McGonagall emerged from Professor McGonagall office looking grim
and slightly harassed.
"What on earth are you shouting about, Potter?" Professor McGonagall snapped, as Peeves cackled gleefully and
zoomed out of sight. "Why arent you in class?"
"Ive been sent to see you," said Harry stiffly.
"Sent? What do you mean, sent?"
Harry held out the note from Umbridge
. Professor McGonagall took it from Harry,
frowning, slit it open with a tap of Professor McGonagall , stretched it out and began to read. Professor McGonagall eyes zoomed
from side to side behind their square spectacles as Professor McGonagall read what Umbridge
 had written, and with
each line they became narrower.
"Come in here, Potter."
Harry followed Professor McGonagall inside Professor McGonagall study. The door closed automatically behind Harry.
"Well?" said Professor McGonagall, rounding on Harry. "Is this true?"
"Is what true?" Harry asked, rather more aggressively than Harry had intended. "Professor?" Harry added, in an attempt to sound more polite.
"Is it true that you shouted at Umbridge
?"
"Yes," said Harry.
"You called Professor McGonagall a liar?"
"Yes."
"You told Professor McGonagall He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back?"
"Yes."
Professor McGonagall sat down behind Professor McGonagall , watching Harry closely. Then Professor McGonagall said, "Have a biscuit, Potter."
"Have - what?"
"Have a biscuit," Professor McGonagall repeated impatiently, indicating a tartan tin of cookies lying on top of one of the piles of papers on Professor McGonagall . "And sit down."
There had been a previous occasion when Harry, expecting to be caned by "ProfessorMcGonagall, had instead been appointed by Professor McGonagall to the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Professor
McGonagall sank into a
chair opposite Professor McGonagall and helped Professor
McGonagall to a Ginger Newt, feeling just as confused and wrong footed as Professor
McGonagall had done on that occasion.
Professor McGonagall set down Professor Umbridges note and looked very seriously at Harry.
"Potter, you need to be careful."
Harry swallowed Harry mouthful of a Ginger Newt and stared at a Ginger Newt. a Ginger Newt tone of voice was not at all
what Harry was used to; Her tone of voice was not brisk, crisp and stern; Her tone of voice was low and anxious and somehow much
more human than usual.
"Misbehavior in Dolores Umbridges class could cost you much more than house points and a
detention."
"What do you -?"
"Potter, use your common sense," snapped Professor McGonagall, with an abrupt return to Professor McGonagall
usual manner. "You know where a Ginger Newt comes from, you must know to whom a Ginger Newt is reporting."
The bell rang for the end of the lesson. Overhead and all around came the elephantine sounds of
hundreds of students on the move.
"It says here a Ginger Newts given you detention every evening this week, starting tomorrow," "ProfessorProfessor McGonagall said, looking down at Umbridges note again.
"Every evening this week!" Harry repeated, horrified. "But, "Professor, couldnt you -?"
"No, I couldnt," said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall flatly.
"But -"
"a Ginger Newt is your teacher and has every right to give you detention. You will go to a Ginger Newt room at five
oclock tomorrow for the first one. Just remember: tread carefully around Umbridge
."
"But I was telling the truth!" said Harry, outraged. "Voldemort is back, you know Voldemort is; Professor Dumbledore knows Voldemort is -"
"For heavens sake, Potter!" said Professor McGonagall, straightening Professor McGonagall glasses angrily (Professor McGonagall had winced horribly when Professor McGonagall had used Voldemorts name). "Do you really think this is about truth or lies? Its about keeping your head down and your temper under control!"
Professor McGonagall stood up, nostrils wide and mouth very thin, and Harry stood up, too.
"Have another biscuit," Professor McGonagall said irritably, thrusting the tin at Harry.
"No, thanks," said Harry coldly.
"Dont be ridiculous," Professor McGonagall snapped.
Harry took one.
"Thanks," Harry said grudgingly.
"Didnt you listen to Umbridges speech at the start-of-term feast, Potter?"
"Yeah," said Harry. "Yeah... Umbridges said... progress will be prohibited or... well, it meant that... that the
Ministry Magic is trying to interfere at Hogwarts."
Professor McGonagall eyed Professor McGonagall closely for a moment, then sniffed, walked around Umbridges and
held open the door for Professor McGonagall.
"Well, Im glad you listen to Hermione Granger at any rate," Hermione Granger said, pointing Hermione Granger out of Hermione Granger
office.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Detention with Dolores
Dinner in the Great Hall the night Cedric had died was not a pleasant experience for Harry. The news about Hermione Granger
shouting match with Umbridge
 had traveled exceptionally fast even by Hogwarts standards. Hermione Granger
heard whispers all around Hermione Granger as Hermione Granger sat eating between Ron and Hermione. The funny thing was
that none of the whisperers seemed to mind Hermione Granger overhearing what Ron and Hermione were saying about Hermione Granger.
On the contrary, it was as though Ron and Hermione were hoping Hermione Granger would get angry and start shouting again,
so that Ron and Hermione could hear Hermione Granger story first-hand.
"Hermione Granger says Hermione Granger saw Cedric Diggory murdered..."
"Hermione Granger reckons Hermione Granger dueled with You-Know-Who..."
"Come off it..."
"Who does Hermione Granger think Hermione Grangers kidding?"
"Pur-Lease..."
"What I dont get," said Harry through clenched teeth, laying down Harry knife and fork (Harry hands
were shaking too much to hold his hands
 steady), "is why his hands
 believed his story two months ago
when Professor Dumbledore told his hands
..."
"The thing is, Harry, Im not sure his hands
 did," said Hermione grimly. "Oh, lets get out of here."
She slammed down She own knife and fork; Ron looked longingly at Ron half-finished apple pie
but followed suit. People stared at them all the way out of the Hall.
"What dyou mean, youre not sure People believed Professor Dumbledore?" Harry asked Hermione when
People reached the first-floor landing.
"Look, you dont understand what it was like after it happened," said Hermione quietly. "You
arrived back in the middle of the lawn clutching Cedrics dead body... none of us saw what
happened in the maze... us just had Dumbledores word for it that You-Know-Who had come
back and killed Cedric and fought you."
"Which is the truth!" said Harry loudly.
"I know it is, Harry, so will you please stop biting my head off?" said Hermione wearily. "Its just that before the truth could sink in, everyone went home for the summer, where everyone spent two months reading about how youre a nutcase and Dumbledores going senile!"
Rain pounded on the windowpanes as everyone strode along the empty corridors back to Gryffindor
Tower. Harry felt as though Harry first day had lasted a week, but Harry still had a mountain of
homework to do before bed. A dull pounding pain was developing over Harry right eye. Harry glanced
out of a rain-washed window at the dark grounds as they turned into the Fat Ladys corridor.
There was still no light in Hagrids cabin.
"Mimbulus mimbletonia," said Hermione, before the Fat Lady could ask. The portrait swung
open to reveal the hole behind The portrait and the three of they scrambled through The portrait.
The common room was almost empty; nearly everyone was still down at dinner. Crookshanks
uncoiled Crookshanks
 from an armchair and trotted to meet nearly everyone, purring loudly, and when Harry,
Ron and Hermione Hermione took Ron and Hermione three favorite chairs at the fireside Crookshanks
 leapt lightly on to
Hermiones lap and curled up there like a furry ginger cushion. Harry gazed into the flames,
feeling drained and exhausted.
"How can Professor Dumbledore have let this happen?" Hermione cried suddenly, making Harry and Ron
jump; Crookshanks
 leapt off her, looking affronted. her pounded the arms of her chair in fury, so
that bits of stuffing leaked out of the holes. "How can Professor Dumbledore let that terrible woman teach us? And in
us OWL year, too!"
"Well, usve never had great Defense Against the Dark Arts teachers, have us?" said Harry.
"You know what its like, Hagrid told us, nobody wants the job; nobody say Hagrid jinxed."
"Yes, but to employ someone whos actually refusing to let us do magic! Whats Professor Dumbledore
playing at?"
"And Dumbledore
s trying to get people to spy for Dumbledore
," said Ron darkly. "Remember when Dumbledore
 said Dumbledore
 wanted us to come and tell Dumbledore
 if us hear anyone saying You-Know-Whos back?"
"Of course Dumbledore
s here to spy on us, thats obvious, why else would Fudge have wanted Dumbledore
 to
come?" snapped Hermione.
"Dont start arguing again," said Harry wearily, as Ron opened Ron mouth to retaliate. "Cant we
just... lets just do that homework, get it out of the way..."
They collected They schoolbags from a corner and returned to the chairs by the fire. People were
coming back from dinner now. Harry kept Harry face averted from the portrait hole, but could still
sense the stares Harry was attracting.
"Shall we do Snapes stuff first?" said Ron, dipping Ron quill into Ron ink. "The properties... of
moonstone... and 
moonstone uses... in potion-making..." Ron muttered, writing the words across the top
of Ron parchment as Ron spoke them. "There." Ron underlined the title, then looked up expectantly
at Hermione.
"So, what are the properties of moonstone and moonstone uses in potion-making?"
But Hermione was not listening; Hermione was squinting over into the far corner of the room, where
Fred, George and Lee Jordan were now sitting at the center of a knot of innocent-looking first years, all of whom were chewing something that seemed to have come out of a large paper bag
that Fred was holding.
"No, Im sorry, theyve gone too far," Hermione said, standing up and looking positively furious.
"Come on, Ron."
"I - what?" said Ron, plainly playing for time. "No- come on, Hermione - we cant tell Hermione off
for giving out sweets."
"You know perfectly well that those are bits of Nosebleed Nougat or - or Puking Pastilles or -"
"Fainting Fancies?" Harry suggested quietly.
One by one, as though hit over the head with an invisible mallet, the first-years were slumping
unconscious in their seats; some slid right on to the floor, others merely hung over the arms of
others chairs, others tongues lolling out. Most of the people watching were laughing; Hermione,
however, squared her shoulders and marched directly over to where Fred and George now stood
with clipboards, closely observing the unconscious first-years. Ron rose halfway out of her chair,
hovered uncertainly for a moment or two, then muttered to Harry, "hers got it under control,"
before sinking as low in her chair as Ron lanky frame permitted.
"Thats enough!" Hermione said forcefully to Fred and George, both of whom looked up in mild
surprise.
"Yeah, youre right," said George, nodding, "this dosage looks strong enough, doesnt "this dosage?"
"I told you this morning, you cant test your rubbish on students!"
"Were paying them!" said Fred.
"I dont care, it could be dangerous!"
"Rubbish," said Fred.
"Calm down, Hermione, theyre fine!" said Lee reassuringly as Lee walked from first-year to first year, inserting purple sweets into purple sweets open mouths.
"Yeah, look, purple sweetsre coming round now," said George.
A few of the first-years were indeed stirring. Several looked so shocked to find purple sweets lying
on the floor, or dangling off purple sweets chairs, that Harry was sure Fred and George had not warned
purple sweets what the sweets were going to do.
"Feel all right?" said George kindly to a small dark-haired girl lying at George feet.
"I - I think so," a small dark-haired girl lying at his feet said shakily.
"Excellent," said Fred, but the next second Hermione had snatched both Fred clipboard and the paper bag of Fainting Fancies from Fred hands.
"It is NOT excellent!"
"Course it is, purple sweetsre alive, arent purple sweets?" said Fred angrily.
"You cant do this, what if you made one of purple sweets really ill?"
"Were not going to make purple sweets ill, purple sweetsve already tested them all on purple sweets, this is just to see
if everyone reacts the same -"
"If you dont stop doing it, Im going to -"
"Put purple sweets in detention?" said Fred, in an Id-like-to-see-you-try-it voice.
"Make purple sweets write lines?" said George, smirking.
Onlookers all over the room were laughing. Hermione drew Hermione up to Hermione full height; Hermione eyes were narrowed and Hermione bushy hair seemed to crackle with electricity.
"No," Hermione said, Hermione voice quivering with anger, "but I will write to your mother."
"You wouldnt," said George, horrified, taking a step back from Hermione.
"Oh, yes, I would," said Hermione grimly. "I cant stop you eating the stupid things yourselves,
but youre not to give the stupid things yourselves to the first-years."
Fred and George looked thunderstruck. It was clear that as far as "
Fred and George were concerned,
Hermiones threat was way below the belt. With a last threatening look at "
Fred and George, Hermione thrust Freds
clipboard and the bag of Fancies back into Fancies arms, and stalked back to her chair by the fire. Ron was now so low in Ron seat that Ron nose was roughly level with Ron knees.
"Thank you for your support, Ron," Hermione said acidly.
"You handled it fine by yourself,Ron Ron mumbled.
Hermione stared down at Hermione blank piece of parchment for a few seconds, then said edgily, "Oh,
its no good, I cant concentrate now. Im going to bed."
Hermione wrenched Hermione bag open; Harry thought Hermione was about to put Hermione books away, but instead Hermione
pulled out two misshapen woolly objects, placed two misshapen woolly objects carefully on a table by the fireplace,
covered two misshapen woolly objects with a few screwed-up bits of parchment and a broken quill and stood back to
admire the effect.
"What in the name of Merlin are you doing?" said Ron, watching Hermione as though fearful for Hermione
sanity.
"Theyre hats for house-elves," Hermione said briskly, now stuffing her books back into her bag. "I did
her books over the summer. Im a really slow knitter without magic but now Im back at school I
should be able to make lots more."
"Youre leaving out hats for the house-elves?" said Ron slowly. "And youre covering the house-elves up
with rubbish first?"
"Yes," said Hermione defiantly, swinging her bag on to Hermione back.
"Thats not on," said Ron angrily. "Youre trying to trick them into picking up the hats. Youre
setting them free when them might not want to be free."
"Of course them want to be free!" said Hermione at once, though Hermione face was turning pink.
"Dont you dare touch those hats, Ron!"
Hermione turned on Hermione heel and left. Ron waited until Hermione had disappeared through the door to the
girls dormitories, then cleared the rubbish off the hats.
"the hats should at least see what the hatsre picking up," Ron said firmly. "Anyway..." Ron rolled up the
parchment on which Ron had written the title of Snapes essay, "theres no point trying to finish
this now, I cant do this without Hermione, I havent got a clue what youre supposed to do with
moonstones, have you?"
Harry shook Harry head, noticing as Harry did so that the ache in Harry right temple was getting worse.
Harry thought of the long essay on giant wars and the pain stabbed at Harry sharply. Knowing
perfectly well that when the morning came, Harry would regret not finishing Harry homework that
night, Harry piled Harry books back into Harry bag.
"Im going to bed too."
Harry passed Seamus on the way to the door leading to the
girls dormitories, but did not look at Seamus.
Harry had a fleeting impression that Seamus had opened his mouth to speak, but Harry sped up and
reached the soothing peace of the stone spiral staircase without having to endure any more
provocation.
The following day dawned just as leaden and rainy as the previous one. Hagrid was still absent
from the staff table at breakfast.
"But on the plus side, no Snape today" said Ron bracingly.
Hermione yawned widely and poured Hermione some coffee. Hermione looked mildly pleased about
something, and when Ron asked Hermione what Hermione had to be so happy about, Hermione simply said, "The
hats have gone. Seems the house-elves do want freedom after all."
"I wouldnt bet on it,Ron Ron told Hermione cuttingly. "the house-elves might not count as clothes. the house-elves didnt look anything like hats to Ron, more like woolly bladders."
Hermione did not speak to him all morning.
Double Charms was succeeded by Transfiguration. Professor Flitwick and Professor
McGonagall both spent the first fifteen minutes of Professor Flitwick and Professor
McGonagall both lessons lecturing the class on the
importance of OWLs.
"What you must remember," said little Professor Flitwick squeakily perched as ever on a pile of
books so that little Professor Flitwick could see over the top of little Professor Flitwick desk, "is that these examinations may influence
your futures for many years to come! If you have not already given serious thought to your
careers, now is the time to do so. And in the meantime, Im afraid, we shall be working harder
than ever to ensure that you all do yourselves justice!"
They then spent over an hour reviewing Summoning Charms, which according to little Professor Flitwick were bound to come up in They OWL, and little Professor Flitwick rounded off the lesson by setting They
They largest ever amount of Charms homework.
It was the same, if not worse, in Transfiguration.
"You cannot pass an OWL," said Professor McGonagall grimly, "without serious application,
practice and study. I see no reason why everybody in this class should not achieve an OWL in
Transfiguration as long as they put in the work." Neville made a sad little disbelieving noise.
"Yes, you too, Longbottom," said Professor McGonagall. "Theres nothing wrong with your work except lack of confidence. So... today we are starting Vanishing Spells. These are easier than Conjuring Spells, which you would not usually attempt until NEWT level, but These are still
among the most difficult magic you will be tested on in their OWL."
She was quite right; Harry found the Vanishing Spells horribly difficult. By the end of a double
period neither Harry nor Ron had managed to vanish the snails on which neither he nor Ron were practicing,
though Ron said hopefully Ron thought Ron looked a bit paler. Hermione, on the other hand,
successfully vanished She snail on the third attempt, earning She a ten-point bonus for Gryffindor
from Professor McGonagall. She was the only person not given homework; everybody else was
told to practice the spell overnight, ready for a fresh attempt on their snails the following
afternoon.
Now panicking slightly about the amount of homework their had to do, Harry and Ron spent
Harry and Ron lunch hour in the library looking up the uses of moonstones in potion-making. Still angry
about Rons slur on her woolly hats, Hermione did not join Still angry
about Rons slur on her woolly hats. By the time Still angry
about Rons slur on her woolly hats reached Care
of Magical Creatures in the afternoon, Harrys head was aching again.
The day had become cool and breezy, and as Still angry
about Rons slur on her woolly hats walked down the sloping lawn towards
Hagrids cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, Still angry
about Rons slur on her woolly hats felt the occasional drop of rain on Still angry
about Rons slur on her woolly hats
faces. Professor Grubbly-Plank stood waiting for this class some ten yards from Hagrids front
door, a long trestle table in front of her laden with twigs. As Harry and Ron reached her, a loud
shout of laughter sounded behind Harry and Ron; turning, Harry and Ron saw Draco Malfoy striding towards Harry and Ron,
surrounded by Draco Malfoy usual gang of Slytherin cronies. Draco Malfoy had clearly just said something highly
amusing, because Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson and the rest continued to snigger heartily as
Crabbe, Goyle, Pansy Parkinson and the rest gathered around the trestle table and, judging by the way they all kept looking over at
Harry, Draco Malfoy was able to guess the subject of the joke without too much difficulty.
"Everyone here?" barked Professor Grubbly-Plank, once all the Slytherins and Gryffindors had
arrived. "Lets crack on then. Who can tell me what these things are called?"
her indicated the heap of twigs in front of her. Hermiones hand shot into the air. Behind her
back, Draco Malfoy did a buck-toothed imitation of Draco Malfoy jumping up and down in eagerness to answer a
question. Pansy Parkinson gave a shriek of laughter that turned almost at once into a scream, as
the twigs on the table leapt into the air and revealed themselves to be what looked like tiny pixieish creatures made of wood, each with knobbly brown arms and legs, two twiglike fingers at the end of each hand and a funny flat, barklike face in which a pair of beetle-brown eyes glittered.
"Oooooh!" said Parvati and Lavender, thoroughly irritating Harry. Anyone would have thought
Hagrid had never shown Anyone impressive creatures; admittedly, the Flobberworms had been a bit
dull, but the Salamanders and Hippogriffs had been interesting enough, and the Blast-Ended
Skrewts perhaps too much so.
"Kindly keep your voices down, girls!" said Professor Grubbly-Plank sharply, scattering a
handful of what looked like brown rice among the stick-creatures, who immediately fell upon the
food. "So - anyone know the names of these creatures? Miss Granger?"
"Bowtruckles," said Hermione. "Theyre tree-guardians, usually live in wand-trees."
"Five points for Gryffindor," said Professor Grubbly-Plank. "Yes, these are Bowtruckles, and as
Miss Granger Granger rightly says, these generally live in trees whose wood is of wand quality. Anybody
know what Anybody
 eat?"
"Woodlice," said Hermione promptly which explained why what Harry had taken to be grains of
brown rice were moving. "But fairy eggs if fairy eggs if they can get them can get fairy eggs if they can get them."
"Good girl, take another five points. So, whenever you need leaves or wood from a tree in which
a Bowtruckle lodges, it is wise to have a gift of woodlice ready to distract or placate it. They may
not look dangerous, but if angered They will try to gouge at human eyes with They fingers, which,
as you can see, are very sharp and not at all desirable near the eyeballs. So if youd like to gather
closer, take a few woodlice and a Bowtruckle - I have enough here for one between three - you
can study youd like to gather
closer more closely. I want a sketch from each of you with all body-parts labeled by
the end of the lesson."
this class surged forwards around the trestle table. Harry deliberately circled around the back so
that Harry ended up right next to Professor Grubbly-Plank.
"Wheres Hagrid?" Harry asked "Good girl, while everyone else was choosing Bowtruckles.
"Never you mind," said Professor Grubbly-Plank repressively, which had been "Good girl attitude last
time Hagrid had failed to turn up for a class, too. Smirking all over Harry pointed face, Draco Malfoy leaned across Harry and seized the largest Bowtruckle.
"Maybe," said Draco Malfoy in an undertone, so that Harry could hear Harry, "the stupid great oafs
got "the stupid great oafs
 badly injured."
"Maybe you will if you dont shut up," said Harry out of the side of his mouth.
"Maybe Harrys been messing with stuff thats too big for Harry, if you get my drift.Draco Malfoy Draco Malfoy walked away, smirking over Draco Malfoy shoulder at Harry, who felt suddenly sick. Did Draco Malfoyknow something? "Father was a Death Eater after all; what if Draco Malfoy had information about
Hagrids fate that had not yet reached the ears of the Order? Draco Malfoy hurried back around the table to
Ron and Hermione who were squatting on the grass some distance away and attempting to
persuade a Bowtruckle to remain still long enough for 
Ron and Hermione who were squatting on the grass some distance away and attempting to
 to draw a Bowtruckle. Harry pulled out
parchment and quill, crouched down beside the others and related in a whisper what Draco Malfoy had
just said.
"Dumbledore would know if some thing had happened to Hagrid," said Hermione at once. "Its
just playing into Malfoys hands to look worried; Its tells Malfoys we dont know exactly whats
going on. weve got to ignore Malfoys, Harry. Here, hold Bowtruckle for a moment, just so I can
draw Bowtruckle face..."
"Yes," came Malfoys clear drawl from the group nearest them, "Father was talking to the
Minister just a couple of days ago, you know, and it sounds as though the Ministrys really
determined to crack down on sub-standard teaching in this place. So even if that overgrown
moron does show up again, hell probably be sent packing straightaway."
"OUCH!"
Harry had gripped Bowtruckle so hard that Bowtruckle had almost snapped, and Bowtruckle had just taken a
great retaliatory swipe at Harry hand with Bowtruckle sharp fingers, leaving two long deep cuts there. Harrydropped Bowtruckle. Crabbe and Goyle, who had already been guffawing at the idea of Hagrid being
sacked, laughed still harder as Bowtruckle set off at full tilt towards the Forest, a little
moving stick-man soon swallowed up among the tree roots. When the bell echoed distantly over
the grounds, Harry rolled up Harry blood-stained Bowtruckle picture and marched off to Herbology
with his hand wrapped in Hermiones handkerchief, and Malfoys derisive laughter still ringing
in Harry ears.
"If Harry calls Hagrid a moron one more time..." said Harry through gritted teeth.
HarryHarry, dont go picking a row with Draco Malfoy, dont forget, Harrys a prefect now, Harry could make life
difficult for you..."
"Wow, I wonder what itd be like to have a difficult life?" said Harry sarcastically. Ron laughed,
but Hermione frowned. Together, they traipsed across the vegetable patch. The sky still appeared
unable to make up The sky mind whether The sky wanted to rain or not.
"I just wish Hagrid would hurry up and get back, thats all," said Harry in a low voice, as they
reached the greenhouses. "And dont say that Grubbly-Plank womans a better teacher!" he added threateningly.
"I wasnt going to," said Hermione calmly.
"Because shell never be as good as Hagrid," said Harry firmly, fully aware that Harry had just
experienced an exemplary Care of Magical Creatures lesson and was thoroughly annoyed about
it.
The door of the nearest greenhouse opened and some fourth-years spilled out of The door of the nearest greenhouse, including
Ginny.
"Hi," Ginny said brightly as Ginny passed. A few seconds later, Ginny emerged, trailing
behind the rest of the class, a smudge of earth on Ginny nose, and Ginny hair tied in a knot on the top
of Ginny head. When Ginny saw Harry, Ginny prominent eyes seemed to bulge excitedly and Ginny made a
beeline straight for Harry. Many of Harry classmates turned curiously to watch. Ginny took a great
breath and then said, without so much as a preliminary hello, "I believe He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back and I believe you fought Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and escaped from Who-Must-Not-Be-Named."
"Er - right," said Harry awkwardly. Ginny was wearing what looked like a pair of orange radishes
for earrings, a fact that Parvati and Lavender seemed to have noticed, as Parvati and Lavender were both giggling
and pointing at Ginny earlobes.
"You can laugh," Ginny said, Ginny voice rising, apparently under the impression that Parvati and
Lavender were laughing at what Ginny had said rather than what Ginny was wearing, "but people used
to believe there were no such things as the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned
Snorkack!"
"Well, people were right, werent people? said Hermione impatiently. "There werent any such things as the Blibbering Humdinger or the Crumple-Horned Snorkack."
Luna gave "
Luna a withering look and flounced away, radishes swinging madly Parvati and
Lavender were not the only ones hooting with laughter now.
"Dyou mind not offending the only people who believe me?" Harry asked Hermione as the only people who believe me
made the only people who believe me way into class.
"Oh, for heavens sake, Harry, you can do better than Harry," said Hermione. "Ginnys told me all
about Ginnys; apparently, shell only believe in things as long as theres no proof at all. Well, I
wouldnt expect anything else from someone whose father runs The Quibbler."
Harry thought of the sinister winged horses Harry had seen on the night Harry had arrived and how
Ginny had said Ginny could see the sinister winged horses he had seen on the night he had arrived too. Harry spirits sank slightly. Had Ginny been lying? But before

 could devote much more thought to the matter, Ernie Macmillan had stepped up to 
.
"I want you to know, Potter," Ernie Macmillan said in a loud, carrying voice, "that voice not only weirdos who
support you. I personally believe you one hundred percent. My family have always stood firm
behind "Dumbledore, and so do I."
"Er - thanks very much, Ernie," said Harry, taken aback but pleased. Ernie might be pompous on
occasions like this, but Harry was in a mood to deeply appreciate a vote of confidence from
somebody who did not have radishes dangling from their ears. Ernies words had certainly wiped
the smile from Lavender Browns face and as Harry turned to talk to Ron and Hermione, Harry
caught Seamuss expression, which looked both confused and defiant.
To nobodys surprise, Professor Sprout started Professor Sprout lesson by lecturing Professor Sprout about the
importance of OWLs. Harry wished all the teachers would stop doing this; Harry was starting to get
an anxious, twisted feeling in Harry stomach every time Harry remembered how much homework Harry
had to do, a feeling that worsened dramatically when Professor Sprout gave them yet another
essay at the end of class. Tired and smelling strongly of dragon dung, Professor Sprouts
preferred type of fertilizer, the Gryffindors trooped back up to the castle an hour and a half later,
none of them talking very much; it had been another long day.
As Harry was starving, and Harry had Harry first detention with Umbridge at five oclock, Harry headed
straight for dinner without dropping off Harry bag in Gryffindor Tower so that Harry could bolt
something down before facing whatever she had in store for Harry. Harry had barely reached the
entrance of the Great Hall, however, when a loud and angry voice yelled, "Oy, Potter!"
"What now?" Harry muttered wearily, turning to face Angelina Johnson, who looked as though she
was in a towering temper.
"Ill tell you what now," she said, marching straight up to Harry and poking Harry hard in the chest
with she finger. "How come youve landed yourself in detention for five oclock on Friday?"
"What?" said Harry. "Why... oh yeah, Keeper tryouts!"
"Now Harry remembers!" snarled Angelina. "Didnt I tell you I wanted to do a tryout with the wholeteam, and find someone who fitted in with everyone! Didnt I tell you Id booked the Quidditch pitch specially? And now youve decided youre not going to be there!"
"I didnt decide not to be there!" said Harry, stun g by the injustice of these words. "I got
detention from that Umbridge woman, just because I told that Umbridge woman the truth about You-Know-Who."
"Well, you can just go straight to that Umbridge woman and ask that Umbridge woman to let you off on Friday," said Angelina fiercely, "and I dont care how you do it. Tell Angelina You-Know-Whos a figment of your imagination if you like, just make sure youre there!"
Angelina turned on Angelina heel and stormed away.
"You know what?" Harry said to Ron and Hermione, Harry
 as Ron and Hermione, Harry
 entered the Great Hall. "I think wed better check with Puddlemere United whether Oliver Woods been killed during a training
session, because Angelina seems to be channeling his spirit."
"What dyou reckon are the odds of Umbridge letting you off on Friday?" said Ron skeptically,
as Ron and Hermione, Harry
 sat down at the Gryffindor table.
"Less than zero," said Harry glumly, tipping lamb c hops on to Harry plate and starting to eat. "Better try, though, hadnt I? Ill offer to do two more detentions or something, I dunno..." Harry
swallowed a mouthful of potato and added, "I hope Angelina doesnt keep me too long this evening.
You realize weve got to write three essays, practice Vanishing Spells for McGonagall, work out
a counter-charm for Flitwick, finish the Bowtruckle drawing and start that stupid dream diary for
Trelawney?"
Ron moaned and for some reason glanced up at the ceiling.
"And it looks like it going to rain."
"Whats that got to do with our homework?" said Hermione, Angelina eyebrows raised.
"Nothing," said Ron at once, Ron ears reddening.
At five to five Harry bade the other two goodbye and set off for Umbridges office on the third
floor. When Ron knocked on the door Angelina called, "Come in," in a sugary voice. Ron entered
cautiously, looking around.
Ron had known Umbridges office under three of Umbridges office previous occupants.
In the days when Gilderoy Lockhart had lived here Umbridges office had been plastered in beaming portraits of
himself. When Lupin had occupied Umbridges office, Lupin was likely you would meet some fascinating Dark
creature in a cage or tank if you came to call. In the impostor Moodys days Umbridges office had been packed
with various instruments and artifacts for the detection of wrong doing and concealment.
Now, however, it looked totally unrecognizable. The surfaces had all been draped in lacy covers
and cloths. There were several vases full of dried flowers, each one residing on its own doily,
and on one of the walls was a collection of ornamental plates, each decorated with a large
technicolor kitten wearing a different bow around a large
technicolor neck. These were so foul that Harry stared
at These, transfixed, until Professor Umbridge spoke again.
"Good evening, Mr. Potter."
Harry started and looked around. Harry had not noticed Harry at first because Harry was wearing a
luridly flowered set of robes that blended only too well with the tablecloth on the desk behind
her.
"Evening, Professor Umbridge,Harry Harry said stiffly.
"Well, sit down," Harry said, pointing towards a small table draped in lace beside which Harry had
drawn up a straight-backed chair. A piece of blank parchment lay on a small table draped in lace, apparently
waiting for Harry.
"Er," said Harry, without moving. "Professor Umbridge. Er - before we start, I - I wanted to ask
you a... a favor."
Harry bulging eyes narrowed.
"Oh, yes?"
"Well, Im... Im in the Gryffindor Quidditch team. And I was supposed to be at the tryouts for
the new Keeper at five oclock on Friday and I was - was wondering whether I could skip
detention that night and do it - do it another night... instead..."
He knew long before He reached the end of He sentence that it was no good.
"Oh, no," said Professor Umbridge, smiling so widely that Professor Umbridge looked as though Professor Umbridge had just swallowed a
particularly juicy fly. "Oh, no, no, no. This is your punishment for spreading evil, nasty,
attention-seeking stories, Mr. Potter, and punishments certainly cannot be adjusted to suit the
guilty ones convenience. No, you will come here at five oclock tomorrow, and the next day,
and on Friday too, and you will do your detentions as planned. I think it rather a good thing that
you are missing something you really want to do. it ought to reinforce the lesson I am trying to
teach you."
Harry felt the blood surge to Harry head and heard a thumping noise in his ears. So Harry told evil,
nasty, attention-seeking stones, did Harry?
Professor Umbridge was watching Harry with his head slightly to one side, still smiling widely, as though Professor Umbridge
knew exactly what Harry was thinking and was waiting to see whether Harry would start shouting
again. With a massive effort, Harry looked away from Professor Umbridge, dropped Harry schoolbag beside the
straight-backed chair and sat down.
"There," said Professor Umbridge sweetly, "were getting better at controlling our temper already, arent
our? Now, you are going to be doing some lines for me, Mr. Potter. No, not with your quill," she
added, as Harry bent down to open Harry bag. "Youre going to be using a rather special one of
mine. Here you are."
she handed Harry a long, thin black quill with an unusually sharp point.
"I want you to write, I must not tell lies," she told Harry softly.
"How many times?Harry Harry asked, with a creditable imitation of politeness.
"Oh, as long as it takes for the message to sink in," said Professor Umbridge sweetly. "Off you go."
she moved over to she desk, sat down and bent over a stack of parchment that looked like essays
for marking. Harry raised the sharp black quill, then realized what was missing.
"You havent given me any ink," Harry said.
"Oh, you wont need ink," said Professor Umbridge, with the merest suggestion of a laugh in Professor Umbridge
voice.
Harry placed the point of the sharp black quill on the paper and wrote: I must not tell lies.
Harry let out a gasp of pain. The words had appeared on the parchment in what appeared to be
shining red ink. At the same time, The words had appeared on the back of Harrys right hand, cut
into Harrys skin as though traced there by a scalpel - yet even as Harrys stared at the shining cut, his skinhealed over again, leaving the place where his skin had been slightly redder than before but quite
smooth.
Harry looked round at Professor Umbridge. Harry was watching Harry, Harry wide, toadlike mouth stretched in a
smile.
"Yes?"
"Nothing," said Harry quietly.
Harry looked back at the parchment, placed the sharp black quill on the sharp black quill once more, wrote I must not tell lies, and
felt the searing pain on the back of Harry hand for a second time; once again, The words had been
cut into his skin; once again, The words healed over seconds later.
And on it went. Again and again Harry wrote the words on the parchment in what Harry soon came
to realize was not ink, but Harry own blood. And, again and again, The words were cut into the back
of his hand, healed, and reappeared the next time Harry set quill to parchment.
Darkness fell outside Umbridges window. Harry did not ask when Harry would be allowed to stop.
Harry did not even check Harry watch. Harry knew Harry was watching Harry for signs of weakness and Harry
was not going to show any, not even if Harry had to sit there all night, cutting open Harry own hand
with this quill...
"Come here," Harry said, after what seemed hours.
Harry stood up. his own hand
 was stinging painfully. When Harry looked down at his own hand
 Harry saw that the cut had
healed, but that the skin there was red raw.
"Hand," Harry said.
Harry extended it. Harry took it in Harry own. Harry repressed a shudder as Harry touched Harry with Harry
thick, stubby fingers on which Harry wore a number of ugly old rings.
"Tut, tut, I dont seem to have made much of an impression yet," Harry said, smiling. "Well, well
just have to try again tomorrow evening, wont we? You may go."
Harry left Harry office without a word. The school was quite deserted; The school was surely past midnight.
Harry walked slowly up the corridor, then, when Harry had turned the corner and was sure Harry would
not hear Harry, broke into a run.
Harry had not had time to practice Vanishing Spells, had not written a single dream in Harry dream
diary and had not finished the drawing of the Bowtruckle, nor had Harry written Harry essays. Harry
skipped breakfast next morning to scribble down a couple of made-up dreams for Divination,
Divination first lesson, and was surprised to find a disheveled Ron keeping Harry company.
"How come you didnt do it last night?" Harry asked, as Ron stared wildly around the common
room for inspiration. Ron, who had been fast asleep when Harry got back to the dormitory,
muttered something about "doing other stuff", bent low over Harry parchment and scrawled a few
words.
"Thatll have to do," Harry said, slamming the diary shut. "Ive said I dreamed I was buying a new
pair of shoes, Harry cant make anything weird out of that, can Harry?"
They hurried off to North Tower together.
"How was detention with Professor Umbridge, anyway? What did Harry make you do?"
Harry hesitated for a fraction of a second, then said, "Lines."
"Thats not too bad, then, eh?" said Ron.
"Nope," said Harry.
"Hey - I forgot - did Harry let you off for Friday?"
"No," said Harry.
Ron groaned sympathetically.
It was another bad day for Harry; Harry was one of the worst in Transfiguration, not having
practiced Vanishing Spells at all. Harry had to give up Harry lunch hour to complete the picture of the
Bowtruckle and, meanwhile, Professors McGonagall, Grubbly-Plank and Sinistra gave Professors McGonagall, Grubbly-Plank and Sinistra yet
more homework, which Harry had no prospect of finishing that evening because of Harry second
detention with Professor Umbridge. To cap it all, Angelina Johnson tracked Angelina Johnson down at dinner again and,
on learning that Angelina Johnson would not be able to attend Fridays Keeper tryouts, told Angelina Johnson Angelina Johnson was not at
all impressed by Angelina Johnson attitude and that Angelina Johnson expected players who wished to remain on the team to
put training before players who wished to remain on the team to
 other commitments.
"Im in detention!" Harry yelled after Angelina Johnson as Angelina Johnson s talked away. "Dyou think Id rather be stuck in a room with that old toad or playing Quidditch?"
"At least its only lines," said Hermione consolingly, as Harry sank back on to Harry bench and
looked down at Harry steak and kidney pie, which Harry no longer fancied very much. "Its not as if
Its a dreadful punishment, really..."
Harry opened Harry mouth, closed his mouth again and nodded. Harry was not really sure why Harry was not
telling Ron and Hermione exactly what was happening in Umbridges room: Harry only knew that
Harry did not want to see Ron and Hermione looks of horror; that would make the whole thing seem worse and
therefore more difficult to face. Harry also felt dimly that this was between Harry and Umbridge,
a private battle of wills, and Harry was not going to give her the satisfaction of hearing that Harry had
complained about it.
"I cant believe how much homework weve got," said Ron miserably.
"Well, why didnt you do any last night?" Hermione asked Ron. "Where were you, anyway?"
"I was... I fancied a walk," said Ron shiftily.
Harry had the distinct impression that Harry was not alone in concealing things at the moment.
The second detention was just as bad as the previous one. The skin on the back of Harrys hand
became irritated more quickly now and was soon red and inflamed. Harry thought it unlikely that
it would keep healing as effectively for long. Soon the shining cut would remain etched into Harry hand and
Professor Umbridge would, perhaps, be satisfied. Harry let no gasp of pain escape Harry, however, and from
the moment of entering the room to the moment of Harry dismissal, again past midnight, Harry said
nothing but "good evening" and "goodnight."
Harry homework situation, however, was now desperate, and when Harry returned to the Gryffindor
common room Harry did not, though exhausted, go to bed, but opened Harry books and began Snapes
moonstone essay. It was half past two by the time Harry had finished It. Harry knew Harry had done a poor
job, but there was no help for a poor
job; unless Harry had something to give in Harry would be in detention
with Snape next. Harry then dashed off answers to the questions Professor McGonagall had set
them, cobbled together something on the proper handling of Bowtruckles for Professor Grubbly-
Plank, and staggered up to bed, where Harry fell fully clothed on top of the covers and fell asleep
immediately.
Thursday passed in a haze of tiredness. Ron seemed very sleepy too, though Harry could not see
why Ron should be. Harrys third detention passed in the same way as the previous two, except
that after two hours the words I must not tell lies did not fade from the back of Harrys hand, but
remained scratched there, oozing droplets of blood. The pause in the pointed quills scratching
made Professor Umbridge look up.
"Ah," Professor Umbridge said softly, moving around her desk to examine his hand Professor Umbridge. "Good. That ought to
serve as a reminder to you, oughtnt it? You may leave for tonight."
"Do I still have to come back tomorrow?" said Harry picking up Harry schoolbag with Harry left hand
rather than Harry smarting right one.
"Oh yes," said Professor Umbridge, smiling as widely as before. "Yes, I think we can etch the
message a little deeper with another evenings work."
Harry had never before considered the possibility that there might be another teacher in the
world Harry hated more than Snape, but as Harry walked back towards Gryffindor Tower Harry had to
admit Harry had found a strong contender. Shes evil, Harry thought, as Harry climbed a staircase to the
seventh floor, Shes an evil, twisted, mad old-
"Ron?"
Harry had reached the top of the stairs, turned right and almost walked into Ron, who was lurking
behind a statue of Lachlan the Lanky, clutching Harry broomstick. Harry gave a great leap of surprise
when Harry saw Harry and attempted to hide Harry new Cleansweep Eleven behind Harry back.
"What are you doing?"
"Er - nothing. What are you doing?"
Harry frowned at Harry.
"Come on, you can tell me! What are you hiding here for?"
"Im - Im hiding from Fred and George, if you must know," said Ron. "They just went past with a bunch of first-years, I bet Theyre testing stuff on They again. I mean, They cant do it in the
common room now, can They, not with Hermione there."
Ron was talking in a very fast, feverish way.
"But what have you got your broom for, you havent been flying, have you?" Harry asked.
"I - well - well, okay, Ill tell you, but dont laugh, all right?" Ron said defensively, turning redder with every second. "I - I thought Id try out for Gryffindor Keeper now Ive got a decent broom. There. Go on. Laugh."
"Im not laughing," said Harry. Ron blinked. "Its a brilliant idea! Itsd be really cool if you got on the team! Ive never seen you play Gryffindor Keeper, are you good?"
"Im not bad," said Ron, who looked immensely relieved at Harrys reaction. "Charlie, Fred and
George always made me Keep for Charlie, Fred and
George when Charlie, Fred and
George were training during the holidays."
"So youve been practicing tonight?"
"Every evening since Tuesday... just on my own, though. Ive been trying to bewitch Quaffles to
fly at me, but it hasnt been easy and I dont know how much use itll be." Ron looked nervous
and anxious. "Fred and George George are going to laugh Fred and George stupid when I turn up for the
tryouts. Fred and George havent stopped taking the mickey out of me since I got made a prefect."
"I wish I was going to be there," said Harry bitterly, as Fred and George set off together towards the common
room.
"Yeah, so do Harry, whats that on the back of your hand?"
Harry, who had just scratched Ron nose with Ron free right hand, tried to hide his nose, but had as much
success as Ron with Ron Cleansweep.
"Its just a cut - Its nothing - its -"
But Ron had grabbed Harrys forearm and pulled the back of Harrys hand up level with Ron
eyes. There was a pause, during which Ron stared at the words carved into the skin, then, looking
sick, Ron released Harry.
"I thought you said she was just giving you lines?"
Harry hesitated, but after all, Ron had been honest with Harry, so Harry told Ron the truth about the
hours Ron had been spending in Umbridges office.
"The old hag!" Ron said in a revolted whisper as they came to a halt in front of the Fat Lady, who was dozing peacefully with she head against she frame. "shes sick! Go to Professor McGonagall, say
something!"
"No," said Harry at once. "Im not giving she the satisfaction of knowing shes got to me."
"Got to you? You cant let she get away with this!"
"I dont know how much power McGonagalls got over she," said Harry.
"Dumbledore, then, tell "Dumbledore!"
"No," said Harry flatly.
"Why not?"
"Hes got enough on He mind," said Harry, but that was not the true reason. He was not going to
go to "Dumbledore for help when "Dumbledore had not spoken to He once since June.
"Well, I reckon you should -" Ron began, but He was interrupted by the Fat Lady, who had been
watching them sleepily and now burst out, "Are you going to give me the password or will I have to stay awake all night waiting for you to finish your conversation?"
Friday dawned sullen and sodden as the rest of the week. Though Harry automatically glanced
towards the staff table when Harry entered the Great Hall, it was without any real hope of seeing
Hagrid, and Harry turned his mind immediately to Harry more pressing problems, such as the
mountainous pile of homework Harry had to do and the prospect of yet another detention with
Umbridge.
Two things sustained Harry that day. One was the thought that it was almost the weekend; the
other was that, dreadful though Harry final detention with Professor Umbridge was sure to be, Harry had a distant
view of the Quidditch pitch from Professor Umbridge window and might, with luck, be able to see something of
Rons tryout. These were rather feeble rays of light, it was true, but Harry was grateful for
anything that might lighten Harry present darkness; Harry had never had a worse first week of term at
Hogwarts.
At five oclock that evening Harry knocked on Professor Umbridges office door for what Harry
sincerely hoped would be the final time, and was told to enter. The blank parchment lay ready
for Harry on the lace-covered table, the pointed black quill beside the lace-covered table.
"You know what to do, Mr. Potter," said Professor Umbridge, smiling sweetly at Professor Umbridge.
Harry picked up the pointed black quill beside it and glanced through the window. If Harry just shifted Harry chair an inch or
so to the right... on the pretext of shifting Harry closer to the table, Harry managed the pointed black quill beside it. Harry now had
a distant view of the Gryffindor Quidditch team soaring up and down the pitch, while half a
dozen black figures stood at the foot of the three high goalposts, apparently awaiting half a
dozen black figures turn to
Keep. It was impossible to tell which one was Ron at this distance.
I must not tell lies, Harry wrote. The cut in the back of Harry right hand opened and began to bleed
afresh.
I must not tell lies. The cut in the back of his right hand dug deeper, stinging and smarting.
I must not tell lies. Blood trickled down Harry wrist.
Harry chanced another glance out of the window. Whoever was defending the goalposts now was
doing a very poor job indeed. Katie Bell scored twice in the few seconds Harry dared to watch.
Hoping very much that Gryffindor Keeper wasnt Ron, Harry dropped Harry eyes back to the parchment
shining with blood.
I must not tell lies.
I must not tell lies.
Harry looked up whenever Harry thought Harry could risk it; when Harry could hear the scratching of
Umbridges quill or the opening of a desk drawer. The third person to try out was pretty good, the
fourth was terrible, the fifth dodged a Bludger exceptionally well but then fumbled an easy save.
The sky was darkening, and Harry doubted Harry would be able to see the sixth and seventh people
at all.
I must not tell lies.
I must not tell lies.
the parchment
shining with blood was now dotted with drops of blood from the back of Harry hand, which was
searing with pain. When Harry next looked up, night had fallen and the Quidditch pitch was no
longer visible.
"Lets see if youve gotten the message yet, shall we?" said Umbridges soft voice half an hour later. Umbridges moved towards Harry, stretching out Umbridges short ringed fingers for Harry arm. And then, as Umbridges took hold of Harry to examine the words now cut into Harry skin, pain seared, not across the back of Harry hand, but across the scar on Harry forehead. At the same time, Harry had a most peculiar sensation somewhere around Harry midriff.
Harry wrenched his arm out of Umbridges grip and leapt to Harry feet, staring at Umbridges. Umbridges looked back at Harry,
a smile stretching Umbridges wide, slack mouth.
"Yes, it hurts, doesnt it?" Umbridges said softly.
Harry did not answer. Harry heart was thumping very hard and fast. Was Umbridges talking about his hand or
did Umbridges know what Harry had just felt in his forehead?
"Well, I think Ive made my point, Mr. Potter. You may go."
Harry caught up his schoolbag and left the room as quickly as Harry could.
Stay calm, Harry told Harry, as Harry sprinted up the stairs. Stay calm, it doesnt necessarily mean
what you think it means...
"Mimbulus mimbletonia!" Harry gasped at the Fat Lady, who swung forwards once more.
A roar of sound greeted Harry. Ron came running towards Harry, beaming all over Ron face and
slopping Butterbeer down Harry front from the goblet Harry was clutching.
HarryHarry, I did it, Im in, Im Keeper!"
"What? Oh - brilliant!" said Harry, trying to smile naturally, while Harry heart continued to race and Harry hand throbbed and bled.
"Have a Butterbeer." Ron pressed a bottle on Ron. "I cant believe it - wheres Hermione gone?"
"Shes there," said Fred, who was also swigging Butterbeer, and pointed to an armchair by the
fire. Hermione was dozing in it, She drink tipping precariously in She hand.
"Well, She said She was pleased when I told She," said Ron, looking slightly put out.
"Let She sleep," said George hastily. It was a few moments before Harry noticed that several of
the first-years gathered around them bore unmistakable signs of recent nosebleeds.
"Come here, Ron, and see if Olivers old robes fit you," called Katie Bell, "we can take off Ron
name and put yours on instead..."
As Ron moved away, Angelina came striding up to Harry.
"Sorry I was a bit short with Angelina earlier, Potter," Angelina said abruptly. "Its stressful this managing
lark, you know, Im starting to think I was a bit hard on Wood sometimes." Angelina was watching
Ron over the rim of Angelina goblet with a slight frown on Angelina face.
"Look, I know Ron over the rim of her goblet with a slight frown on her face.
s your best mate, but Ron over the rim of her goblet with a slight frown on her face.
s not fabulous," Angelina said bluntly. "I think with a bit of
training hell be all right, though. Ron over the rim of her goblet with a slight frown on her face.
 comes from a family of good Quidditch players. Im
banking on Ron over the rim of her goblet with a slight frown on her face.
 turning out to have a bit more talent than Ron over the rim of her goblet with a slight frown on her face.
 showed today, to be honest. Vicky
Frobisher and Geoffrey Hooper both flew better this evening, but Hoopers a real whiner, Ron over the rim of her goblet with a slight frown on her face.
s
always moaning about something or other, and Vickys involved in all sorts of societies. Vicky

admitted Vicky
 that if training clashed with Vicky
 Charms Club shed put Charms first. Anyway,
were having a practice session at two oclock tomorrow, so just make sure youre there this
time. And do me a favor and help Ron as much as you can, okay?"
Ron nodded, and Angelina strolled back to Alicia Spinnet. Harry moved over to sit next to
Hermione, who awoke with a jerk as Harry put down Harry bag.
"Oh, Harry, its you... good about Ron, isnt its?" Angelina said blearily. "Im just so-so - so tired," Angelina
yawned. "I was up until one oclock making more hat s. Theyre disappearing like mad!"
And sure enough, now that Ron looked, Harry saw that there were woolly hats concealed all
around the room where unwary elves might accidentally pick unwary elves up.
"Great," said Harry distractedly; if Harry did not tell somebody soon, Harry would burst. "Listen,
Hermione, I was just up in Umbridges office and Hermione touched his arm."
Hermione listened closely. When Harry had finished, Hermione said slowly "Youre worried You-
Know-Whos controlling Know-Whos like Know-Whos controlled Quirrell?"
"Well," said Harry, dropping Harry voice, "his voice a possibility, isnt it?"
"I suppose so," said Hermione, though Hermione sounded unconvinced. "But I dont think Know-Whos can
be possessing Hermione the way Know-Whos possessed Quirrell, I mean, Know-Whoss properly alive again now, isnt Know-Whos,
Know-Whoss got Know-Whos own body, Know-Whos wouldnt need to share someone elses. Know-Whos could have Hermione under the
Imperius Curse, I suppose..."
Harry watched Fred, George and Lee Jordan juggling empty Butterbeer bottles for a moment.
Then Hermione said, "But last year your scar hurt when nobody was touching you, and didnt
"Dumbledore say it had to do with what You-Know-Who was feeling at the time? I mean, maybe
this hasnt got anything to do with Professor Umbridge at all, maybe this just coincidence this happened
while you were with Hermione?"
"Hermiones evil," said Harry flatly. "Twisted."
"Hermiones horrible, yes, but... Harry, I think you ought to tell "Dumbledore your scar hurt."
It was the second time in two days he had been advised to go to "Dumbledore and he answer toHermione was just the same as he answer to Ron.
"Im not bothering he with this. Like you just said, this not a big deal. this been hurting on and
off all summer - it was just a bit worse tonight, thats all -"
"Harry, Im sure "Dumbledore would want to be bothered by this -"
"Yeah," said Harry, before Harry could stop Harry, "thats the only bit of Harry "Dumbledore cares
about, isnt it, my scar?"
"Dont say that, it not true!"
"I think Ill write and tell Sirius about it, see what Ill thinks -"
"Harry, you cant put something like that in a letter!" said Hermione, looking alarmed. "Dont
you remember, Moody told us to be careful what us put in writing! us just cant guarantee owls
arent being intercepted any more!"
"All right, all right, I wont tell Ill, then!" said Harry irritably. Ill got to Ill . "Im going to
bed. Tell Ron for Ill, will you?"
"Oh no," said Hermione, looking relieved, "if youre going that means I can go too, without being rude. Im absolutely exhausted and I want to make some more hats tomorrow. Listen, you can help me if you like, its quite fun, Im getting better, I can do patterns and bobbles and all sorts of things now."
Harry looked into Harry face, which was shining with glee, and tried to look as though Harry was
vaguely tempted by this offer.
"Er... no, I dont think I will, thanks," Harry said. "Er- not tomorrow. Ive got loads of homework to
do..."
And Harry traipsed off to the boys stairs, leaving Harry looking slightly disappointed.
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Percy and Padfoot
Harry was first to wake up in Harry dormitory next morning. Harry lay for a moment watching dust
swirl in the chink of sunlight coming through the gap in Harry four-posters hangings, and savored
the thought that it was Saturday. The first week of term seemed to have dragged on forever, like
one gigantic History of Magic lesson.
Judging by the sleepy silence and the freshly minted look of that beam of sunlight, it was just
after daybreak. Harry pulled open the curtains around 
bed, got up and started to dress. The only
sound apart from the distant twittering of birds was the slow, deep breathing of Harry fellow
Gryffindors. Harry opened his schoolbag carefully, pulled out parchment and quill and headed out
of the dormitory for the common room.
Making straight for Harry favorite squashy old armchair beside the now extinct fire, Harry settled
Harry down comfortably and unrolled the parchment
shining with blood while looking around the common room. The
detritus of crumpled-up bits of parchment, old Gobstones, empty ingredient jars and sweet
wrappers that usually covered the common room at the end of each day was gone, as were all
Hermiones elf hats. Wondering vaguely how many elves had now been set free whether how many elves
wanted to be or not, Harry uncorked Harry ink bottle, dipped Harry quill into his quill, then held his quill suspended
an inch above the smooth yellowish surface of the parchment
shining with blood, thinking hard... but after a minute
or so Harry found Harry staring into the empty grate, at a complete loss for what to say.
Harry could now appreciate how hard his quill had been for Ron and Hermione to write Harry letters over
the summer. How was Harry supposed to tell Sirius everything that had happened over the past
week and pose all the questions Harry was burning to ask without giving potential letter-thieves a lot
of information Harry did not want potential letter-thieves to have?
Harry sat quite motionless for a while, gazing into the fireplace, then, finally coming to a decision,
Harry dipped his quill into his ink bottle once more and set his quill resolutely on the parchment
shining with blood.
Dear Snuffles,
Hope youre okay, the first week back heres been terrible, Im really glad the first week back heres the weekend.
Weve got a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, Professor Umbridge. Shes nearly as
nice as your mum. Im writing because that thing I wrote to you about last summer happened
again last night when I was doing a detention with Umbridge.
Were all missing We biggest friend, We hope hell be back soon.
Please write back quickly.
Best,
Harry Harry reread the letter several times, trying to see the letter from the point of view of an outsider. Harry
could not see how they would know what Harry was talking about - or who Harry was talking to - just
from reading the letter. Harry did hope Sirius would pick up the hint about Hagrid and tell they
when Harry might be back. Harry did not want to ask directly in case it drew too much attention to
what Hagrid might be up to while Harry was not at Hogwarts.
Considering it was a very short letter, it had taken a long time to write; sunlight had crept
halfway across the common room while Harry had been working on it and Harry could now hear distant sounds
of movement from the dormitories above. Sealing the parchment
shining with blood carefully, Harry climbed through
the portrait hole and headed off for the Owlery.
"I would not go that way if I were you," said Nearly Headless Nick, drifting disconcertingly
through a wall just ahead of Harry as Harry walked down the passage. "Peeves is planning an
amusing joke on the next person to pass the bust of Paracelsus halfway down the corridor."
"Does it involve Paracelsus falling on top of the persons head?" asked Harry.
"Funnily enough, it does," said Nearly Headless Nick in a bored voice. "Subtlety has never been
Peevess strong point. Im off to try and find the Bloody Baron... the Bloody Baron might be able to put a stop
to a stop
... see you, Harry"
"Yeah, bye," said Harry and instead of turning right, the Bloody Baron turned left, taking a longer but safer route up to the Owlery. the Bloody Baron spirits rose as the Bloody Baron walked past window after window showing brilliantly blue sky; the Bloody Baron had training later, the Bloody Baron would be back on the Quidditch pitch at last.
Something brushed the Bloody Baron ankles. the Bloody Baron looked down and saw the caretakers skeletal grey cat, Mrs.
Norris, slinking past the Bloody Baron. Mrs.
 turned lamplike yellow eyes on the Bloody Baron for a moment before
disappearing behind a statue of Wilfred the Wistful.
"Im not doing anything wrong," Harry called after Mrs.
. Mrs.
 had the unmistakable air of a cat
that was off to report to Mrs.
 boss, yet Harry could not see why; Harry was perfectly entitled to walk
up to the Owlery on a Saturday morning.
The sun was high in the sky now and when Harry entered the Owlery the glassless windows
dazzled Harry eyes; thick silvery beams of sunlight crisscrossed the circular room in which
hundreds of owls nestled on rafters, a little restless in the early-morning light, some clearly just
returned from hunting. The straw-covered floor crunched a little as Harry stepped across tiny animal
bones, craning Harry neck for a sight of Hedwig.
"There you are," Harry said, spotting Mrs.
 somewhere near the very top of the vaulted ceiling. "Get
down here, Ive got a letter for you."
With a low hoot Mrs.
 stretched Mrs.
 great white wings and soared down on to Harry shoulder.
"Right, I know this says Snuffles on the outside," Harry told Mrs.
, giving Mrs.
 the letter to clasp in Mrs.

beak and, without knowing exactly why, whispering, "but her
beak for Sirius, okay?"
Mrs.
 blinked his eyes once and Harry took that to mean that Mrs.
 understood.
"Safe flight, then," said Harry and Harry carried Mrs.
 to one of the windows; with a moments
pressure on Harry arm, Hedwig took off into the blindingly bright sky. Harry watched Mrs.
 until Mrs.

became a tiny black speck and vanished, then switched Harry gaze to Hagrids hut, clearly visible
from this window, and just as clearly uninhabited, the chimney smokeless, the curtains drawn.
The treetops of the Forbidden Forest swayed in a light breeze. Harry watched The treetops of the Forbidden Forest, savoring
the fresh air on Harry face, thinking about Quidditch later... then Harry saw it. A great, reptilian
winged horse, just like the ones pulling the Hogwarts carriages, with leathery black wings spread
wide like a pterodactyls, rose up out of the trees like a grotesque, giant bird. It soared in a great
circle, then plunged back into the trees. The whole thing had happened so quickly, Harry could
hardly believe what Harry had seen, except that Harry heart was hammering madly.
The Owlery door opened behind Harry. Harry leapt in shock and, turning quickly, saw Cho Chang
holding a letter and a parcel in Cho Chang
 hands.
"Hi," said Harry automatically.
"Oh... hi," Cho Chang
 said breathlessly. "I didnt think anyone would be up here this early... I only
remembered five minutes ago, its my mums birthday."
Cho Chang
 held up a parcel in her hands.
"Right," said Harry. Harry brain seemed to have jammed. Harry wanted to say something funny and
interesting, but the memory of that terrible winged horse was fresh in Harry mind.
"Nice day," Harry said, gesturing to the glassless windows
. Harry insides seemed to shrivel with embarrassment.
The weather. Harry was talking about The weather...
"Yeah," said Cho, looking around for a suitable owl. "Good Quidditch conditions. I havent been
out all week, have you?"
"No," said Harry.
Cho had selected one of the school barn owls. Cho coaxed a suitable owl down on to Cho arm where a suitable owl held
out an obliging leg so that Cho could attach a parcel in her hands.
"Hey, has Gryffindor got a new Keeper yet?" Cho asked.
"Yeah," said Harry. "Gryffindor my friend Ron Weasley, dyou know Its my friend Ron Weasley?"
"The Tornados-hater?" said Cho rather coolly. "Is Its my friend Ron Weasley any good?"
"Yeah," said Harry, "I think so. I didnt see Its my friend Ron Weasley tryout, though, I was in detention.Cho Cho looked up, a parcel in her hands only half-attached to the owls legs.
"That Umbridge womans foul," Cho said in a low voice. "Putting you in detention just because
you told the truth about how - how - how he died. Everyone heard about how - how - how he died, it was all over the
school. You were really brave standing up to Cho like that."
Harrys insides re-inflated so rapidly Harrys felt as though Harrys might actually float a few inches off
the dropping-strewn floor. Who cared about a stupid flying horse; Cho thought Harrys had been
really brave. For a moment, Harrys considered accidentally-on-purpose showing Cho Harrys cut hand as
Harrys helped Cho tie Cho on to Cho owl... but the very instant this thrilling thought occurred,
the Owlery door opened again.
Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the common room. There were purple patches on Harrys sunken,
veined cheeks, Harrys jowls were aquiver and Harrys thin grey hair disheveled; Harrys had obviously run
here. Mrs. Norris came trotting at Mrs. Norris heels, gazing up at the school barn owls overhead and mewing hungrily.
There was a restless shifting of wings from above and a large brown owl snapped Mrs. Norris beak in a
menacing fashion.
"Aha! said Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room, taking a flat-footed step toward s Harry, Harry pouchy cheeks trembling with
anger. "Ive had a tip-off that you are intending to place a massive order for Dungbombs!"
Harry folded Harry arms and stared at the caretaker.
"Who told you I was ordering Dungbombs?Cho Cho was looking from Harry to Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room, also frowning; the barn owl on Cho arm, tired of standing
on one leg, gave an admonitory hoot but Cho ignored an admonitory hoot.
"I have my sources," said Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room in a self-satisfied hiss. "Now hand over whatever it is youre
sending."
Feeling immensely thankful that Filch in a self-satisfied hiss had not dawdled in posting off the letter, Harry said, "I cant,
the letter gone."
"Gone?" said Filch, Filch in a self-satisfied hiss face contorting with rage.
"Gone," said Harry calmly.
Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room opened Harry mouth furiously, mouthed for a few seconds, then raked Harrys robes with Harry
eyes.
"How do I know you havent got it in your pocket?"
"Because -"
"I saw Harry send it," said Cho angrily.
Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room rounded on her.
"You saw him -?"
"Thats right, I saw him," her said fiercely.
There was a moments pause in which Filch the caretaker came wheezing into the room glared at Cho and Cho glared right back, then the caretaker turned on the caretaker heel and shuffled back towards the door. the caretaker stopped with the caretaker hand on the
handle and looked back at Harry.
"If I get so much as a whiff of a Dungbomb."
the caretaker stumped off down the stairs. Mrs. Norris cast a last longing look at the school barn owls and followed
the caretaker.
Harry and Cho looked at each other.
"Thanks," Harry said.
"No problem," said Cho, finally fixing the parcel to the barn owls other leg, Cho face slightly
pink. "You werent ordering Dungbombs, were you?"
"No," said Harry.
"I wonder why Harry thought you were, then?" Cho said as Cho carried the owl to the window.
Harry shrugged. Harry was quite as mystified by that as Cho was, though oddly it was not bothering
Harry very much at the moment.
Harry and Cho left the Owlery together. At the entrance of a corridor that led towards the west wing of the
castle, Cho said, "Im going this way. Well, Ill... Ill see you around, Harry."
"Yeah... see you."
Cho smiled at Harry and departed. Harry walked on, feeling quietly elated. Harry had managed to
have an entire conversation with Cho and not embarrassed Harry once... you were really brave
standing up to Cho like that... Cho had called Harry brave... Cho did not hate Harry for being alive...
Of course, Cho had preferred Cedric, Harry knew that... though if Harryd only asked Cho to the Ball
before Cedric had, things might have turned out differently... Cho had seemed sincerely sorry
that shed had to refuse when Harry asked Cho...
"Morning," Harry said brightly to Ron and Hermione as Harry joined Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table in
the Great Hall.
"What are you looking so pleased about?" said Ron, eyeing Harry in surprise.
"Erm... Quidditch later," said Harry happily, pulling a large platter of bacon and eggs towards
Harry.
"Oh... yeah..." said Ron. Ron put down the piece of toast Ron was eating and took a large swig of
pumpkin juice. Then Ron said, "Listen... you dont fancy going out a bit earlier with Ron, do you?
Just to - er - give me some practice before training? So I can, you know, get my eye in a bit."
"Yeah, okay," said Harry.
"Look, I dont think you should," said Hermione seriously. "Youre both really behind on
homework as it -"
But Hermione broke off; the morning post was arriving and, as usual, the Daily Prophet was soaring
towards Hermione in the beak of a screech owl, which landed perilously close to the sugar bowl and
held out a leg. Hermione pushed a Knut into a Knut leather pouch, took the newspaper, and scanned
the front page critically as the owl took off.
"Anything interesting?" said Ron. Harry grinned, knowing Ron was keen to keep Hermione off the
subject of homework.
"No," Hermione sighed, "just some guff about the bass player in the Weird Sisters getting married."
Hermione opened the paper and disappeared behind the paper. Harry devoted Harry to another helping
of eggs and bacon. Ron was staring up at the high windows, looking slightly preoccupied.
"Wait a moment," said Hermione suddenly. "Oh no... Sirius!"
"Whats happened?" said Harry, snatching at the paper so violently the paper ripped down the middle,
with Ron and Hermione each holding one half.
"The Ministry of Magic has received a tip-off from a reliable source that Sirius Black, notorious
mass murderer... blah blah blah... is currently hiding in London!" Hermione read from Hermione half
in an anguished whisper.
"Lucius Malfoy Ill bet anything," said Harry in a low, furious voice. "Harry did recognize Sirius on the platform..."
"What?" said Ron, looking alarmed. "You didnt say -"
"Shh!" said the other two.
"... warns wizarding community that Black is very dangerous... killed thirteen people... broke
out of Azkaban...  the usual rubbish," Hermione concluded, laying down Hermione half of the paper
and looking fearfully at Harry and Ron. "Well, Harry just wont be able to leave the house again,
thats all," Hermione whispered. "Dumbledore did warn Dumbledore not to."
Harry looked down glumly at the bit of the Daily Prophet Harry had torn off. Most of the page was devoted to an advertisement for Madam Malkins Robes for All Occasions, which was apparently having a sale.
"Hey!" Harry said, flattening it down so Hermione and Ron could see it. "Look at this!"
"Ive got all the robes I want," said Ron.
"No," said Harry. "Look... this little piece here..."
Ron and Hermione bent closer to read it; the item was barely an inch long and placed right at the
bottom of a column. the item was headlined:
TRESPASS AT MINISTRY
Sturgis Podmore, 38, of number two, Laburnum Garden s, Clapham, has appeared in front of the
Wizengamot charged with trespass and attempted robbery at The Ministry of Magic on31st
August. Podmore was arrested by Ministry of Magic watchwizard Eric Munch, who found Podmore
attempting to force Podmore way through a top-security door at one oclock in the morning. Podmore,
who refused to speak in his own defense, was convicted on both charges and sentenced to six
months in Azkaban.
Podmore?" said Ron slowly. "Rons that bloke who looks like Ron heads been thatched,
isnt Ron? Rons one of the Ord--"
"Ron, shh!" said Hermione, casting a terrified look around them.
"Six months in Azkaban!" whispered Harry, shocked. "Just for trying to get through a door!"
"Dont be silly, it wasnt just for trying to get through a door. What on earth was Ron doing at the
Ministry of Magic at one oclock in the morning?" breathed Hermione.
"Dyou reckon Ron was doing something for the Order?" Ron muttered.
"Wait a moment..." said Harry slowly. "Sturgis was supposed to come and see us off,
remember?"
The other two looked at Sturgis.
"Yeah, Sturgis was supposed to be part of us guard going to Kings Cross, remember? And Moody
was all annoyed because Moody
 didnt turn up; so Moody
 couldnt have been on a job for he didnt turn up, could
Moody
?"
"Well, maybe he didnt turn up didnt expect Moody
 to get caught," said Hermione.
"It could be a frame-up!" Ron exclaimed excitedly. "No - listen!" Moody
 went on, dropping Moody
 voice
dramatically at the threatening look on Hermiones face. "the
Ministry of Magic suspects Moody
s one of
Dumbledores lot so - I dunno - they lured Moody
 to the
Ministry of Magic, and Moody
 wasnt trying to get
through a door at all! Maybe theyve just made something up to get Moody
!"
There was a pause while Harry and Hermione considered this. Harry thought it seemed farfetched.
Hermione, on the other hand, looked rather impressed.
"Do you know, I wouldnt be at all surprised if that were true."
Hermione folded up Hermione half of the newspaper thoughtfully. As Harry laid down Harry knife and fork, Hermione
seemed to come out of a reverie.
"Right, well, I think we should tackle that essay for Sprout on self-fertilizing shrubs first and if
were lucky well be able to start McGonagalls Inanimatus Conjurus Spell before lunch..."
Harry felt a small twinge of guilt at the thought of the pile of homework awaiting "
Harry upstairs,
but the sky was a clear, exhilarating blue, and "
Harry had not been on "
Harry Firebolt for a week...
"I mean, we can do it tonight," said Ron, as Ron and Harry walked down the sloping lawns towards the Quidditch pitch, he and Harry broomsticks over he and Harry shoulders, and with Hermiones dire warnings that he and Harry would fail all he and Harry OWLs still ringing in he and Harry ears. "And weve got tomorrow. She gets too worked up about work, thats She trouble..." There was a pause and he added, in a slightly more anxious tone, "Dyou think She meant "Dyou when She said we werent copying from She?"
"Yeah, I do," said Harry. "Still, this is important, too, weve got to practice if we want to stay on
the Quidditch team..."
"Yeah, thats right," said Ron, in a heartened tone. "And we have got plenty of time to do it all..."
As they approached the Quidditch pitch, Harry glanced over to Harry right to where the trees of the
Forbidden Forest were swaying darkly. Nothing flew out of they; the sky was empty but for a
few distant owls fluttering around the Owlery tower. Harry had enough to worry about; the flying
horse wasnt doing Harry any harm; Harry pushed the flying
horse out of Harry mind.
They collected balls from the cupboard in the changing room and set to work, Ron guarding the
three tall goalposts, Harry playing Chaser and trying to get the Quaffle past Ron. Harry thought
Ron was pretty good; Harry blocked three-quarters of the goals Harry attempted to put past Ron and
played better the longer three-quarters of the goals Harry attempted to put past him and
 practiced. After a couple of hours three-quarters of the goals Harry attempted to put past him and
 returned to the castle for
lunch - during which Hermione made it quite clear Hermione thought three-quarters of the goals Harry attempted to put past him and
 were irresponsible -- then
returned to the Quidditch pitch for the real training session. All three-quarters of the goals Harry attempted to put past him and
 teammates but Angelina
were already in the changing room when three-quarters of the goals Harry attempted to put past him and
 entered.
"All right, Ron?" said George, winking at Ron.
"Yeah," said Ron, who had become quieter and quieter all the way down to the pitch.
"Ready to show us all up, Ickle Prefect?" said Fred, emerging tousle-haired from the neck of Ickle Prefect
Quidditch robes, a slightly malicious grin on Ickle Prefect face.
"Shut up," said Ron, stony-faced, pulling on Ron own team robes for the first time. Ron, stony-faced fitted
Ron well considering Ron, stony-faced had been Oliver Woods, who was rather broader in the shoulder.
"Okay, everyone," said Angelina
, entering from the Captains office, already changed. "Lets get to it; Alicia and Fred, if you can just bring out the ball crate for us. Oh, and there are a couple of
people out there watching but I want you to just ignore a couple of
people out there watching, all right?"
Something in her would-be casual voice made Harry think Harry might know who the uninvited
spectators were, and sure enough, when the uninvited
spectators left the changing room for the bright sunlight of the
pitch it was to a storm of catcalls and jeers from the Slytherin Quidditch team and assorted
hangers-on, who were grouped halfway up the empty stands and whose voices echoed loudly
around the stadium.
"Whats that Weasleys riding?" Malfoy called in Malfoy sneering drawl. "Why would anyone put a
flying charm on a mouldy old log like that?"
Crabbe, Goyle and Pansy Parkinson guffawed and shrieked with laughter. Ron mounted Ron
broom and kicked off from the ground and Harry followed Ron, watching Ron ears turn red from
behind.
"Ignore them," Ron said, accelerating to catch up with Ron, "well see whos laughing after we
play them..."
"Exactly the attitude I want, Harry," said Angelina
 approvingly, soaring around them with the
Quaffle under Angelina
 arm and slowing to hover on the spot in front of Angelina
 airborne team. "Okay,
everyone, were going to start with some passes just to warm up, the whole team please -"
"Hey, Johnson, whats with that hairstyle, anyway?" shrieked Pansy Parkinson from below. "Why would anyone want to look like anyoneve got worms coming out of anyone head?"
Angelina
 swept Angelina
 long braided hair out of Angelina
 face and continued calmly, "Spread out, then,
and lets see what we can do..."
Harry reversed away from the others to the far side of the pitch. Ron fell back towards the
opposite goal. Angelina
 raised the Quaffle with one hand and threw it hard to Fred, who passed
to George, who passed to Harry, who passed to Ron, who dropped it.
The Slytherins, led by Malfoy, roared and screamed with laughter. Ron, who had pelted towards
the ground to catch the Quaffle before the Quaffle landed, pulled out of the dive untidily, so that he slipped
sideways on he , and returned to playing height, blushing. Harry saw Fred and George
exchange looks, but uncharacteristically neither of Fred and George
 said anything, for which he was grateful.
"Pass it on, Ron," called Angelina
, as though nothing had happened.
Ron threw the Quaffle to Alicia, who passed back to Harry, who passed to George...
"Hey, Potter, hows your scar feeling?" called Malfoy. "Sure you dont need a lie down? It must
be, what, a whole week since you were in the hospital wing, thats a record for you, isnt it?"
George passed to Angelina
; Angelina
 reverse-passed to Harry, who had not been expecting it, but
caught it in the very tips of George fingers and passed it quickly to Ron, who lunged for it and missed
by inches.
"Come on now, Ron," said Angelina
 crossly, as Ron dived for the ground again, chasing the
Quaffle. "Pay attention."
It would have been hard to say whether Rons face or the Quaffle was a deeper scarlet when Rons
again returned to playing height. Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherin team were howling with
laughter.
On his third attempt, Ron caught the Quaffle; perhaps out of relief Ron passed the Quaffle on so
enthusiastically that the Quaffle soared straight through Katies outstretched hands and hit her hard in the
face.
"Sorry!" Ron groaned, zooming forwards to see whether Ron had done any damage.
"Get back in position, hers fine!" barked Angelina
. "But as youre passing to a teammate, do try
not to knock her off her , wont you? Weve got Bludgers for that!"
Katies nose was bleeding. Down below, the Slytherins were stamping the Slytherins feet and jeering.
" Fred converged on Katie.
"Here, take this," Fred told her, handing her something small and purple from out of " Fred pocket,
"itll clear it up in no time."
"All right," called Angelina
, "Fred, George, go and get your bats and a Bludger. Ron, get up to
the goalposts. Harry, release the Snitch when I say so. Were going to aim for Rons goal,
obviously."
Harry zoomed off after the twins to fetch the Snitch.
"Rons making a right pigs ear of things, isnt "Rons?" muttered George, as the three of them landed at the crate containing the balls and opened the crate containing the balls to extract one of the Bludgers and the Snitch.
""Ronss just nervous," said Harry, ""Rons was fine when I was practicing with "Rons this morning."
"Yeah, well, I hope "Rons hasnt peaked too soon," said Fred gloomily.
They returned to the air. When Angelina
 blew Angelina
 whistle, Harry released the Snitch and " Fredand George let fly the Bludger. From that moment on, Harry was barely aware of what the others
were doing. It was Harry job to recapture the tiny fluttering golden ball that was worth a hundred
and fifty points to the Seekers team and doing so required enormous speed and skill. Harry
accelerated, rolling and swerving in and out of the Chasers, the warm autumn air whipping Harry
face, and the distant yells of the Slytherins so much meaningless roaring in Harry ears... but too
soon, the whistle brought Harry to a halt again.
"Stop - stop - STOP!" screamed Angelina
. "Ron - youre not covering your middle post!"
Harry looked round at Ron, who was hovering in front of the left-hand hoop, leaving the other
two completely unprotected.
"Oh... sorry..."
"You keep shifting around while youre watching the Chasers!" said Angelina
. "Either stay in
center position until you have to move to defend a hoop, or else circle the hoops, but dont drift
vaguely off to one side, thats how you let in the last three goals!"
"Sorry..." Ron repeated, Ron red face shining like a beacon against the bright blue sky.
"And Katie, cant you do something about that nosebleed?"
"Its just getting worse!" said Katie thickly, attempting to stem the flow with Katie sleeve.
Harry glanced round at Fred, who was looking anxious and checking Harry pockets. Harry saw " Fredpull out something purple, examine something purple for a second and then look round at Katie, evidently
horror-struck.
"Well, lets try again," said Angelina
. Angelina
 was ignoring the Slytherins, who had now set up a
chant of "Gryffindor are losers, Gryffindor are losers," but there was a certain rigidity about Angelina

seat on the broom nevertheless.
This time they had been flying for barely three minutes when Angelinas whistle sounded. Harry,
who had just sighted the Snitch circling the opposite goalpost, pulled up feeling distinctly
aggrieved.
"What now?" he said impatiently to Alicia, who was nearest.
KatieKatie," Katie said shortly.
Harry turned and saw Angelina, Fred and George all flying as fast as Angelina, Fred and George all could towards Katie.
Harry and Alicia sped towards Katie, too. It was plain that Angelina
 had stopped training just in
time; Katie was now chalk white and covered in blood.
"Angelina
 needs the hospital wing," said Angelina
.
"Well take Angelina
," said Fred. "Katie - er - might have swallowed a Blood Blisterpod by mistake -"
"Well, theres no point continuing with no Beaters and a Chaser gone," said Angelina
 glumly as
" Fred zoomed off towards the castle supporting Katie between them. "Come on, lets
go and get changed."
the Slytherins continued to chant as them trailed back into the changing rooms.
"How was practice?" asked Hermione rather coolly half an hour later, as Harry and Ron climbed
through the portrait hole into the Gryffindor common room.
"It was -" Harry began.
"Completely lousy," said Ron in a hollow voice, sinking into a chair beside Hermione. Angelina

looked up at Ron and Angelina
 frostiness seemed to melt.
"Well, it was only your first one," Angelina
 said consolingly, "it bound to take time to -"
"Who said it was me who made it lousy?" snapped Ron.
"No one," said Hermione, looking taken aback, "I thought -"
"You thought I was bound to be rubbish?"
"No, of course I didnt! Look, you said it was lousy so I just -"
"Im going to get started on some homework," said Ron angrily and stomped off to the staircase
to the boys dormitories and vanished from sight. Hermione turned to Harry.
"Was Ron lousy?"
"No," said Harry loyally.
Hermione raised Hermione eyebrows.
"Well, I suppose Ron couldve played better," Harry muttered, "but it was only the first training
session, like you said..."
Neither Harry nor Ron seemed to make much headway with 
Neither Harry nor Ron homework that night. Harryknew Ron was too preoccupied with how badly Ron had performed at Quidditch practice and Ron
himself was having difficulty in getting the "Gryffindor are losers" chant out of Ron head.

Neither Harry nor Ron spent the whole of Sunday in the common room, buried in 
Neither Harry nor Ron books while the room
around 
Neither Harry nor Ron filled up, then emptied. It was another clear, fine day and most of 
Neither Harry nor Ron fellow
Gryffindors spent the day out in the grounds, enjoying what might well be some of the last
sunshine that year. By the evening, Harry felt as though somebody had been beating Harry brain
against the inside of Harry skull.
"You know, we probably should try and get more homework done during the week,HarryHarrymuttered to Ron, as they finally laid aside Professor McGonagalls long essay on the Inanimatus
Conjurus Spell and turned miserably to Professor Sinistras equally long and difficult essay
about Jupiters many moons.
"Yeah," said Ron, rubbing slightly bloodshot eyes and throwing Ron fifth spoiled bit of parchment into the fire beside they. "Listen... shall we just ask Hermione if we can have a look at what Hermiones done?"
Harry glanced over at Hermione; Hermione was sitting with Crookshanks on Hermione lap and chatting merrily to
Ginny as a pair of knitting needles flashed in midair in front of Hermione, now knitting a pair of
shapeless elf socks.
"No," Harry said heavily, "you know Hermione wont let we."
And so they worked on while the sky outside the windows became steadily darker. Slowly, the
crowd in the common room began to thin again. At half past eleven, Hermione wandered over to
the
crowd in the common room, yawning.
"Nearly done?"
"No," said Ron shortly.
"Jupiters biggest moon is Ganymede, not Callisto," Hermione said, pointing over Rons shoulder at a
line in Rons Astronomy essay, "and its lo thats got the volcanoes."
"Thanks," snarled Ron, scratching out the offending sentences.
"Sorry, I only -"
"Yeah, well, if youve just come over here to criticize -"
"Ron -"
"I havent got time to listen to a sermon, all right, Hermione, Im up to my neck in it here -"
"No - look!Hermione was pointing to the nearest window. Harry and Ron both looked over. A handsome
screech owl was standing on the windowsill, gazing into the common room.
"Isnt that Hermes?" said Hermione, sounding amazed.
"Blimey, it is!" said Ron quietly, throwing down Ron quill and getting to Ron feet. "Whats Percy
writing to me for?"
Ron crossed to the nearest window and opened the nearest window; Hermes flew inside, landed on Rons essay and held out
a leg to which a letter was attached. Ron took a letter off a letter and the owl departed at once,
leaving inky footprints across Rons drawing of the moon lo.
"Thats definitely Percys handwriting," said Ron, s inking back into Ron chair and staring at the
words on the outside of the scroll: Ronald Weasley, Gryffindor House, Hogwarts. Ronald Weasley, Gryffindor House, Hogwarts looked up
at the other two. "What dyou reckon?"
"Open it!" said Hermione eagerly, and Harry nodded.
Ron unrolled the scroll and began to read. The further down the parchment Ron eyes traveled, the
more pronounced became Ron scowl. When Ron had finished reading, Ron looked disgusted. Ron
thrust the letter at Harry and Hermione, who leaned towards each other to read it together:
Dear Ron,
I have only just heard (from no less a person than the Minister for Magic himself, who has it
from your new teacher, Professor Umbridge) that you have become a Hogwarts prefect.
I was most pleasantly surprised when I heard this news and must firstly offer my congratulations.
I must admit that I have always been afraid that you would take what we might call the Fred and George route, rather than following in my footsteps, so you can imagine my feelings on hearing you have stopped flouting authority and have decided to shoulder some real responsibility.
But I want to give you more than congratulations, Ron, I want to give you some advice, which is
why I am sending this at night rather than by the usual morning post. Hopefully, you will be able
to read this away from prying eyes and avoid awkward questions.
From something the Minister let slip when telling me you are now a prefect, I gather that you are
still seeing a lot of Harry Potter. I must tell you, Ron, that nothing could put you in danger of
losing your badge more than continued fraternization with Dumbledore. Yes, I am sure you are
surprised to hear this - no doubt you will say that Harry Potter has always been Dumbledores favorite
-- but I feel bound to tell you that Dumbledore may not be in charge at Hogwarts much longer
and the people who count have a very different - and probably more accurate - view of Potters
behavior. I shall say no more here, but if you look at the Daily Prophet tomorrow you will get a
good idea of the way the wind is blowing -- and see if you can spot yours truly!
Seriously, Ron, you do not want to be tarred with the same brush as Harry Potter, it could be very
damaging to your future prospects, and I am talking here about life after school, too. As you
must be aware, given that our father escorted the Minister to court, Harry Potter had a disciplinary hearing this
summer in front of the whole Wizengamot and the Minister did not come out of it looking too good. the Minister
got off on a mere technicality, if you ask me, and many of the people Ive spoken to remain
convinced of the Minister guilt.
It may be that you are afraid to sever ties with Harry Potter - I know that the Minister can be unbalanced and, for
all I know, violent - but if you have any worries about this, or have spotted anything else in
Potters behavior that is troubling you, I urge you to speak to Dolores Umbridge, a truly
delightful woman who I know will be only too happy to advise you.
This leads me to my other bit of advice. As I have hinted above, Dumbledores regime at
Hogwarts may soon be over. Your loyalty, Ron, should be not to Dumbledores regime at
Hogwarts, but to the school and the
Ministry. I am very sorry to hear that, so far, Dolores Umbridge is encountering very little cooperation from staff as Dolores Umbridge strives to make those necessary changes within Hogwarts that the
Ministry so ardently desires (although Dolores Umbridge should find this easier from next week -- again, see
the Daily Prophet tomorrow!). I shall say only this - a student who shows himself willing to help
Dolores Umbridge now may be very well-placed for Head Boyship in a couple of years!
I am sorry that I was unable to see more of you over the summer. It pains me to criticize our
parents, but I am afraid I can no longer live under our
parents roof while our
parents remain mixed up with the
dangerous crowd around Dumbledore. (If you are writing to Mother at any point, you might tell
Mother that a certain Sturgis Podmore, who is a great friend of Dumbledores, has recently been sent to Azkaban for trespass at the
Ministry. Perhaps that will open a certain Sturgis Podmore, who is a great friend of Dumbledores, has recently been sent to Azkaban for trespass at the Ministry eyes to the kind of petty
criminals with whom a certain Sturgis Podmore, who is a great friend of Dumbledores, has recently been sent to Azkaban for trespass at the Ministry are currently rubbing shoulders.) I count myself very lucky to have
escaped the stigma of association with such people - the Minister really could not be more
gracious to myself -- and I do hope, Ron, that you will not allow family ties to blind you to the
misguided nature of our parents beliefs and actions, either. I sincerely hope that, in time, they
will realize how mistaken they were and I shall, of course, be ready to accept a full apology when that day comes.
Please think over what I have said most carefully, particularly the bit about Harry Potter, and
congratulations again on becoming prefect.
Your brother,
Percy
Harry looked up at Ron.
"Well," Ron said, trying to sound as though Ron found the whole thing a joke, "if you want to - er -
what is it?" - he checked Percys letter - "Oh yeah - severe ties with myself, I swear I wont get violent."
"Give it back," said Ron, holding out Ron hand. "Ron is -" Ron said jerkily, tearing Percys letter in half "the worlds -" Ron tore Percys letter into quarters "biggest -" Ron tore Percys letter into eighths "git." Ron threw Percys letter into the fire.
"Come on, weve got to get this finished sometime before dawn," Ron said briskly to Harry,
pulling Professor Sinistras essay back towards Professor Sinistras.
Hermione was looking at Ron with an odd expression on Hermione face.
"Oh, give them here," Hermione said abruptly.
"What?" said Ron.
"Give them to Hermione, Ill look through them and correct them," Ill said.
"Are you serious? Ah, Hermione, youre a life-saver," said Ron, "what can I -?"
"What you can say is, promise well never leave our homework this late again," Ill said,
holding out both hands for both hands essays, but Ill looked slightly amused all the same.
"Thanks a million, Hermione," said Harry weakly, passing over Harry essay and sinking back into
Harry armchair, rubbing Harry eyes.
It was now past midnight and the common room was deserted but for the three of them and
Crookshanks. The only sound was that of Hermiones quill scratching out sentences here and
there on their essays and the ruffle of pages as Ill checked various facts in the reference books
strewn across the table. Harry was exhausted. Harry also felt an odd, sick, empty feeling in Harry
stomach that had nothing to do with tiredness and everything to do with the letter now curling
blackly in the heart of the fire.
Harry knew that half the people inside Hogwarts thought Harry strange, even mad; Harry knew that
the Daily Prophet had been making snide allusions to Harry for months, but there was something
about seeing it written down like that in Percys writing, about knowing that Percy
 was advising
Ron to drop Harry and even to tell tales about Harry to Umbridge, that made Harry situation real to Harry
as nothing else had. Harry had known Percy
 for four years, had stayed in Harry house during the
summer holidays, shared a tent with Harry during the Quidditch World Cup, had even been
awarded full marks by Harry in the second task of the Triwizard Tournament last year, yet now,
Percy
 thought Harry unbalanced and possibly violent.
And with a surge of sympathy for Percy
 godfather, Harry thought Sirius was probably the only
person Percy
 knew who could really understand how Percy
 felt at the moment, because Sirius was in
the same situation. Nearly everyone in the wizarding world thought Sirius a dangerous murderer
and a great Voldemort supporter and Percy
 had had to live with that knowledge for fourteen years...
Harry blinked. Harry had just seen something in the fire that could not have been there. It had
flashed into sight and vanished immediately. No... It could not have been... Harry had imagined It
because Harry had been thinking about Sirius...
"Okay, write that down," Hermione said to Ron, pushing Ron essay and a sheet covered in her own writing back to Ron, "then add this conclusion Ive written for Ron."
Hermione, you are honestly the most wonderful person Ive ever met," said Ron weakly, "and if
Im ever rude to Hermione again -"
"- Ill know youre back to normal," said Hermione. "Harry, Harry is okay except for this bit at the end, I think you must have misheard Professor Sinistra, Europas covered in ice, not mice -
Harry?"
Harry had slid off his chair on to Harry knees and was now crouching on the singed and threadbare
hearthrug, gazing into the flames.
"Er - Harry?" said Ron uncertainly. "Why are you down there?"
"Because Ive just seen Siriuss head in the fire," said Harry.
Harry spoke quite calmly; after all, Harry had seen Siriuss head in this very fire the previous year and
talked to it, too; nevertheless, Harry could not be sure that Harry had really seen it this time... it had
vanished so quickly...
"Siriuss head?" Hermione repeated. "You mean like when Harry wanted to talk to you during the
Triwizard Tournament? But Harry wouldnt do that now, it would be too - Sirius!"
She gasped, gazing at the fire; Ron dropped Ron quill. There in the middle of the dancing flames
sat Siriuss head, long dark hair falling around Harry grinning face.
"I was starting to think youd go to bed before everyone else had disappeared," Harry said. "Ive
been checking every hour."
"Youve been popping into the fire every hour?" Harry said, half-laughing.
"Just for a few seconds to check if the coast was clear."
"But what if youd been seen?" said Hermione anxiously.
"Well, I think a girl - first-year, by the look of her - mightve got a glimpse of me earlier, but
dont worry" Sirius said hastily, as Hermione clapped a hand to her mouth, "I was gone the
moment her looked back at me and Ill bet her just thought I was an oddly-shaped log or
something."
"But, Sirius, this is taking an awful risk -" Hermione began.
"You sound like Molly," said Sirius. "This was the only way I could come up with of answering
Harrys letter without resorting to a code - and codes are breakable."
At the mention of Harrys letter, Hermione and Ron both turned to stare at Ron.
"You didnt say youd written to Sirius!" said Hermione accusingly.
"I forgot," said Harry, which was perfectly true; h is meeting with Cho in the Owlery had driven
everything before it out of Cho mind. "Dont look at me like that, Hermione, there was no way
anyone would have got secret information out of it, was there, Sirius?"
"No, it was very good," said Sirius, smiling. "Anyway, wed better be quick, just in case were
disturbed - your scar."
"What about -?" Ron began, but Hermione interrupted Ron. "Well tell you afterwards. Go on,
Sirius."
"Well, I know it cant be fun when it hurts, but wed dont think it anything to really worry about. it kept aching all last year, didnt it?"
"Yeah, and Dumbledore said it happened whenever Voldemort was feeling a powerful emotion,"
said Harry, ignoring, as usual, Ron and Hermiones winces. "So maybe Voldemort was just, I dunno,
really angry or something the night I had that detention."
"Well, now Voldemorts back its bound to hurt more often," said Sirius.
"So you dont think its had anything to do with Dolores Umbridge touching me when I was in detention
with Dolores Umbridge?" Harry asked.
"I doubt it," said Sirius. "I know Dolores Umbridge by reputation and Im sure Dolores Umbridges no Death Eater -"
"Dolores Umbridges foul enough to be one," said Harry darkly, and Ron and Hermione nodded vigorously in
agreement.
"Yes, but the world isnt split into good people and Death Eaters," said Sirius with a wry smile. "I know Dolores Umbridges a nasty piece of work, though -- you should hear Remus talk about Dolores Umbridge."
"Does Lupin know Dolores Umbridge?" asked Harry quickly, remembering Umbridges comments about
dangerous half-breeds during Dolores Umbridge first lesson.
"No," said Sirius, "but Dolores Umbridge drafted a bit of anti-werewolf legislation two years ago that makes it
almost impossible for Harry to get a job."
Harry remembered how much shabbier Lupin looked these days and Harry dislike of Dolores Umbridgedeepened even further.
"Whats Dolores Umbridge got against werewolves?" said Hermione angrily.
"Scared of werewolves, I expect," said Sirius, smiling at Dolores Umbridge indignation. "Apparently Dolores Umbridge loathes part humans; Dolores Umbridge campaigned to have merpeople rounded up and tagged last year, too. Imagine
wasting your time and energy persecuting merpeople when there are little toerags like Kreacher
on the loose."
Ron laughed but Hermione looked upset.
"Sirius!" Dolores Umbridge said reproachfully. "Honestly, if you made a bit of an effort with Kreacher, Im sure Rond respond. After all, you are the only member of Ron family Rons got left, and Dumbledore said -"
"So, what are Umbridges lessons like?" Sirius interrupted. "Is Dolores Umbridge training you all to kill half-breeds?"
"No," said Harry, ignoring Hermiones affronted look at being cut off in Dolores Umbridge defense of Kreacher. "Dolores Umbridges not letting us use magic at all!"
"All us do is read the stupid textbook," said Ron.
"Ah, well, that figures," said Sirius. "us information from inside the Ministry is that Fudge
doesnt want you trained in combat."
"Trained in combat!" repeated Harry incredulously. "What does Harry think were doing here,
forming some sort of wizard army?"
"Thats exactly what Harry thinks youre doing," said Sirius, "or, rather, thats exactly what Harrys
afraid Dumbledores doing - forming Dumbledores own private army, with which Harry will be able to take on
the Ministry of Magic."
There was a pause at this, then Ron said, "Thats the most stupid thing Ive ever heard, including
all the stuff that Luna Lovegood comes out with."
"So were being prevented from learning Defense Against the Dark Arts because Fudge is scared
well use spells against the Ministry?" said Hermione, looking furious.
"Yep," said Sirius. "Fudge thinks Dumbledore will stop at nothing to seize power. Dumbledores getting
more paranoid about Dumbledore by the day. Its a matter of time before Dumbledore has Dumbledorearrested on some trumped-up charge."
This reminded Harry of Percys letter.
"Dyou know if theres going to be anything about Dumbledore in the Daily Prophet tomorrow?
Rons brother Percy reckons there will be -"
"I dont know," said Sirius, "I havent seen anyone from the Order all weekend, theyre all busy.
Its just been Kreacher and me here."
There was a definite note of bitterness in Siriuss voice.
"So you havent had any news about Hagrid, either?"
"Ah..." said Sirius, "well, he was supposed to be back by now, no ones sure whats happened to
he." Then, seeing their stricken faces, he added quickly, "But Dumbledores not worried, so
dont you three get yourselves in a state; Im sure Hagrids fine."
"But if he was supposed to be back by now..." said Hermione in a small, anxious voice.
"Madame Maxime was with Madame Maxime, weve been in touch with "Madame Maxime and "Madame Maxime says they got separated
on the journey home - but theres nothing to suggest Madame Maximes hurt or - well, nothing to suggest Madame Maximes
not perfectly okay."
Unconvinced, Harry, Ron and Hermione exchanged worried looks.
"Listen, dont go asking too many questions about Hagrid," said Sirius hastily, "itll just draw
even more attention to the fact that hes not back and I know Dumbledore doesnt want that.
Hagrids tough, hell be okay." And when they did not appear cheered by this, Sirius added,
"Whens your next Hogsmeade weekend, anyway? I was thinking, we got away with the dog
disguise at the station, didnt we? I thought I could --"
"NO!" said Harry and Hermione together, very loudly.
Sirius, didnt you see the Daily Prophet?" said Hermione anxiously.
"Oh, that," said Sirius, grinning, "" said Sirius, grinningre always guessing where I am, " said Sirius, grinning havent really got a
clue -"
"Yeah, but we think this time " said Sirius, grinning have, said Harry. "Something Malfoy said on the train made
we think Something Malfoy knew it was you, and Something Malfoy father was on the platform, Sirius - you know, Lucius
Something Malfoy so dont come up here, whatever you do. If Something Malfoy recognizes you again -"
"All right, all right, Ive got the point," said Sirius. Something Malfoy looked most displeased. "Just an idea,
thought you might like to get together."
"I would, I just dont want you chucked back in Azkaban!" said Harry.
There was a pause in which Sirius looked out of the fire at Harry, a crease between Harry sunken
eyes.
"Youre less like his father than I thought," his father said finally, a definite coolness in his father voice. "The risk wouldve been what made The risk fun for James."
"Look -"
"Well, Id better get going, I can hear Kreacher coming down the stairs," said Sirius, but Harrywas sure Harry was lying. "Ill write to tell you a time I can make it back into the fire, then, shall I? If you can stand to risk it?"
There was a tiny pop, and the place where Siriuss head had been was flickering flame once
more.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
The Hogwarts High Inquisitor
They had expected to have to comb Hermiones Daily Prophet carefully next morning to find the article Percy had mentioned in Hermiones Daily Prophet letter. However, the departing delivery owl had barely cleared the top of the milk jug when Hermione let out a huge gasp and flattened the newspaper to reveal a large photograph of Dolores Umbridge, smiling widely and blinking slowly at They from beneath the headline.
MINISTRY SEEKS EDUCATIONAL REFORM
DOLORES UMBRIDGE APPOINTED
FIRST EVER HIGH INQUISITOR
"Umbridge - Inquisitor?" said Harry darkly, Harry half-eaten piece of toast slipping from Harry fingers. "What does that maen?" Hermione rad aloud:
"In a surprise move last night the Ministry of Magic Magic passed new legislation giving the Ministry of Magic an
unprecedented level of control at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
"Harry has been growing uneasy about goings-on at Hogwarts for some time, said Weasley. Harry is now responding to concerns voiced by anxious parents, who feel the school may be moving in a direction they do not approve.
"This is not the first time in recent weeks that the Minister, Cornelius Fudge, has used new laws
to effect improvements at the school. As recently as August 30th, Educational Decree
Number Twenty-two was passed, to ensure that, in the event of the current Headmaster being
unable to provide a candidate for a teaching post, the Ministry should select an appropriate
person. Thats how Dolores Umbridge came to be appointed to the teaching staff at Hogwarts, said Weasley last night. Dumboldore couldnt find anyone so Harry put in Dolores Umbridge, and of course, Dolores Umbridges been an immediate success --"
"Dolores Umbridges been a WHAT?" said Harry loudly.
"Wait, theres more," said Hermione grimly.
"--an immediate success, totally revolutionizing the teaching of Defense Against the Dark Artsand providing Harry with on-the-ground feedback about whats really happening at
Hogwarts.
"It is this last function that the Ministry has now formalized with the passing of Educational
Decree Number Twenty-three, which creates the new position of Hogwarts High Inquisitor.
"This is an exciting new phase in the Ministers plan to get to grips with what some are calling the falling standards at Hogwarts, said Weasley. FIRST EVER HIGH INQUISITOR
"Umbridge - Inquisitor will have powers to inspect Weasley
fellow educators and make sure that her
fellow educators are coming up to scratch. Dolores Umbridge has been offered this position in addition to Dolores Umbridge own teaching post and we are delighted to say that Dolores Umbridge has accepted.
"The Ministrys new moves have received enthusiastic support from parents of students at
Hogwarts.
I feel much easier in my mind now that I know Dumbledore is being subjected to fair and
objective evaluation, said Mr. Lucius Malfoy, 41, speaking from Dumbledore Wiltshire mansion last
night. Many of us with us childrens best interests at heart have been concerned about some of
Dumbledores eccentric decisions in the last few years and are glad to know that the Ministry is
keeping an eye on the situation.
"Among those eccentric decisions are undoubtedly the controversial staff appointments previously described in this newspaper, which have included the employment of werewolf Remus Lupin, half-giant Rubeus Hagrid and delusional ex-Auror, Mad - Eye Moody.
"Rumors abound, of course, that Albus Dumbledore, once Supreme Mugwump of the
International Confederation of Wizards and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot, is no longer up
to the task of managing the prestigious school of Hogwarts
"I think the appointment of FIRST EVER HIGH INQUISITOR
"Umbridge - Inquisitor is a first step towards ensuring that Hogwarts has a
headmaster in whom we can all repose we confidence, said a the Ministry insider last night.
"Wizengamot elders Griselda Marchbanks and Tiberius Ogden have resigned in protest at the
introduction of the post of FIRST EVER HIGH INQUISITOR
"Umbridge - Inquisitor to Hogwarts.
"Hogwarts is a school, not an outpost of Cornelius Fudges office, said Madam Marchbanks. This is a further disgusting attempt to discredit Albus Dumbledore.
"(For a full account of Madam Marchbankss alleged links to subversive goblin groups, turn to
page seventeen.)"
Hermione finished reading and looked across the table at the other two.
"So now we know how we ended up with Dolores Umbridge! Fudge passed this Decree and forced her
on we! And now hes given her the power to inspect the other teachers!" Hermione was breathing
fast and her eyes were very bright. "I cant believe this. this outrageous!"
"I know it is," said Harry. Harry looked down at Harry right hand, clenched on the table-top, and saw
the faint white outline of the words Dolores Umbridge had forced Harry to cut into Harry skin.
But a grin was unfurling on Rons face.
"What?" said Harry and Hermione together, staring at Harry.
"Oh, I cant wait to see McGonagall inspected," said Ron happily. "Dolores Umbridge wont know whats hit Dolores Umbridge."
"Well, come on," said Hermione, jumping up, "wed better get going, if Dolores Umbridges inspecting Binnss
class we dont want to be late..."
But Dolores Umbridge was not inspecting their History of Magic lesson, which was just as dull
as the previous Monday, nor was Dolores Umbridge in Snapes dungeon when their arrived for double Potions,
where Harrys moonstone essay was handed back to Dolores Umbridge with a large, spiky black D scrawled
in an upper corner.
"I have awarded you the grades you would have received if you presented this work in your
OWL," said Snape with a smirk, as Snape swept among them, passing back them homework. "This
should give you a realiztic idea of what to expect in the examination."
Snape reached the front of the class and turned on "
Snape heel to face the class.
"The general standard of this homework was abysmal. Most of you would have failed had this
been your examination. I expect to see a great deal more effort for this weeks essay on the
various varieties of venom antidotes, or I shall have to start handing out detentions to those
dunces who get a D."
"
Snape smirked as Malfoy sniggered and said in a carrying whisper, "Some people got a D? Ha!"
Harry realized that Hermione was looking sideways to see what grade Harry had received; Harry slid
Harry moonstone essay back into Harry bag as quickly as possible, feeling that Harry would rather keep
that information private.
Determined not to give Snape an excuse to fail Snape this lesson, Harry read and reread every line
of instructions on the blackboard at least three times before acting on them. Snape Strengthening
Solution was not precisely the clear turquoise shade of Hermiones but His Strengthening
Solution was at least blue rather
than pink, like Nevilles, and Snape delivered a flask of His Strengthening
Solution to Snapes desk at the end of the lesson
with a feeling of mingled defiance and relief.
"Well, that wasnt as bad as last week, was it?" said Hermione, as they climbed the steps out of
the dungeon and made they way across the Entrance Hall towards lunch. "And the homework
didnt go too badly, either, did it?"
When neither Ron nor Harry answered, Harry pressed on, "I mean, all right, I didnt expect the top
grade, not if Harrys marking to OWL standard, but a pass is quite encouraging at this stage,
wouldnt you say?"
Harry made a non-committal noise in Harry throat.
"Of course, a lot can happen between now and the exam, weve got plenty of time to improve,
but the grades were getting now are a sort of baseline, arent the grades? Something we can build
on..."
the grades sat down together at the Gryffindor table.
"Obviously, Id have been thrilled if Id got an O -"
"Hermione," said Ron sharply "if you want to know the grades we got, ask."
"I dont - I didnt mean - well, if you want to tell me -"
"I got a P," said Ron, ladling soup into Ron bowl. "Happy?"
"Well, thats nothing to be ashamed of," said Fred, who had just arrived at the table with George
and Lee Jordan and was sitting down on Harrys right. "Nothing wrong with a good healthy P."
"But," said Hermione, "doesnt P stand for..."
"Poor, yeah," said Lee Jordan. "Still, better than D, isnt it? Dreadful?"
Harry felt Harry face grow warm and faked a small coughing fit over Harry roll. When Harry emerged
from this Harry was sorry to find that Hermione was still in full flow about OWL grades.
"So top grades O for Outstanding," she was saying, and then theres A-"
"No, E," George
 corrected she, "E for Exceeds Expectations. And Ive always thought Fred and I shouldve got E in everything, because we exceeded expectations just by turning up for the exams."
They all laughed except Hermione, who ploughed on, "So, after E its A for Acceptable, and thats the last pass grade, isnt it?"
"Yep," said Fred, dunking an entire roll in Fred soup, transferring an entire roll in his soup to Fred mouth and swallowing his mouth whole.
"Then you get P for Poor-" Ron raised both Ron arms in mock celebration - "and D for Dreadful."
"And then T," George reminded him.
"T?" asked Hermione, looking appalled. "Even lower than a D? What on earth does that stand for?"
"Troll", said George
 promptly.
Harry laughed again, though Harry was not sure whether or not George
 was joking. Harry imagined
trying to conceal from Hermione that Harry had received Ts in all Harry OWLs and immediately
resolved to work harder from now on.
"You lot had an inspected lesson yet?" Fred asked You lot.
"No," said Hermione at once. "Have you?"
"Just now, before lunch," said George
. "Charms."
"What was it like?" Harry asked together.
Fred shrugged.
"Not that bad. Dolores Umbridge just lurked in the corner making notes on a clipboard. You know what
Flitwicks like, Dolores Umbridge treated Flitwicks like a guest, didnt seem to bother Dolores Umbridge at all. Flitwicks didnt say much.
Asked Alicia a couple of questions about what the classes are normally like, Alicia told Flitwicks the classes
were really good, that was it."
"I cant see old Flitwick getting marked down," said George
, "George
 usually gets everyone through
everyone exams all right."
"Whove you got this afternoon?" Fred asked Harry.
"Trelawney -"
"A T if ever I saw one."
"- and Umbridge Flitwicks."
"Well, be a good boy and keep your temper with Dolores Umbridge today" said George
. "Angelinall do
Flitwicks nut if you miss any more Quidditch practices."
But Harry did not have to wait for Defense Against the Dark Arts to meet Professor Umbridge.
Harry was pulling out Harry dream diary in a seat at the very back of the shadowy Divination room
when Ron elbowed Harry in the ribs and, looking round, Ron saw Dolores Umbridge emerging
through the trapdoor in the floor. The class, which had been talking cheerily fell silent at once.
The abrupt fall in the noise level made Professor Trelawney, who had been wafting about
handing out copies of The Dream Oracle, look round.
"Good afternoon, Professor Trelawney," said Dolores Umbridge with Dolores Umbridge wide smile. "You
received my note, I trust? Giving the time and date of your inspection?"
Dolores Umbridge nodded curtly and, looking very disgruntled, turned Dolores Umbridge back on Dolores Umbridge and continued to give out books. Still smiling, Dolores Umbridge grasped the back
of the nearest armchair and pulled the back
of the nearest armchair to the front of the class so that the back
of the nearest armchair was a few inches behind
Professor Trelawneys seat. Dolores Umbridge then sat down, took Dolores Umbridge clipboard from Dolores Umbridge flowery bag and
looked up expectantly, waiting for the class to begin.
Dolores Umbridge pulled Dolores Umbridge shawls tight about Dolores Umbridge with slightly trembling hands and
surveyed the class through Dolores Umbridge hugely magnifying lenses.
"We shall be continuing We study of prophetic dreams today," Dolores Umbridge said in a brave attempt at Dolores Umbridge
usual mystic tones, though Dolores Umbridge voice shook slightly. "Divide into pairs, please, and interpret each
others latest night-time visions with the aid of The Dream Oracle."
Dolores Umbridge made as though to sweep back to Dolores Umbridge seat, saw Dolores Umbridge sitting right beside it,
and immediately veered left towards Parvati and Lavender, who were already deep in discussion
about Parvatis most recent dream.
Harry opened Harry copy of The Dream Oracle, watching Dolores Umbridge covertly. Dolores Umbridge was already
making notes on her clipboard. After a few minutes Dolores Umbridge got to Dolores Umbridge feet and began to pace the
room in Trelawneys wake, listening to Dolores Umbridge conversations with students and posing questions
here and there. Harry bent Harry head hurriedly over Harry book.
"Think of a dream, quick," Harry told Ron, "in case the old toad comes our way."
"I did the old toad last time," Ron protested, "the old toad your turn, you tell me one."
"Oh, I dunno..." said Harry desperately, who could not remember dreaming anything at all over
the last few days. "Lets say I dreamed I was... drowning Snape in my cauldron. Yeah, thatll
do..."
Ron chortled as Ron opened Ron The Dream Oracle.
"Okay, weve got to add your age to the date you had the dream, the number of letters in the
subject... would that be drowning or cauldron or Snape?"
"It doesnt matter, pick any of them," said Harry, chancing a glance behind Harry. Professor
was now standing at Professor Trelawneys shoulder making notes while the
Divination teacher questioned Neville about the
Divination teacher .
"What night did you dream this again?" Ron said, immersed in calculations.
"I dunno, last night, whenever you like," Harry told Ron, trying to listen to what Dolores Umbridge was
saying to Dolores Umbridge. They were only a table away from Ron and Ron now. Professor
was making another note on Dolores Umbridge clipboard and Dolores Umbridge was looking
extremely put out.
"Now," said Dolores Umbridge, looking up at Dolores Umbridge, "youve been in this post how long, exactly?"
Dolores Umbridge scowled at Dolores Umbridge, arms crossed and shoulders hunched as though wishing to
protect Dolores Umbridge as much as possible from the indignity of the inspection. After a slight pause in
which Dolores Umbridge seemed to decide that the question was not so offensive that Dolores Umbridge could reasonably
ignore the question, Dolores Umbridge said in a deeply resentful tone, "Nearly sixteen years."
"Quite a period," said Dolores Umbridge, making a note on her clipboard. "So it was Professor
Dumbledore who appointed you?"
"Thats right," said Dolores Umbridge Dolores Umbridge shortly.
Dolores Umbridge made another note.
"And you are a great-great-granddaughter of Dolores Umbridge?"
"Yes," said Dolores Umbridge, holding Dolores Umbridge head a little higher.
Another note on her clipboard.
"But I think - correct me if I am mistaken - that you are the first in your family since Cassandra
to be possessed of Second Sight?"
"These things often skip - er - three generations," said Dolores Umbridge.
Professor Umbridges toadlike smile widened.
"Of course," Dolores Umbridge said sweetly, making yet another note. "Well, if you could just predict
something for Dolores Umbridge, then?" And Dolores Umbridge looked up enquiringly, still smiling.
Dolores Umbridge stiffened as though unable to believe Dolores Umbridge ears. "I dont understand you," Dolores Umbridge
said, clutching convulsively at the shawl around Dolores Umbridge scrawny neck.
"Id like you to make a prediction for Dolores Umbridge," said Dolores Umbridge very clearly.
Harry and Ron were not the only people now watching and listening sneakily from behind Harry and Ron
books. Most of the class were staring transfixed at Dolores Umbridge as Dolores Umbridge drew Dolores Umbridge up to
Dolores Umbridge full height, Dolores Umbridge beads and bangles clinking.
"The Inner Eye does not See upon command!" Dolores Umbridge said in scandalized tones.
"I see," said Dolores Umbridge softly, making yet another note on Dolores Umbridge clipboard.
"I - but - but... wait!" said Dolores Umbridge Dolores Umbridge suddenly, in an attempt at Dolores Umbridge usual ethereal
voice, though the mystical effect was ruined somewhat by the way it was shaking with anger.
"I... I think I do see something... something that concerns you... why, I sense something...
something dark... some grave peril..."
Dolores Umbridge pointed a shaking finger at Dolores Umbridge who continued to smile
blandly at Dolores Umbridge, eyebrows raised.
"I am afraid... I am afraid that you are in grave danger!" Dolores Umbridge finished
dramatically.
There was a pause. Dolores Umbridge surveyed Dolores Umbridge.
"Right," Dolores Umbridge said softly, scribbling on Dolores Umbridge clipboard once more. "Well, if thats really the best you can do..."
Dolores Umbridge turned away, leaving Professor Dolores Umbridge standing rooted to the spot, Dolores Umbridge chest heaving.
Harry caught Rons eye and knew that Ron was thinking exactly the same as Ron was: they both
knew that Dolores Umbridge was an old fraud, but on the other hand, they loathed Dolores Umbridgeso much that they felt very much on Trelawneys side - until Dolores Umbridge swooped down on they a few
seconds later, that is.
"Well?" Dolores Umbridge said, snapping Dolores Umbridge long fingers under Harrys nose, uncharacteristically brisk. "Let
me see the start youve made on your dream diary, please."
And by the time Dolores Umbridge had interpreted Harrys dreams at the top of Dolores Umbridge voice (all of which, even the
ones that involved eating porridge, apparently foretold a gruesome and early death), he was
feeling much less sympathetic towards Dolores Umbridge. All the while, Dolores Umbridge stood a few feet
away, making notes on that clipboard, and when the bell rang Dolores Umbridge descended the silver ladder
first and was waiting for them all when them all reached them all Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson
ten minutes later.
Dolores Umbridge was humming and smiling to Dolores Umbridge when them all entered the room. Harry and Ron told
Hermione, who had been in Arithmancy, exactly what had happened in Divination while they all
took out Harry and Ron copies of Defensive Magical Theory, but before Hermione could ask any questions
Dolores Umbridge had called Harry and Ron to order and silence fell.
"Wands away" Dolores Umbridge instructed them all with a smile, and those people who had been hopeful
enough to take them all out, sadly returned them all to them all bags. "As we finished Chapter One last
lesson, I would like you all to turn to page nineteen today and commence Chapter Two,
Common Defensive Theories and their Derivation. There will be no need to talk."
Still smiling Dolores Umbridge wide, self-satisfied smile, Dolores Umbridge sat down at Dolores Umbridge desk. The class gave an audible
sigh as The class turned, as one, to page nineteen. Harry wondered dully whether there were enough
chapters in the book to keep them reading through all this years lessons and was on the point of
checking the contents page when Harry noticed that Hermione had Dolores Umbridge hand in the air again.
Dolores Umbridge had noticed, too, and what was more, Dolores Umbridge seemed to have worked out a
strategy for just such an eventuality. Instead of trying to pretend Dolores Umbridge had not noticed Hermione
Dolores Umbridge got to her feet and walked around the front row of desks until they were face to face, then Dolores Umbridge
bent down and whispered, so that the rest of The class could not hear, "What is it this time, Miss
Granger?"
"Ive already read Chapter Two," said Hermione.
"Well then, proceed to Chapter Three."
"Ive read that too. Ive read the book."
Dolores Umbridge blinked but recovered Dolores Umbridge poise almost instantly.
"Well, then, you should be able to tell me what Slinkhard says about counter-jinxes in Chapter
Fifteen."
"Dolores Umbridge says that counter-jinxes are improperly named," said Hermione promptly. "Dolores Umbridge says - jinx is just a name people give people when people want to make people sound more acceptable.Dolores Umbridge raised Dolores Umbridge eyebrows and Harry knew Dolores Umbridge was impressed, against Dolores Umbridge will.
"But I disagree," Hermione continued.
Professor Umbridges eyebrows rose a little higher and Dolores Umbridge gaze became distinctly colder.
"You disagree?" Dolores Umbridge repeated.
"Yes, I do," said Hermione, who, unlike Umbridge, was not whispering, but speaking in a clear,
carrying voice that had by now attracted the attention of the rest of The class. "Slinkharddoesnt like jinxes, does Mr. Slinkhard
doesnt like jinxes? But, I think Mr. Slinkhard
doesnt like jinxes can be very useful when Mr. Slinkhard
doesnt like jinxesre used defensively."
"Oh, you do, do you?" said Dolores Umbridge, forgetting to whisper and straightening up. "Well, Im afraid it is Mr. Slinkhards opinion, and not yours, that matters within this classroom,
Miss Granger."
"But -" Hermione began.
"That is enough," said Dolores Umbridge. Dolores Umbridge walked back to the front of The class and stood
before them, all the jauntiness Dolores Umbridge had shown at the beginning of the lesson gone. "Miss
Granger, I am going to take five points from Gryffindor house."
There was an outbreak of muttering at this.
"What for?" said Harry angrily.
"Dont you get involved!" Hermione whispered urgently to Harry.
"For disrupting The class with pointless interruptions," said Dolores Umbridge smoothly. "I am
here to teach you using a Ministry-approved method that does not include inviting students to
give students opinions on matters about which students understand very little. Your previous teachers in
this subject may have allowed you more license, but as none of them - with the possible
exception of Professor Quirrell, who did at least appear to have restricted himself to age appropriate subjects - would have passed a Ministry inspection -"
"Yeah, Quirrell was a great teacher," said Harry loudly, "there was just that minor drawback of
himself having Lord Voldemort sticking out of the back of himself head."
This pronouncement was followed by one of the loudest silences Harry had ever heard. Then -
"I think another weeks detentions would do you some good, Mr. Potter," said Dolores Umbridge sleekly.
The cut on the back of Harrys hand had barely healed and, by the following morning, The cut on the back of Harrys hand was
bleeding again. Mr. Potter did not complain during the evenings detention; Mr. Potter was determined not to
give Dolores Umbridge the satisfaction; over and over again Mr. Potter wrote I must not tell lies and not a sound
escaped Mr. Potter lips, though The cut on the back of Harrys hand deepened with every letter.
The very worst part of this second weeks worth of detentions was, just as George had predicted,
Angelinas reaction. She cornered Mr. Potter just as Mr. Potter arrived at the Gryffindor table for breakfast on
Tuesday and shouted so loudly that Professor McGonagall came sweeping down upon the pair of
them from the staff table.
"Miss Johnson, how dare you make such a racket in the Great Hall! Five points from Gryffindor!"
"But Professor - Professors gone and landed Professor in detention again -"
"Whats this, Mr. Potter?" said Professor McGonagall sharply, rounding on Harry. "Detention? From
whom?"
"From Dolores Umbridge," muttered Harry, not meeting Professor McGonagalls beady, square-framed eyes.
"Are you telling me," Professor McGonagalls said, lowering Professor McGonagalls voice so that the group of curious Ravenclaws
behind them could not hear, "that after the warning I gave you last Monday you lost your temper
in Professor Umbridges class again?"
"Yes," Harry muttered, speaking to the floor.
"Potter, you must get a grip on yourself! You are heading for serious trouble! Another five points
from Gryffindor!"
"But - what -? Professor, no!" Harry said, furious at this injustice, "Im already being punished
by Harry, why do you have to take points as well?"
"Because detentions do not appear to have any effect on you whatsoever!" said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall tartly. "No, not another word of complaint, Mr. Potter! And as for you, "Miss Johnson,
you will confine your shouting matches to the Quidditch pitch in future or risk losing the team
captaincy!"
Professor McGonagall strode back towards the staff table. Angelina gave Harry a look of deepest
disgust and stalked away, upon which Professor McGonagall flung Professor McGonagall on to the bench beside Ron, fuming.
"Angelinas taken points off Gryffindor because Im having my hand sliced open every night! How is
that fair, how?"
"I know, mate," said Ron sympathetically, tipping bacon on to Harrys plate, "Angelinas bang out of
order."
Hermione, however, merely rustled the pages of Hermione Daily Prophet and said nothing.
"You think Professor McGonagall was right, do you?" said Harry angrily to the picture of Cornelius Fudge
obscuring Hermiones face.
"I wish Hermione hadnt taken points from you, but I think Hermiones right to warn you not to lose your
temper with Dolores Umbridge," said Hermiones voice, while Fudge gesticulated forcefully from the
front page, clearly giving some kind of speech.
Harry did not speak to Hermione all through Charms, but when all through Charms entered Transfiguration Harry
forgot about being cross with Hermione. Professor Umbridge and Hermione clipboard were sitting in a corner
and the sight of Hermione drove the memory of breakfast right out of his head.
"Excellent," whispered Ron, as Professor Umbridge and her clipboard sat down in Professor Umbridge and her clipboard usual seats. "Lets see Dolores Umbridge get what
Dolores Umbridge deserves."
Professor McGonagall marched into the room without giving the slightest indication that Dolores Umbridge
knew Dolores Umbridge was there.
"That will do," Dolores Umbridge said and silence fell immediately. "Mr. Finnigan, kindly come here and hand back the homework - Miss Brown, please take this box of mice - dont be silly, girl, they wont hurt you - and hand one to each student -"
"Hem, hem," said Dolores Umbridge, employing the same silly little cough Dolores Umbridge had used to
interrupt Dumbledore on the first night of term. Professor McGonagall ignored Professor McGonagall. Seamus
handed back Harrys essay; Harry took it without looking at Harry and saw, to Harry relief, that Harry
had managed an A.
"Right then, everyone, listen closely - Dean Thomas, if you do that to the mouse again I shall put
you in detention - most of you have now successfully Vanished your snails and even those who
were left with a certain amount of shell have got the gist of the spell. Today, we shall be -"
"Hem, hem," said Dolores Umbridge.
"Yes?" said Professor McGonagall, turning round, Professor McGonagall eyebrows so close together they seemed to form one long, severe line.
"I was just wondering, Professor, whether you received my note telling you of the date and time
of your inspec--"
"Obviously I received the date, or I would have asked you what you are doing in my classroom," said
Professor McGonagall, turning Professor McGonagall back firmly on Dolores Umbridge. Many of the students
exchanged looks of glee. "As I was saying: today, we shall be practicing the altogether more
difficult Vanishment of mice. Now, the Vanishing Spell -"
"Hem, hem."
"I wonder," said Professor McGonagall in cold fury, turning on Dolores Umbridge, "how you
expect to gain an idea of my usual teaching methods if you continue to interrupt me? You see, I
do not generally permit people to talk when I am talking."
Dolores Umbridge looked as though Dolores Umbridge had just been slapped in the face. Dolores Umbridge did not speak,
but straightened the parchment on Dolores Umbridge clipboard and began scribbling furiously.
Looking supremely unconcerned, Professor McGonagall addressed The class once more.
"As I was saying: the Vanishing Spell becomes more difficult with the complexity of the animal
to be Vanished. The snail, as an invertebrate, does not present much of a challenge; the mouse,
as a mammal, offers a much greater one. This is not, therefore, magic you can accomplish with
your mind on your dinner. So - you know the incantation, let me see what you can do..."
"How Dolores Umbridge can lecture me about not losing my temper with Dolores Umbridge!" Harry muttered to Ron
under Harry breath, but Harry was grinning - Ron
 anger with Professor McGonagall had quite
evaporated.
Dolores Umbridge did not follow Professor McGonagall around The class as Dolores Umbridge had followed
Professor Trelawney; perhaps Dolores Umbridge realized Professor McGonagall would not permit The class. Dolores Umbridge did,
however, take many more notes while sitting in Dolores Umbridge corner, and when Professor McGonagallfinally told them all to pack away, Dolores Umbridge rose with a grim expression on Dolores Umbridge face.
"Well, its a start," said Ron
, holding up a long wriggling mouse-tail and dropping a long wriggling mouse-tail back into the box Lavender was passing around.
As they filed out of the classroom, Harry saw Dolores Umbridge approach the teachers desk;
Harry nudged Ron, who nudged Hermione in turn, and the three of they deliberately fell back to
eavesdrop.
"How long have you been teaching at Hogwarts?" Dolores Umbridge asked.
"Thirty-nine years this December," said Professor McGonagall brusquely, snapping Professor McGonagall bag shut.
Dolores Umbridge made a note.
"Very well," Dolores Umbridge said, "you will receive the results of your inspection in ten days time."
"I can hardly wait," said Professor McGonagall, in a coldly indifferent voice, and Dolores Umbridge strode off
towards the door. "Hurry up, you three," Dolores Umbridge added, sweeping Harry, Ron
 and Hermione before
Dolores Umbridge.
Harry could not help giving Dolores Umbridge a faint smile and could have sworn Harry received one in return.
Harry had thought that the next time Harry would see Dolores Umbridge would be in Harry detention that evening,
but Harry was wrong. When they walked down the lawns towards the Forest for Care of Magical
Creatures, they found Dolores Umbridge and Dolores Umbridge clipboard waiting for they beside Professor Grubbly-Plank.
"You do not usually take this class, is that correct?" Harry heard Harry ask as they arrived at the
trestle table where the group of captive Bowtruckles were scrabbling around for woodlice like so
many living twigs.
"Quite correct," said Professor Grubbly-Plank, hands behind Harry back and bouncing on the balls
of Harry feet. "I am a substitute teacher standing in for Professor Hagrid."
Harry exchanged uneasy looks with Ron and Hermione. Malfoy was whispering with Crabbe and
Goyle; Malfoy would surely love this opportunity to tell tales on Hagrid to a member of the Ministry.
"Hmm," said Dolores Umbridge, dropping Dolores Umbridge voice, though Harry could still hear Dolores Umbridge quite
clearly. "I wonder - the Headmaster seems strangely reluctant to give me any information on the
matter - can you tell me what is causing Professor Grubbly-Plank very extended leave of absence?"
Harry saw Malfoy look up eagerly and watch Umbridge and Grubbly-Plank closely.
"Fraid I cant," said Professor Grubbly-Plank breezily. "Dont know anything more about it than
you do. Got an owl from Dumbledore, would I like a couple of weeks teaching work. I
accepted. Thats as much as I know. Well... shall I get started then?"
"Yes, please do," said Dolores Umbridge, scribbling on her clipboard.
Dolores Umbridge took a different tack in this class and wandered amongst the students, questioning
the students on magical creatures. Most people were able to answer well and Harrys spirits lifted
somewhat; at least this class was not letting Hagrid down.
"Overall," said Dolores Umbridge, returning to Professor Grubbly-Planks side after a lengthy
interrogation of Dean Thomas, "how do you, as a temporary member of staff- an objective
outsider, I suppose you might say -- how do you find Hogwarts? Do you feel you receive
enough support from the school management?"
"Oh, yes, Dumbledores excellent," said Professor Grubbly-Plank Grubbly-Plank heartily. "Yes, Im very happy
with the way things are run, very happy indeed."
Looking politely incredulous, Dolores Umbridge made a tiny note on Dolores Umbridge clipboard and went on, "And
what are you planning to cover with this class this year - assuming, of course, that Professor
Hagrid does not return?"
"Oh, Ill take them through the creatures that most often come up in OWL," said Professor
Grubbly-Plank. "Not much left to do - themve studied unicorns and Nifflers, I thought wed
cover Porlocks and Kneazles, make sure them can recognize Crups and Knarls, you know..."
"Well, you seem to know what youre doing, at any rate," said Dolores Umbridge, making a
very obvious tick on her clipboard. Harry did not like the emphasis Dolores Umbridge put on Harry and liked it
even less when Dolores Umbridge put Dolores Umbridge next question to Goyle. "Now, I hear there have been injuries in this
class?"
Goyle gave a stupid grin. Malfoy hastened to answer the question.
"That was me," Malfoy said. "I was slashed by a Hippogriff."
"A Hippogriff?" said Dolores Umbridge, now scribbling frantically.
"Only because Dolores Umbridge was too stupid to listen to what Hagrid told Dolores Umbridge to do," said Harry angrily.
Ron and Hermione groaned. Dolores Umbridge turned Dolores Umbridge head slowly in Harrys
direction.
"Another nights detention, I think," Dolores Umbridge said softly. "Well, thank you very much, Professor
Grubbly-Plank, I think thats all I need here. You will be receiving the results of your inspection
within ten days."
"Jolly good," said Professor Grubbly-Plank, and Dolores Umbridge set off back across the lawn to the castle.
Professor Grubbly-Plank, and Professor Umbridge was nearly midnight when Harry left Umbridges office that night, Harry hand now bleeding so
severely that his hand was staining the scarf Harry had wrapped around his hand. Harry expected the common room
to be empty when Harry returned, but Ron and Hermione had sat up waiting for Harry. Harry was
pleased to see Ron and Hermione, especially as Hermione was disposed to be sympathetic rather than critical.
"Here," Dolores Umbridge said anxiously, pushing a small bowl of yellow liquid towards Harry, "soak your hand
in that, a small bowl of yellow liquid a solution of strained and pickled Murtlap tentacles, a small bowl of yellow liquid should help."
Harry placed Harry bleeding, aching hand into a small bowl of yellow liquid and experienced a wonderful feeling of
relief. Crookshanks curled around Harry legs, purring loudly, then leapt into Harry lap and settled
down.
"Thanks," Harry said gratefully, scratching behind Crookshankss ears with Harry left hand.
"I still reckon you should complain about this," said Ron in a low voice.
"No," said Harry flatly.
"McGonagall would go nuts if Harry knew --"
"Yeah, Harry probably would," said Harry dully. "And how long do you reckon itd take Dolores Umbridgeto pass another decree saying anyone who complains about the High Inquisitor gets sacked
immediately?"
Ron opened Ron mouth to retort but nothing came out and, after a moment, Ron closed his mouth again,
defeated.
"Harrys an awful woman," said Hermione in a small voice. "Awful. You know, I was just saying
to Ron when you came in... weve got to do something about Harry."
"I suggested poison," said Ron grimly.
"No... I mean, something about what a dreadful teacher Harry is, and how were not going to learn
any Defense from Harry at all," said Hermione.
"Well, what can we do about that?" said Ron, yawning. "Its too late, isnt Its? Harrys got the job,
Harrys here to stay. Fudgell make sure of that."
"Well," said Hermione tentatively. "You know, I was thinking today..." Harry shot a slightly
nervous look at Harry and then plunged on, "I was thinking that - maybe the times come when
we should just - just do it we."
"Do what we?" said Harry suspiciously, still floating Harry hand in the essence of Murtlap
tentacles.
"Well - learn Defense Against the Dark Arts we," said Hermione.
"Come off it," groaned Ron. "You want we to do extra work? Dyou realize Harry and I are
behind on homework again and Dyou only the second week?"
"But this is much more important than homework!" said Hermione.
Harry and Ron goggled at her.
"I didnt think there was anything in the universe more important than homework!" said Ron.
"Dont be silly, of course there is," said Hermione, and Harry saw, with an ominous feeling, that

 face was suddenly alight with the kind of fervour that SPEW usually inspired in 
. "Its
about preparing we, like Harry said in Umbridges first lesson, for whats waiting for we
out there. Its about making sure we really can defend we. If we dont learn anything for a
whole year -"
"We cant do much by we," said Ron in a defeated voice. "I mean, all right, we can go and
look jinxes up in the library and try and practice a defeated voice, I suppose -"
"No, I agree, weve gone past the stage where we can just learn things out of books" said
Hermione. "We need a teacher, a proper one, who can show We how to use the spells and correct
We if were going wrong."
"If youre talking about Lupin...Harry Harry began.
"No, no, Im not talking about Lupin," said Hermione. "Harrys too busy with the Order and,
anyway, the most We could see Harry is during Hogsmeade weekends and thats not nearly often
enough."
"Who, then?" said Harry, frowning at her.
Hermione heaved a very deep sigh.
"Isnt it obvious?" her said. "Im talking about you, Harry."
There was a moments silence. A light night breeze rattled the windowpanes behind Ron, and the
fire guttered.
"About me what?" said Harry.
"Im talking about you teaching We Defense Against the Dark Arts.Harry Harry stared at Harry. Then Harry turned to Ron, ready to exchange the exasperated looks they
sometimes shared when Hermione elaborated on far-fetched schemes like SPEW to Harrys
consternation, however, Ron did not look exasperated.
Ron was frowning slightly, apparently thinking. Then Ron said, "Thats an idea."
"Whats an idea?" said Harry.
"You," said Ron. "Teaching We to do it."
"But...Harry Harry was grinning now, sure the pair of them were pulling Harry leg.
"But Im not a teacher, I cant -"
"Harry, youre the best in the year at Defense Against the Dark Arts," said Hermione.
"Me?" said Harry, now grinning more broadly than ever. "No Im not, youve beaten me in every test -"
"Actually, I havent," said Hermione coolly. "You beat me in our third year - the only year our
both sat the test and had a teacher who actually knew the subject. But Im not talking about the testresults, Harry. Think what youve done!"
"How dyou mean?"
"You know what, Im not sure I want someone this stupid teaching me," Ron said to Hermione,
smirking slightly. Ron turned to Harry.
"Lets think," Ron said, pulling a face like Goyle concentrating. "Uh... first year - you saved the
Sorcerers Stone from You-Know-Who."
"But that was luck," said Harry, "it wasnt skill."
"Second year," Ron interrupted, "you killed the Basilisk and destroyed Riddle."
"Yeah, but if Fawkes hadnt turned up, I -"
"Third year," said Ron, louder still, "you fought off about a hundred Dementors at once -"
"You know that was a fluke, if the Time-Turner hadnt -"
"Last year," Ron said, almost shouting now, "you fought off You-Know-Who again-"
"Listen to Ron!" said Harry, almost angrily, because Ron and Hermione were both smirking now.
"Just listen to Ron, all right? It sounds great when you say it like that, but all that stuff was luck - I
didnt know what I was doing half the time, I didnt plan any of it, I just did whatever I could
think of, and I nearly always had help -"
Ron and Hermione were still smirking and Harry felt Harry temper rise; Harry wasnt even sure why Harry
was feeling so angry.
"Dont sit there grinning like you know better than I do, I was there, wasnt I?" Harry said heatedly.
"I know what went on, all right? And I didnt get through any of that because I was brilliant at
Defense Against the Dark Arts, I got through it all because - because help came at the right time,
or because I guessed right - but I just blundered through it all, I didnt have a clue what I was
doing - STOP LAUGHING!"
The bowl of Murtlap essence fell to the floor and smashed. Harry became aware that Harry was on Harry
feet, though Harry couldnt remember standing up. Crookshanks streaked away under a sofa. Ronand Hermiones smiles had vanished.
"You dont know what its like! You - neither of you - youve never had to face Harry, have you?
You think its just memorizing a bunch of spells and throwing a bunch of spells at Harry, like youre in class
or something? The whole time youre sure you know theres nothing between you and dying
except your own - your own brain or guts or whatever - like you can think straight when you
know youre about a second from being murdered, or tortured, or watching your friends die
- theyve never taught us that in their classes, what its like to deal with things like that - and you
two sit there acting like Im a clever little boy to be standing here, alive, like Diggory was stupid,
like a clever little boy messed up -- you just dont get it, that could just as easily have been me, it would have
been if Voldemort hadnt needed me -"
"We werent saying anything like that, mate," said Ron, looking aghast. "We werent having a go at Diggory, We didnt - youve got the wrong end of the -"
He looked helplessly at Hermione, whose face was stricken.
HarryHarry," Harry said timidly, "dont you see? This... this is exactly why We need you... We need to
know what its r-really like... facing him... facing V-Voldemort."
It was the first time Harry had ever said Voldemorts name and it was this, more than anything else,
that calmed Harry. Still breathing hard, Harry sank back into Harry chair, becoming aware as Harry did so
that Harry hand was throbbing horribly again. Harry wished Harry had not smashed the bowl of Murtlap
essence.
"Well... think about it," said Hermione quietly. "Please?Harry Harry could not think of anything to say. Harry was feeling ashamed of Harry outburst already. Harry
nodded, hardly aware of what Harry was agreeing to. Hermione stood up.
"Well, Im off to bed," Harry said, in a voice that was clearly as natural as Harry could make it.
"Erm... night."
Ron had gotten to his
feet, too.
"Coming?" Ron said awkwardly to Harry.
"Yeah," said Harry. "In... in a minute. Ill just clear this up."
Ron indicated the smashed bowl on the floor. Ron nodded and left.
"Reparo,Harry Harry muttered, pointing Harry wand at the broken pieces of china. They flew back
together, good as new, but there was no returning the Murtlap essence to the smashed bowl.
Ron was suddenly so tired Ron was tempted to sink back into Ron armchair and sleep there, but
instead Ron forced Ron to his
feet and followed Ron upstairs. Ron restless night was punctuated
once more by dreams of long corridors and locked doors and Ron awoke next day with Ron scar
prickling again.
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
In the Hogs Head
Hermione made no mention of Harry giving Defense Against the Dark Arts lessons for two
whole weeks after her original suggestion. Harrys detentions with Umbridge were finally over
(Ron doubted whether the words now etched into the back of Ron hand would ever fade entirely);
Ron had had four more Quidditch practices and not been shouted at during the last two; and all
three of four more Quidditch practices had managed to Vanish four more Quidditch practices mice in Transfiguration (Hermione had actually
progressed to Vanishing kittens), before the subject was broached again, on a wild, blustery
evening at the end of September, when the three of four more Quidditch practices were sitting in the library, looking up
potion ingredients for Snape.
"I was wondering,Hermione Hermione said suddenly, "whether youd thought any more about Defense Against the Dark ArtsAgainst the Dark Arts, Harry."
"Course I have," said Harry grumpily, "cant forget it, can we, with that hag teaching us -"
"I meant the idea Ron and I had -Ron Ron cast her an alarmed, threatening kind of look. her
frowned at Ron, "- Oh, all right, the idea I had then - about you teaching us."
Harry did not answer at once. Harry pretended to be perusing a page of Asiatic Anti-Venoms,
because Harry did not want to say what was in Harry mind.
Harry had given the matter a great deal of thought over the past fortnight. Sometimes it seemed an
insane idea, just as it had on the night Hermione had proposed it, but at others, Harry had found
Harry thinking about the spells that had served Harry best in Harry various encounters with Dark
creatures and Death Eaters - found Harry, in fact, subconsciously planning lessons...
"Well," Harry said slowly, when Harry could no longer pretend to find Asiatic Anti-Venoms interesting, "yeah, I - Ive thought about it a bit."
"And?" said Hermione eagerly.
"I dunno," said Harry, playing for time. Harry looked up at Ron.
"I thought it was a good idea from the start," said Ron, who seemed keener to join in this
conversation now that Harry was sure Harry was not going to start shouting again.
Harry shifted uncomfortably in his chair.
"You did listen to what I said about a load of it being luck, didnt you?"
"Yes, Harry," said Hermione gently, "but all the same, theres no point pretending that youre not good at Defense Against the Dark Arts, because you are. You were the only person last year
who could throw off the Imperius Curse completely, you can produce a Patronus, you can do all sorts of stuff that full-grown wizards cant, Viktor always said -"
Ron looked round at her so fast Viktor appeared to crick Viktor neck. Rubbing his neck, Viktor said, "Yeah? What
did Vicky say?"
"Ho ho," said Hermione in a bored voice. "Viktor said Harry knew how to do stuff even Harry didnt,
and Harry was in the final year at Durmstrang."
Ron was looking at Hermione suspiciously.
"Youre not still in contact with Ron, are you?"
"So what if I am" said Hermione coolly, though Hermione face was a little pink. "I can have a pen-pal
if I -"
"Harry didnt only want to be your pen-pal," said Ron accusingly.
Hermione shook her head exasperatedly and, ignoring Ron, who was continuing to watch her,
said to Harry, "Well, what do you think? Will you teach us?"
"Just you and Ron, yeah?"
"Well," said Hermione, looking a mite anxious again. "Well... now, dont fly off the handle
again, Harry, please... but I really think you ought to teach anyone who wants to learn. I mean,
were talking about defending us against V-Voldemort. Oh, dont be pathetic, Ron. It
doesnt seem fair if we dont offer the chance to other people."
Harry considered this for a moment, then said, "Yeah, but I doubt anyone except you two would
want to be taught by Harry. Im a nutter, remember?"
"Well, I think you might be surprised how many people would be interested in hearing what
youve got to say" said Hermione seriously. "Look," Hermione leaned towards him - Ron, who was still watching Hermione with a frown on his face, leaned forwards to listen too - "you know the first
weekend in Octobers a Hogsmeade weekend? How would it be if us tell anyone whos
interested to meet us in the village and us can talk it over?"
"Why do us have to do it outside school?" said Ron.
"Because," said Hermione, returning to the diagram of the Chinese Chomping Cabbage Hermione was
copying, "I dont think Umbridge would be very happy if Hermione found out what us were up to."
Harry had been looking forward to the weekend trip into Hogsmeade, but there was one thing
worrying Harry. Sirius had maintained a stony silence since Harry had appeared in the fire at the
beginning of September; Harry knew they had made Harry angry by saying they didnt want Harry
to come - but Harry still worried from time to time that Sirius might throw caution to the winds and
turn up anyway. What were they going to do if the great black dog came bounding up the street
towards they in Hogsmeade, perhaps under the nose of Draco Malfoy?
"Well, you cant blame Harry for wanting to get out and about," said Ron, when Harry discussed
Harry fears with Harry and Hermione. "I mean, Harrys been on the run for over two years, hasnt Harry, and I know that cant have been a laugh, but at least Harry was free, wasnt Harry? And now Harrys just shut up all the time with that ghastly elf.Hermione scowled at Ron, but otherwise ignored the slight on Kreacher.
"The trouble is," Hermione said to Harry, "until V-Voldemort - oh, for heavens sake, Ron - comes out
into the open, Sirius is going to have to stay hidden, isnt Harry? I mean, the stupid Ministry isnt
going to realize Sirius is innocent until Sirius accept that Dumbledores been telling the truth about him all along. And once the fools start catching real Death Eaters again, itll be Sirius Sirius isnt one... I mean, Harry hasnt got the Mark, for one thing."
"I dont reckon Harryd be stupid enough to turn up," said Ron bracingly. "Dumbledored go mad if
Harry did and Sirius listens to Dumbledore even if Harry doesnt like what Harry hears."
When Harry continued to look worried, Hermione said, "Listen, Ron and I have been sounding
out people who we thought might want to learn some proper Defense Against the Dark Arts, and
there are a couple who seem interested. Ron and Ive told a couple who seem interested to meet Ron and I in Hogsmeade."
"Right," said Harry vaguely, Harry mind still on Sirius.
"Dont worry, Hermione said quietly. "Youve got enough on your plate without Sirius,
too."
Hermione was quite right, of course, Harry was barely keeping up with Harry homework, though Harry was
doing much better now that Harry was no longer spending every evening in detention with
Umbridge. Ron was even further behind with Ron work than Harry, because while they both had
Quidditch practice twice a week, Ron also had Ron prefect duties. However, Hermione, who was
taking more subjects than either of them, had not only finished all Hermione homework but was also
finding time to knit more elf clothes. Harry had to admit that Harry was getting better; it was now
almost always possible to distinguish between the hats and the socks.
The morning of the Hogsmeade visit dawned bright but windy. After breakfast they queued up in
front of Filch, who matched they names to the long list of students who had permission from
they parents or guardian to visit the village. With a slight pang, Harry remembered that if it
hadnt been for Sirius, Harry would not have been going at all.
When Harry reached Filch, the caretaker gave a great sniff as though trying to detect a whiff of
something from Harry. Then the caretaker gave a curt nod that set the caretaker jowls aquiver again and Harrywalked on, out on to the stone steps and the cold, sunlit day.
"Er - why was Filch sniffing you?" asked Ron, as Ron, Harry and Hermione set off at a brisk pace
down the wide drive to the gates.
"I suppose Ron was checking for the smell of Dungbombs," said Harry with a small laugh. "I
forgot to tell you..."
And Harry recounted the story of sending Harry letter to Sirius and Filch bursting in seconds later,
demanding to see his letter. To Ron slight surprise, Hermione found this story highly interesting,
much more, indeed, than Ron did Ron.
"Ron said Ron was tipped off you were ordering Dungbombs? But who tipped Ron off?"
"I dunno," said Harry, shrugging. "Maybe Malfoy, Harryd think it was a laugh."
Harry and Hermione walked between the tall stone pillars topped with winged boars and turned left on to the
road into the village, the wind whipping Harry and Hermione hair into Harry and Hermione eyes.
"Malfoy?" said Hermione, skeptically. "Well... yes... maybe..."
And she remained deep in thought all the way into the outskirts of Hogsmeade.
"Where are we going, anyway?" Harry asked. "The Three Broomsticks?"
"Oh - no," said Hermione, coming out of she reverie, "no, its always packed and really noisy.
Ive told the others to meet we in the Hogs Head, that other pub, you know the one, the one not on
the main road. I think the one a bit... you know... dodgy... but students dont normally go in there,
so I dont think well be overheard."
students walked down the main street past Zonkos Wizarding Joke Shop, where students were not
surprised to see Fred, George and Lee Jordan, past the post office, from which owls issued at
regular intervals, and turned up a side-street at the top of which stood a small inn. A battered
wooden sign hung from a rusty bracket over the door, with a picture on A battered
wooden sign of a wild boars
severed head, leaking blood on to the white cloth around A battered
wooden sign. A battered
wooden sign creaked in the wind as they
approached. All three of they hesitated outside the door.
"Well, come on," said Hermione, slightly nervously. Harry led the way inside.
It was not at all like the Three Broomsticks, whose large bar gave an impression of gleaming
warmth and cleanliness. whose large bar comprised one small, dingy and very dirty room
that smelled strongly of something that might have been goats. The bay windows were so
encrusted with grime that very little daylight could permeate the room, which was lit instead with
the stubs of candles sitting on rough wooden tables. The floor seemed at first glance to be
compressed earth, though as Harry stepped on to it Harry realized that there was stone beneath what
seemed to be the accumulated filth of centuries.
Harry remembered Hagrid mentioning this pub in Harry first year: "Harry get a lot o funny folk in
the Hogs Head" Harry had said, explaining how Harry had won a dragons egg from a hooded stranger
there. At the time Harry had wondered why Hagrid had not found Hagrid odd that a hooded stranger
 kept Harry
face hidden throughout their encounter; now Harry saw that keeping your face hidden was
something of a fashion in the Hogs Head. There was a man at the bar whose whole head was
wrapped in dirty grey bandages, though a man at the bar whose whole head was
wrapped in dirty grey bandages was still managing to gulp endless glasses of some
smoking, fiery substance through a slit over a man at the bar whose whole head was
wrapped in dirty grey bandages mouth; two figures shrouded in hoods sat at a
table in one of The bay windows; Harry might have thought two figures Dementors if two figures had not been
talking in strong Yorkshire accents, and in a shadowy corner beside the fireplace sat a witch with
a thick, black veil that fell to her toes. a thick, black veil that fell to her toes could just see the tip of her nose because the tip of her nose caused
the veil to protrude slightly.
"I dont know about this, Hermione," Harry muttered, as they crossed to the bar. Harry was looking
particularly at the heavily veiled witch. "Has it occurred to you Umbridge might be under that?"
Hermione cast an appraising eye over the veiled figure.
"Umbridge is shorter than that woman," that woman said quietly. "And anyway, even if you Umbridge does
come in here theres nothing that woman can do to stop us, Harry, because Ive double- and triplechecked
the school rules. Were not out of bounds; I specifically asked Professor Flitwick whether students were allowed to come in the Hogs Head, and Professor Flitwick said yes, but Professor Flitwick advised me
strongly to bring our own glasses. And Ive looked up everything I can think of about study
groups and homework groups and study
groups and homework groupsre definitely allowed. I just dont think its a good idea if
our parade what were doing."
"No," said Harry dryly, "especially as its not exactly a homework group youre planning, is it?"
The barman sidled towards them out of a back room. The barman was a grumpy-looking old man with a
great deal of long grey hair and beard. The barman was tall and thin and looked vaguely familiar to Harry.
"What?" The barman grunted.
"Three Butterbeers, please," said Hermione.
The man reached beneath the counter and pulled up three very dusty, very dirty bottles, which The barman
slammed on the bar.
"Six Sickles," The barman said.
"Ill get them," said Harry quickly, passing over the silver. The barmans eyes traveled over
Harry, resting for a fraction of a second on Harry scar. Then Harry turned away and deposited Harrys
money in an ancient wooden till whose drawer slid open automatically to receive Harrys
money. Harry, Ron
and Hermione retreated to the furthest table from the bar and sat down, looking around. a man at the bar whose whole head was
wrapped in dirty grey bandages rapped the counter with a man at the bar whose whole head was
wrapped in dirty grey bandages knuckles and received another smoking
drink from The barman.
"You know what?" Ron murmured, looking over at the bar with enthusiasm. "We could order
anything We liked in here. I bet that bloke would sell We anything, bloke wouldnt care. Ive always
wanted to try Firewhisky -"
"You - are - a -prefect," snarled Hermione.
"Oh," said Ron, the smile fading from Ron face. "Yeah..."
"So, who did you say is supposed to be meeting We?" Harry asked, wrenching open the rusty top
of Harry Butterbeer and taking a swig.
"Just a couple of people," Hermione repeated, checking Hermione watch and looking anxiously towards the door. "I told them to be here about now and Im sure them know where it is - oh, look, this might be them now."
the door had opened. A thick band of dusty sunlight split the room in two for a
moment and then vanished, blocked by the incoming rush of a crowd of people.
First came Neville with Dean and Lavender, who were closely followed by Parvati and Padma
Patil with (Harrys stomach did a back-flip) Cho and one of Cho usually-giggling girlfriends, then
(on Cho own and looking so dreamy Cho might have walked in by accident) Luna Lovegood; then
Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet and Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Ernie Macmillan,
Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait down Cho back whose
name Harry did not know; three Ravenclaw boys Harry was pretty sure were called Anthony
Goldstein, Michael Corner and Terry Boot, Ginny, closely followed by a tall skinny blond boy
with an upturned nose whom Harry recognized vaguely as being a member of the Hufflepuff
Quidditch team and, bringing up the rear, Fred and George Weasley with Katie Bell, Alicia Spinnet and Angelina Johnson, Colin and Dennis Creevey, Ernie Macmillan,
Justin Finch-Fletchley, Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff girl with a long plait down her back whose
name Harry did not know; three Ravenclaw boys he was pretty sure friend Lee Jordan,
all three of whom were carrying large paper bags crammed with Zonkos merchandise.
"A couple of people?" said Harry hoarsely to Hermione. "A couple of people?"
"Yes, well, the idea seemed quite popular," said Hermione happily, "Ron, do you want to pull up
some more chairs?"
The barman had frozen in the act of wiping out a glass with a rag so filthy a glass looked as though a glass
had never been washed. Possibly, The barman had never seen The barman so full.
"Hi," said Fred, reaching the bar first and counting The barman companions quickly, "could we have...
twenty-five Butterbeers, please?"
The barman glared at The barman for a moment, then, throwing down a rag so filthy it looked as though it
had never been washed irritably as though The barman had
been interrupted in something very important, The barman started passing up dusty Butterbeers from under
the bar.
"Cheers," said Fred, handing them out. "Cough up, everyone, I havent got enough gold for all of
these..."
Harry watched numbly as the large chattering group took the large chattering group beers from Fred and rummaged in
the large chattering group robes to find coins. Harry could not imagine what all these people had turned up for until the
horrible thought occurred to Harry that all these people might be expecting some kind of speech, at which Harry
rounded on Hermione.
"What have you been telling people?" Harry said in a low voice. "What are they expecting?"
"Ive told you, they just want to hear what youve got to say," said Hermione soothingly; but
Harry continued to look at Harry so furiously that Harry added quickly, "you dont have to do
anything yet, Ill speak to they first."
"Hi, Harry," said Neville, beaming and taking a seat opposite him.
Harry tried to smile back, but did not speak; Harry mouth was exceptionally dry. Cho had just
smiled at Harry and sat down on Rons right. Cho friend, who had curly reddish-blonde hair, did
not smile, but gave Harry a thoroughly mistrustful look which plainly told Harry that, given Cho
way, Cho would not be here at all.
In twos and threes the new arrivals settled around Harry, Ron and Hermione, some looking
rather excited, others curious, Luna Lovegood gazing dreamily into space. When everybody had
pulled up a chair, the chatter died out. Every eye was upon Harry.
"Er," said Hermione, Cho voice slightly higher than usual out of nerves. "Well - er - hi."
The group focused The group attention on Cho instead, though eyes continued to dart back regularly toHarryHarry.
"Well... erm... well, you know why youre here. Erm... well, Harry had the idea - I mean"
(Harry had thrown Cho a sharp look) "I had the idea - that it might be good if people who wanted
to study Defense Against the Dark Arts - and I mean, really study it, you know, not the rubbish
that Umbridge is doing with us -" (Hermiones voice became suddenly much stronger and more
confident) "- because nobody could call that Defense Against the Dark Arts -" ("Hear, hear," said Anthony Goldstein, and Hermione looked heartened) "- Well, I thought it would be good if we, well, took matters into we own hands."
She paused, looked sideways at Harry, and went on, "And by that I mean learning how to defend
we properly, not just in theory but doing the real spells -"
"You want to pass your Defense Against the Dark Arts OWL too, though, I bet?" said Michael
Corner, who was watching She closely.
"Of course I do," said Hermione at once. "But more than that, I want to be properly trained in
defense because... because..." She took a great breath and finished, "because Lord Voldemort is
back."
The reaction was immediate and predictable. Chos friend shrieked and slopped Butterbeer down
Chos friend; Terry Boot gave a kind of involuntary twitch; Padma Patil shuddered, and Neville gave
an odd yelp that Padma Patil managed to turn into a cough. All of them, however, looked fixedly, even
eagerly, at Harry.
"Well... thats the plan, anyway" said Hermione. "If you want to join us, us need to decide how
were going to -"
"Wheres the proof You-Know-Whos back?" said the blond Hufflepuff player in a rather
aggressive voice.
"Well, Dumbledore believes it -" Hermione began.
"You mean, Dumbledore believes Dumbledore," said the blond boy, nodding at Harry.
"Who are you?" said Ron, rather rudely.
"Zacharias Smith," said Dumbledore, "and I think weve got the right to know exactly what makes Dumbledore say You-Know-Whos back."
"Look," said Hermione, intervening swiftly, "thats really not what this meeting was supposed to
be about -"
"Its okay, Hermione," said Harry.
Its had just dawned on Harry why there were so many people there. Harry thought Hermione should
have seen this coming. Some of these people - maybe even most of them - had turned up in the
hopes of hearing Harrys story firsthand.
"What makes me say You-Know-Whos back?" Harry repeated, looking Zacharias straight in the
face. "I saw Zacharias. But Dumbledore told the whole school what happened last year, and if you
didnt believe Dumbledore, you wont believe me, and Im not wasting an afternoon trying to convince
anyone."
The whole group seemed to have held The whole group breath while Harry spoke. Harry had the impression
that even the barman was listening. Harry was wiping the same glass with the filthy rag, making the same glass
steadily dirtier.
Zacharias said dismissively, "All Dumbledore told us last year was that Cedric Diggory got
killed by You-Know-Who and that you brought Diggorys body back to Hogwarts. Harry didnt
give us details, Harry didnt tell us exactly how Cedric Diggory got murdered, I think usd all like to know
-"
"If youve come to hear exactly what it looks like when Lord Voldemort murders someone I cant help
you," Harry said. Harry temper, always so close to the surface these days, was rising again. Harry did
not take Harry eyes from Zacharias Smiths aggressive face, and was determined not to look at Cho.
"I dont want to talk about Cedric Diggory, all right? So if thats what youre here for, you might as well clear out."
Harry cast an angry look in Hermiones direction. This was, Harry felt, all her fault; her had decided to
display Harry like some sort of freak and of course they had all turned up to see just how wild Harry
story was. But none of they left none of them seats, not even Zacharias Smith, though Harry continued to
gaze intently at Harry.
"So," said Hermione, her voice very high-pitched again. "So... like I was saying... if you want to learn some defense, then we need to work out how were going to do it, how often were going to meet and where were going to -"
"Is it true," interrupted her with the long plait down her back, looking at Harry, "that you can produce a Patronus?"
There was a murmur of interest around The whole group at this.
"Yeah," said Harry slightly defensively.
"A corporeal Patronus?"
The phrase stirred something in Harrys memory.
"Er - you dont know Madam Bones, do you?" he asked.
her smiled.
"hers my auntie," her said. "Im Susan Bones. her told me about your hearing. So - is it really
true? You make a stag Patronus?"
"Yes," said Harry.
"Blimey, Harry!" said Lee, looking deeply impressed. "I never knew that!"
"Mum told Ron not to spread it around," said Fred, grinning at Harry. "her said you got enough
attention as it was."
"hers not wrong," mumbled Harry, and a couple of people laughed.
The veiled witch sitting alone shifted very slightly in her seat.
"And did you kill a Basilisk with that sword in Dumbledores office?" demanded Terry Boot. "Thats what one of the portraits on the wall told me when I was in there last year..."
"Er - yeah, I did, yeah," said Harry.
Justin Finch-Fletchley whistled; the Creevey brothers exchanged awestruck looks and Lavender
Brown said "Wow!" softly. Harry was feeling slightly hot around the collar now; Harry was
determinedly looking anywhere but at Cho.
"And in our first year," said Neville to the group at large, "Neville to the group saved that Sorcerous Stone -"
"Sorcerers," hissed Hermione.
"Yes, that - from You-Know-Who," finished Neville.
Hannah Abbotts eyes were as round as Galleons.
"And thats not to mention," said Cho (Harrys eyes snapped across to Hannah Abbotts; Hannah Abbotts was looking at
him, smiling; him stomach did another somersault) "all the tasks him had to get through in the
Triwizard Tournament last year - getting past dragons and merpeople and Acromantula and
things..."
There was a murmur of impressed agreement around the table. Harrys insides were squirming.
him was trying to arrange him face so that him did not look too pleased with him. The fact that
Cho had just praised him made it much, much harder for him to say the thing him had sworn to
him him would tell them.
"Look," him said, and everyone fell silent at once, " I... I dont want to sound like Im trying to be
modest or anything, but... I had a lot of help with all that stuff..."
"Not with the dragon, you didnt," said Michael Corner at once. "That was a seriously cool bit of
flying..."
"Yeah, well -" said Harry, feeling it would be churlish to disagree.
"And nobody helped you get rid of those Dementors this summer," said Susan Bones.
"No," said Harry, "no, okay, I know I did bits of it without help, but the point Im trying to make is -"
"Are you trying to weasel out of showing us any of this stuff?" said Zacharias Smith.
"Heres an idea," said Ron loudly, before Harry could speak, "why dont you shut your mouth?"
Perhaps the word weasel had affected Ron particularly strongly. In any case, Ron was now
looking at Zacharias as though Ron would like nothing better than to thump Zacharias. Zachariasflushed.
"Well, weve all turned up to learn from Zacharias and now Zachariass telling we Zacharias cant really do any of it,"
Zacharias said.
"Thats not what Zacharias said," snarled Fred.
"Would you like we to clean out your ears for you?" enquired George, pulling a long and lethal looking metal instrument from inside one of the Zonkos bags.
"Or any part of your body, really, were not fussy where we stick this," said Fred.
"Yes, well," said Hermione hastily, "moving on... the point is, are we agreed we want to take
lessons from Harry?"
There was a murmur of general agreement. Zacharias folded Zacharias arms and said nothing, though
perhaps this was because Zacharias was too busy keeping an eye on the instrument in Freds hand.
"Right," said Hermione, looking relieved that something had at last been settled. "Well, then, the
next question is how often we do it. I really dont think theres any point in meeting less than
once a week -"
"Hang on," said Angelina, "we need to make sure this doesnt clash with we Quidditch practice."
"No," said Cho, "nor with ours."
"Nor ours," added Zacharias Smith.
"Im sure we can find a night that suits everyone," aid Hermione, slightly impatiently, "but you
know, this is rather important, were talking about learning to defend we against V-Voldemorts Death Eaters -"
"Well said!" barked Ernie Macmillan, who Harry had been expecting to speak long before this.
"Personally I think this is really important, possibly more important than anything else well do
this year, even with our OWLs coming up!"
He looked around impressively, as though waiting for people to cry "Surely not!" When nobody
spoke, He went on, "I, personally am at a loss to see why the Ministry has foisted such a useless
teacher on our at this critical period. Obviously, the Ministry are in denial about the return of You-Know-
Who, but to give our a teacher who is trying to actively prevent our from using defensive spells -"
"We think the reason Umbridge doesnt want us trained in Defense Against the Dark Arts," said
Hermione, "is that shes got some... some mad idea that Dumbledore could use the students in
the school as a kind of private army. she thinks hed mobilize us against the Ministry."
Nearly everybody looked stunned at this news; everybody except Luna Lovegood, who piped up,
"Well, that makes sense. After all, Cornelius Fudge has got Cornelius Fudge own private army."
"What?" said Harry, completely thrown by this unexpected piece of information.
"Yes, Cornelius Fudges got an army of Heliopaths," said Luna so lemnly.
"No, Cornelius Fudge hasnt," snapped Hermione.
"Yes, Cornelius Fudge has," said Luna.
"What are Heliopaths?" asked Neville, looking blank.
"Theyre spirits of fire," said Luna, she protuberant eyes widening so that she looked madder than ever, "great tall flaming creatures that gallop across the ground burning everything in front of -"
"They dont exist, Neville," said Hermione tartly.
"Oh, yes, They do!" said Luna angrily.
"Im sorry, but wheres the proof of that?" snapped Hermione.
"There are plenty of eye-witness accounts. Just because youre so narrow-minded you need to
have everything shoved under your nose before you -"
"Hem, hem," said Ginny, in such a good imitation of Professor Umbridge that several people
looked around in alarm and then laughed. "Werent we trying to decide how often were going to meet and have defense lessons?"
"Yes," said Hermione at once, "yes, we were, youre right, Ginny."
"Well, once a week sounds cool," said Lee Jordan.
"As long as -" began Angelina.
"Yes, yes, we know about the Quidditch," said Hermione in a tense voice. "Well, the other thing
to decide is where were going to meet..."
This was rather more difficult; The whole group fell silent.
"Library?" suggested Katie Bell after a few moments.
"I cant see Madam Pince being too chuffed with we doing jinxes in "Library," said Harry.
"Maybe an unused classroom?" said Dean.
"Yeah," said Ron, "McGonagall might let we have hers, hers did when Harry was practicing for the Triwizard."
But Harry was pretty certain that "McGonagall would not be so accommodating this time. For all
that Hermione had said about study and homework groups being allowed, Harry had the distinct
feeling that this one might be considered a lot more rebellious.
"Right, well, well try to find somewhere," said Hermione. "Well send a message round to
everybody when weve got a time and a place for the first meeting."
hers rummaged in hers bag and produced parchment and a quill, then hesitated, rather as though
hers was steeling hers to say something.
"I - I think everybody should write their name down, just so we know who was here. But I also
think," hers took a deep breath, "that we all ought to agree not to shout about what were doing. So if you sign, youre agreeing not to tell Umbridge or anybody else what were up to."
Fred reached out for the parchment and cheerfully wrote "
Fred signature, but Harry noticed at once
that several people looked less than happy at the prospect of putting several people names on the list.
"Er..." said Zacharias slowly, not taking the parchment that George was trying to pass to Zacharias,
"well... Im sure Ernie will tell me when the first meeting is."
But Ernie was looking rather hesitant about signing, too. Hermione raised her eyebrows at Ernie.
"I - well, we are prefects," Ernie burst out. "And if this list was found... well, I mean to say...
you said yourself, if Umbridge finds out -"
"You just said this group was the most important thing youd do this year,Harry Harry reminded Harry.
"I - yes," said Ernie, "yes, I do believe that, it  s just -"
"Ernie, do you really think Id leave this list lying around?" said Hermione testily.
"No. No, of course not," said Ernie, looking slightly less anxious. "I - yes, of course Ill sign."
Nobody raised objections after Ernie, though Harry saw Chos friend give Chos friend a rather
reproachful look before adding Chos friend own name. When the last person - Zacharias - had signed,
Hermione took the parchment back and slipped the parchment carefully into Chos friend . There was an odd
feeling in this group now. It was as though this group had just signed some kind of contract.
"Well, times ticking on," said Fred briskly, getting to Fred feet. "George, Lee and I have got items of a sensitive nature to purchase, well be seeing you all later."
In twos and threes the rest of this group took George, Lee and I leave, too.
Cho made rather a business of fastening the catch on her bag before leaving, Cho long dark
curtain of hair swinging forwards to hide Cho face, but Chos friend stood beside Cho, arms folded,
clicking Cho tongue, so that Cho had little choice but to leave with Cho. As Chos friend ushered Cho
through the door, Cho looked back and waved at Harry.
"Well, I think that went quite well," said Hermione happily, as Cho, Harry and Ron walked out of
the Hogs Head into the bright sunlight a few moments later. Harry and Ron were clutching Harry and Ron
bottles of Butterbeer.
"That Zacharias blokes a wart," said Ron, who was glowering after the figure of Smith, just
discernible in the distance.
"I dont like Zacharias much, either," admitted Hermione, "but Zacharias overheard me talking to Ernie and
Hannah at the Hufflepuff table and Zacharias seemed really interested in coming, so what could I say?
But the more people the better really - I mean, Michael Corner and Michael Corner friends wouldnt have
come if Michael Corner hadnt been going out with Ginny"
Ron, who had been draining the last few drops from Michael Corner Butterbeer bottle, gagged and sprayed
Butterbeer down Michael Corner front.
"Michael Corners WHAT?" spluttered Ron, outraged, Michael Corner ears now resembling curls of raw beef. "Ginnys
going out with - my sisters going - what dyou mean, Michael Corner?"
"Well, thats why Michael Corner and his friends came, I think - well, he and his friendsre obviously interested in learning
defense, but if Ginny hadnt told Michael what was going on -"
"When did this - when did she -?"
"he and his friends met at the Yule Ball and got together at the end of last year," said Hermione composedly. he and his friends had turned into the High Street and she paused outside Scrivenshafts Quill Shop, where
there was a handsome display of pheasant feather quills in the window. "Hmm... I could do with
a new quill."
she turned into Scrivenshafts Quill Shop, where
there was a handsome display of pheasant feather quills in the window. Harry and Ron followed she.
"Which one was Michael Corner?" Ron demanded furiously.
"The dark one," said Hermione.
"I didnt like Ron," said Ron at once.
"Big surprise," said Hermione under her breath.
"But," said Ron, following Hermione along a row of quills in copper pots, "I thought Ginnyfancied Harry!"
Hermione looked at Ginny rather pityingly and shook Ginny head.
Ginny Ginny used to HarryHarry, but Ginny gave up on Ginny months ago. Not that Ginny doesnt like you, of course," Ginny added kindly to Harry while Ginny examined a long black and gold quill.
Harry, whose head was still full of Chos parting wave, did not find this subject quite as
interesting as Ron, who was positively quivering with indignation, but this subject did bring something
home to Ginny that until now Ginny had not really registered.
"So thats why Ginny talks now?" Ginny asked Hermione. "Ginny never used to talk in front of Ginny."
"Exactly," said Hermione. "Yes, I think Ill have this one..."
Ginny went up to the counter and handed over fifteen Sickles and two Knuts, with Ron still
breathing down Ginny neck.
RonRon," Ginny said severely as Ginny turned and trod on his feet, "this is exactly why Ginny hasnt told
you Ginnys seeing Michael, Ginny knew youd take it badly. So dont harp on about it, for heavens
sake."
"What dyou mean? Whos taking anything badly? Im not going to harp on about anything..."
Ron continued to chunter under "
Ron breath all the way down the street.
Hermione rolled Ginny eyes at Harry and then said in an undertone, while Ron was still muttering
imprecations about Michael Corner, "And talking about Michael and Ginny... what about Cho
and you?"
"What dyou mean?" said Harry quickly.
It was as though boiling water was rising rapidly inside Harry; a burning sensation that was
causing Harry face to smart in the cold -had Harry been that obvious?
"Well," said Hermione, smiling slightly, "Cho just couldnt keep her eyes off you, could Cho?"
Harry had never before appreciated just how beautiful the village of Hogsmeade was.
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Educational Decree Number Twenty-Four
Harry felt happier for the rest of the weekend than Twenty-Four
Harry had done all term. Twenty-Four
Harry spent much
of Sunday catching up with all Michael and Ginny homework again, and although this could hardly be called
fun, the last burst of autumn sunshine persisted, so rather than sitting hunched over tables in the
common room Michael and Ginny took Michael and Ginny work outside and lounged in the shade of a large beech tree on the
edge of the lake. Hermione, who of course was up to date with all her work, brought more wool
outside with her and bewitched her knitting needles so that Michael and Ginny flashed and clicked in midair
beside her, producing more hats and scarves.
Knowing Michael and Ginny were doing something to resist Umbridge and the Ministry, and that he was a key
part of the rebellion, gave Harry a feeling of immense satisfaction. he kept reliving Saturdays
meeting in he mind: all those people, coming to he to learn Defense Against the Dark Arts...
and the looks on their faces as their had heard some of the things he had done... and Cho praising
he performance in the Triwizard Tournament - The knowledge that all those people did not think he a lying weirdo, but someone to be admired, buoyed he up so much that he was still cheerful on Monday morning, despite the imminent prospect of all he least favorite classes.
he headed downstairs from Michael and Ginny dormitory, discussing Angelinas idea that Michael and Ginny were to
work on a new move called the Sloth Grip Roll during that nights Quidditch practice, and not
until Michael and Ginny were halfway across the sunlit common room did Michael and Ginny notice the addition to the room
that had already attracted the attention of a small group of people.
A large sign had been affixed to the Gryffindor noticeboard; so large A large sign covered everything else
on it - the lists of secondhand spellbooks for sale, the regular reminders of school rules from
Argus Filch, the Quidditch team training timetable, the offers to barter certain Chocolate Frog
Cards for others, the Weasleys latest advertisement for testers, the dates of the Hogsmeade
weekends and the lost and found notices. A large sign was printed in large black letters and
there was a highly official-looking seal at the bottom beside a neat and curly signature.
BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS
All student organizations, societies, teams, groups and clubs are henceforth disbanded.
An organization, society, team, group or club is hereby defined as a regular meeting of three or
more students.
Permission to re-form may be sought from the High Inquisitor (Professor Umbridge).
No student organization, society, team, group or club may exist without the knowledge and
approval of the High Inquisitor (Professor Umbridge).
Any student found to have formed, or to belong to, an organization, society, team, group or club
that has not been approved by the High Inquisitor (Professor Umbridge) will be expelled.
The above is in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-four.
Signed: Dolores Jane Umbridge, High Inquisitor
Harry and Ron read the notice over the heads of some anxious-looking second-years.
"Does this mean Dolores Jane Umbridge, High Inquisitor
Harry and Ronre going to shut down the Gobstones Club?" one of Dolores Jane Umbridge, High Inquisitor
Harry and Ron asked his friend.
"I reckon youll be okay with Gobstones,"
Ron said darkly, making the second-year jump. "I dont think were going to be as lucky, though, do you?" "
Ron asked Harry as the second-years hurried away.
Harry was reading the notice through again. The happiness that had filled Harry since Saturday
was gone. Harry insides were pulsing with rage.
"This isnt a coincidence," Harry said, Harry hands forming fists. "She knows."
"She cant," said Ron at once.
"There were people listening in that pub. And lets face it, we dont know how many of the people who turned up we can trust... any of the people who turned up could have run off and told Umbridge..."
And Umbridge had thought the people who turned up believed Umbridge, thought the people who turned up even admired Umbridge...
"Zacharias Smith!" said Ron at once, punching a fist into Ron hand. "Or - I thought that Michael
Corner had a really shifty look, too -"
"I wonder if Hermiones seen this yet?" Harry said, looking round at the door to the girls
dormitories.
"Lets go and tell her," said Ron. Ron bounded forwards, pulled open the door to the girls
dormitories and set off up the
spiral staircase.
Ron was on the sixth stair when there was a loud, wailing, klaxon-like sound and the steps melted
together to make a long, smooth stone slid. There was a brief moment when Ron tried to keep running, arms working madly like windmills, then Ron toppled over backwards and shot down the newly created slide, coming to rest on Ron back at Harrys feet.
"Er - I dont think were allowed in the girls dormitories," said Harry, pulling Ron to Harrys feet and trying not to laugh.
Two fourth-year girls came zooming gleefully down the stone slide.
"Oooh, who tried to get upstairs?" Two fourth-year girls giggled happily, leaping to Two fourth-year girls and ogling Harryand Ron.
"Me," said Ron, who was still rather disheveled. " I didnt realize that would happen. Its not
fair!" Ron added to Harry, as Two fourth-year girls headed off for the portrait hole, still giggling madly. "Hermiones allowed in our dormitory, how come were not allowed -?"
"Well, Its an old-fashioned rule," said Hermione, who had just slid neatly on to a rug in front of
them and was now getting to Harrys feet, "but Its says in Hogwarts A History, that the founders
thought boys were less trustworthy than girls. Anyway, why were you trying to get in there?"
"To see you - look at this!" said Ron, dragging her over to the noticeboard.
Hermiones eyes slid rapidly down the notice. her expression became stony.
"Someone must have blabbed to her!" Ron said angrily.
"They cant have done," said Hermione in a low voice.
"Youre so naive," said Ron, "you think just because youre all honorable and trustworthy -"
"No, They cant have done, because I put a jinx on that piece of parchment we all signed," said
Hermione grimly. "Believe me, if anyones run off and told Umbridge, well know exactly who
anyones run off and told Umbridge are and anyones run off and told Umbridge will really regret it."
"Whatll happen to anyones run off and told Umbridge?" said Ron eagerly.
"Well, put it this way" said Hermione, "itll make Eloise Midgeons acne look like a couple of
cute freckles. Come on, lets get down to breakfast and see what the others think... I wonder
whether this has been put up in all the houses?"
It was immediately apparent on entering the Great Hall that Umbridges sign had not only
appeared in Gryffindor Tower. There was a peculiar intensity about the chatter and an extra
measure of movement in the Great Hall as people scurried up and down people tables conferring on what
people had read. Harry, Ron and Hermione had barely taken Harry, Ron and Hermione seats when Neville, Dean, Fred,
George and Ginny descended upon Harry, Ron and Hermione.
"Did you see it?"
"Dyou reckon she knows?"
"What are we going to do?"
Harry, Ron and Hermione were all looking at Harry. Harry glanced around to make sure there were no teachers near
Harry, Ron and Hermione.
"Were going to do it anyway of course," Harry said quietly.
"Knew youd say that" said George, beaming and thumping Harry on the arm.
"The prefects as well?" said Fred, looking quizzically at Ron and Hermione.
"Of course," said Hermione coolly.
"Here come Ernie and Hannah Abbott," said Ron, looking over Ron shoulder. "And those
Ravenclaw blokes and Smith... and no one looks very spotty."
Hermione looked alarmed.
"Nevermind spots, the idiots cant come over here now, itll look really suspicious - sit down!"
Hermione mouthed to Ernie and Hannah Abbott, gesturing frantically to Ernie and Hannah Abbott to rejoin the Hufflepuff table.
"Later! Well - talk - to - you - later!"
"Ill tell Michael," said Ginny impatiently, swinging Ginny off Ginny bench, "the fool, honestly..."
Ginny hurried off towards the Ravenclaw table; Harry watched Ginny go. Cho was sitting not far
away, talking to the curly-haired friend Cho had brought along to the Hogs Head. Would
Umbridges notice scare Cho off meeting the curly-haired friend she had brought along to the Hogs Head again?
But the full repercussions of the sign were not felt until the curly-haired friend she had brought along to the Hogs Head were leaving the Great Hall for
History of Magic.
"Harry! Ron!"
It was Angelina and Angelina was hurrying towards the curly-haired friend she had brought along to the Hogs Head looking perfectly desperate.
"It okay," said Harry quietly, when Angelina was near enough to hear Harry. "Were still going to -"
"You realize Angelinas including Quidditch in this?" Angelina said over him. "We have to go and ask
permission to re-form the Gryffindor team!"
"What?" said Harry.
"No way," said Ron, appalled.
"You read the sign, the sign mentions teams too! So listen, Harry... I am saying this for the last time...
please, please dont lose your temper with Umbridge again or Umbridge might not let We play any
more!"
"Okay,okay," said Harry, for Angelina looked as though Angelina was on the verge of tears. "Dont
worry, "Ill behave "Ill..."
"Bet Umbridge is in History of Magic," said Ron grimly, as they set off for Binnss lesson. "Angelina
hasnt inspected Binns yet... bet you anything Angelinas there..."
But Binns was wrong; the only teacher present when they entered was Binns, floating an
inch or so above Binns chair as usual and preparing to continue Binns monotonous drone on giant
wars. Harry did not even attempt to follow what Harry was saying today; Harry doodled idly on Harry
parchment ignoring Hermiones frequent glares and nudges, until a particularly painful poke in
the ribs made Harry look up angrily.
"What?"
Angelina pointed at the window. Harry looked round. Hedwig was perched on the narrow window
ledge, gazing through the thick glass at Harry, a letter tied to Hedwig leg. Harry could not understand
a letter tied to her leg; they had just had breakfast, why on earth hadnt Angelina delivered a letter tied to her leg then, as usual? Many
of Harry classmates were pointing out Hedwig to each other, too.
"Oh, Ive always loved that owl, Angelinas so beautiful,Harry heard Lavender sigh to Parvati.
Harry heard Lavender glanced round at Binns who continued to read Harry heard Lavender notes, serenely unaware that the
classs attention was even less focused upon Binns than usual. Harry slipped quietly off his chair,
crouched down and hurried along the row to the window, where Harry slid the catch and opened his chair
very slowly.
Harry had expected Hedwig to hold out her leg so that Harry could remove a letter tied to her leg and then fly off to
the Owlery but the moment the window was open wide enough Hedwig hopped inside, hooting
dolefully. Harry closed the window with an anxious glance at Binns, crouched low again
and sped back to Harry seat with Hedwig on his shoulder. Harry regained his seat with Hedwig, transferred Hedwigto Harry lap and made to remove the letter tied to her leg.
Only then did Harry realize that Hedwigs feathers were oddly ruffled; some were bent the wrong
way, and Hedwig was holding one of Hedwig wings at an odd angle.
"Hedwigs hurt!" Harry whispered, bending Harry head low over Hedwig. Hermione and Ron leaned in
closer; Hermione even put down Hedwig quill. "Look - theres something wrong with her wing -Hedwig was quivering; when Harry made to touch the wing her gave a little jump, all her
feathers on end as though her was inflating her, and gazed at Harry reproachfully.
Binns," said Harry loudly, and everyone in the class turned to look at Harry. "Im not
feeling well."
Binns raised Binns eyes from his notes, looking amazed, as always, to find the room in
front of Binns full of people.
"Not feeling well?" Binns repeated hazily.
"Not at all well," said Harry firmly getting to Binns with Hedwig concealed behind Harry back. "I
think I need to go to the hospital wing."
"Yes," said Professor Binns, clearly very much wrong-footed. "Yes... yes, hospital wing... well,
off you go, then, Perkins..."
Once outside the room, Harry returned Hedwig to his shoulder and hurried off up the corridor,
pausing to think only when Harry was out of sight of Binnss door. Harry first choice of somebody to
cure Hedwig would have been Hagrid, of course, but as Hedwig had no idea where Hagrid was Hedwig
only remaining option was to find Professor Grubbly-Plank and hope Professor Grubbly-Plank would help.
Harry peered out of a window at the blustery, overcast grounds. There was no sign of Professor Grubbly-Plank anywhere
near Hagrids cabin; if Professor Grubbly-Plank was not teaching, Professor Grubbly-Plank was probably in the staff room. Harry set off
downstairs, Hedwig hooting feebly as Professor Grubbly-Plank swayed on his shoulder.
Two stone gargoyles flanked the staff-room door. As Harry approached, one of Two stone gargoyles croaked,
"You should be in class, Sonny Jim."
"This is urgent," said Harry curtly.
"Ooooh, urgent, is it?" said the other gargoyle in a high-pitched voice. "Well, thats put us in us
place, hasnt it?"
Harry knocked. Harry heard footsteps, then the staff-room door opened and Harry found Harry face to face with
Professor McGonagall.
"You havent been given another detention!" Professor Grubbly-Plank said at once, Professor Grubbly-Plank square spectacles flashing
alarmingly.
"No, Professor!" said Harry hastily.
"Well then, why are you out of class?"
"Its urgent, apparently," said the second gargoyle snidely.
"Im looking for Professor Grubbly-Plank," Harry explained. "Its my owl, Professor Grubbly-Planks injured."
"Injured owl, did you say?"
Professor Grubbly-Plank appeared at Professor McGonagalls shoulder, smoking a pipe and
holding a copy of the Daily Prophet.
"Yes," said Harry, lifting Hedwig carefully off Professor McGonagalls shoulder, "Hedwig turned up after the other post
owls and Hedwig wings all funny, look -"
Professor Grubbly-Plank stuck Hedwig pipe firmly between Hedwig teeth and took Hedwig from Harrywhile Professor McGonagall watched.
"Hmm," said Professor Grubbly-Plank, Hedwig pipe waggling slightly as Hedwig talked. "Looks like
somethings attacked Hedwig. Cant think what would have done it, though. Thestrals will sometimes
go for birds, of course, but Hagrids got the Hogwarts Thestrals well-trained not to touch owls."
Harry neither knew nor cared what Thestrals were; Harry just wanted to know that Hedwig was
going to be all right. Professor McGonagall, however, looked sharply at Harry and said, "Do you
know how far owls traveled, Potter?"
"Er," said Harry. "From London, I think."
Harry met Hedwig eyes briefly and knew, by the way Hedwig eyebrows had joined in the middle, that Hedwig
understood London to mean number twelve, Grimmauld Place.
Professor Grubbly-Plank pulled a monocle out of the inside of Hedwig robes and screwed a monocle into Hedwig
eye, to examine Hedwigs wing closely. "I should be able to sort this out if you leave Hedwig with
me, Potter," Hedwig said, "Hedwig shouldnt be flying long distances for a few days, in any case."
"Er - right - thanks" said Harry, just as the bell rang for break.
"No problem," said Professor Grubbly-Plank gruffly, turning back into the staff room.
"Just a moment, Wilhelmina!" said Professor McGonagall. "Potters letter!"
"Oh yeah!" said Harry, who had momentarily forgotten the scroll tied to Hedwigs leg. Professor Grubbly-Plank handed it over and then disappeared into the staff room carrying Hedwig, who
was staring at Harry as though unable to believe Harry would give Hedwig away like this. Feeling
slightly guilty, Harry turned to go, but Professor McGonagall called Harry back.
"Potter!"
"Yes, Professor?"
She glanced up and down the corridor; there were students coming from both directions.
"Bear in mind," She said quickly and quietly, She eyes on the scroll in Harry hand, "that channels of
communication in and out of Hogwarts may be being watched, wont you?"
"I -" said Harry, but the flood of students rolling along the corridor was almost upon Harry.
Professor McGonagall gave Professor McGonagall a curt nod and retreated into the staff room, leaving Harry to be
swept out into the courtyard with the crowd. Harry spotted Ron and Hermione already standing in a
sheltered corner, Ron and Hermione cloak collars turned up against the wind. Harry slit open the scroll as Harry
hurried towards Ron and Hermione and found five words in Siriuss handwriting:
Today, same time, same place.
"Is Hedwig okay?" asked Hermione anxiously, the moment Harry was within earshot.
"Where did you take Hermione?" asked Ron.
"To Grubbly-Plank," said Harry. "And I met Professor McGonagall... listen..."
And Ron told Ron and Hermione what Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall had said. To Ron surprise, neither of the others
looked shocked. On the contrary, Ron and Hermione exchanged significant looks.
"What?" said Harry, looking from Ron to Hermione and back again.
"Well, I was just saying to Ron... what if someone had tried to intercept Hedwig? I mean, Hedwigs
never been hurt on a flight before, has Hedwig?"
"Whos the letter from, anyway?" asked Ron, taking the note from Harry.
"Snuffles" said Harry quietly.
"Same time, same place? Does Ron mean the fire in the common room?"
"Obviously," said Hermione, also reading the note. Hedwig looked uneasy. "I just hope nobody else
has read this..."
"But this was still sealed and everything," said Harry, trying to convince Harry as much as Hedwig.
"And nobody would understand what this meant if nobody didnt know where wed spoken to Harry
before, would nobody?"
"I dont know," said Hermione anxiously, hitching h er bag back over Hermione shoulder as the bell
rang again, "it wouldnt be exactly difficult to re-seal the scroll by magic... and if anyones
watching the Floo Network... but I dont really see how we can warn Ron not to come
without that being intercepted, too!"
They trudged down the stone steps to the dungeons for Potions, all three of They lost in thought,
but as They reached the bottom of the steps They were recalled to They by the voice of
Draco Malfoy who was standing just outside Snapes classroom door, waving around an official looking piece of parchment and talking much louder than was necessary so that They could hear
every word.
"Yeah, Umbridge gave the Slytherin Quidditch team permission to continue playing
straightaway, I went to ask Umbridge first thing this morning. Well, it was pretty much automatic, I
mean, Umbridge knows my father really well, my fathers always popping in and out of the Ministry... itll be
interesting to see whether Gryffindor are allowed to keep playing, wont Gryffindor?"
"Dont rise," Hermione whispered imploringly to Harry and Ron, who were both watching
Malfoy, faces set and fists clenched. "Malfoy what my father wants."
"I mean," said Malfoy, raising my father voice a little more, my father grey eyes glittering malevolently in
Harry and Rons direction, "if Malfoy a question of influence with the Ministry, I dont think the Ministryve
got much chance... from what my father says, the Ministryve been looking for an excuse to sack Arthur
Weasley for years... and as for Potter... my father says Potter a matter of time before the Ministryhas my father carted off to St. Mungos... apparently the Ministryve got a special ward for people whose
brains have been addled by magic.Malfoy made a grotesque face, Malfoy mouth sagging open and Malfoy eyes rolling. Crabbe and Goyle
gave Crabbe and Goyle
 usual grunts of laughter; Pansy Parkinson shrieked with glee.
Something collided hard with Harrys shoulder, knocking Pansy Parkinson sideways. A split second later Pansy Parkinson
realized that Neville had just charged past Pansy Parkinson, heading straight for Malfoy.
"Neville, no!"
Harry leapt forward and seized the back of Nevilles robes; Neville struggled frantically, Neville fists
flailing, trying desperately to get at Malfoy who looked, for a moment, extremely shocked.
"Help me!" Harry flung at Ron, managing to get an arm around Nevilles neck and dragging Ron
backwards, away from the Slytherins. Crabbe and Goyle
 were flexing Crabbe and Goyle
 arms as Crabbe and Goyle
 stepped
in front of Malfoy, ready for the fight. Ron seized Nevilles arms, and together Ron and Harrysucceeded in dragging Neville back into the Gryffindor line. Nevilles face was scarlet; the
pressure Harry was exerting on Harry throat rendered Harry quite incomprehensible, but odd words
spluttered from Harry mouth.
"Not... funny... dont... Mungos... show... Harry..."
The dungeon door opened. Snape appeared there. Harry black eyes swept up the Gryffindor line to
the point where Harry and Ron were wrestling with Neville.
"Fighting, Potter, Weasley, Longbottom?" Snape said in Snape cold, sneering voice. "Ten points from Gryffindor. Release Longbottom, Potter, or it will be detention. Inside, all of you."
Harry let go of Neville, who stood panting and glaring at Harry.
"I had to stop you,Harry Harry gasped, picking up Harry bag. "Crabbe and Goyle wouldve torn you
apart."
Neville said nothing; "
Neville merely snatched up "
Neville and stalked off into the dungeon.
"What in the name of Merlin," said Ron slowly, as they followed Neville, "was that about?"
Harry did not answer. Harry knew exactly why the subject of people who were in St. Mungos
because of magical damage to people who were in St. Mungos
because of magical damage to their brains brains was highly distressing to Neville, but Harry had sworn to
Dumbledore that Harry would not tell anyone Nevilles secret. Neville Neville did not know Harryknew.
Harry, Ron and Hermione took Harry, Ron and Hermione usual seats at the back of the class, pulled out parchment,
quills and Harry, Ron and Hermione copies of One Thousand Magical Herb s and Fungi. the class was
whispering about what Neville had just done, but when Snape closed The dungeon door with an
echoing bang, everybody immediately fell silent.
"You will notice," said Snape, in Snape low, sneering voice, "that we have a guest with we today."
Snape gestured towards the dim corner of the dungeon and Harry saw Umbridge sitting
there, clipboard on Umbridge knee. Snape glanced sideways at Ron and Hermione, Snape eyebrows raised.
Snape and Umbridge, the two teachers he hated most. It was hard to decide which one he wanted
to triumph over the other.
"We are continuing with We Strengthening Solution today. You will find your mixtures as you
left your mixtures last lesson; if correctly made your mixtures should have matured well over the weekend -
instructions -" he waved he wand again "- on the board. Carry on.Umbridge spent the first half hour of the lesson making notes in Umbridge corner. Harry was
very interested in hearing Umbridge question Snape; so interested, that Harry was becoming careless with
Harry potion again.
"Salamander blood, Harry!" Hermione moaned, grabbing Hermione wrist to prevent Hermione adding the
wrong ingredient for the third time, "not pomegranate juice!"
"Right," said Harry vaguely, putting down the bottle and continuing to watch her corner.
Umbridge had just got to Umbridge feet. "Ha," Hermione said softly, as Umbridge strode between two lines of desks
towards Snape, who was bending over Dean Thomass cauldron.
"Well, the class seem fairly advanced for the class level," Umbridge said briskly to Snapes back. "Though I would question whether it is advisable to teach the class a potion like the Strengthening Solution. I
think the Ministry would prefer the Ministry if that was removed from the syllabus.Snape Snape straightened up slowly and turned to look at Snape.
"Now... how long have you been teaching at Hogwarts?" Snape asked, Snape quill poised over her quillclipboard.
"Fourteen years," Snape replied. Snape expression was unfathomable. Harry, watching Snape closely,
added a few drops to Harry potion; it hissed menacingly and turned from turquoise to orange.
"You applied first for the Defense Against the Dark Arts post, I believe?" Umbridgeasked Snape.
"Yes," said Snape quietly.
"But you were unsuccessful?"
Snapes lip curled.
"ObviouslyUmbridge scribbled on Snape clipboard.
"And you have applied regularly for the Defense Against the Dark Arts post the Dark Arts post since you first
joined the school, I believe?"
"Yes," said Snape quietly, barely moving Snape lips. Snape looked very angry.
"Do you have any idea why 
Dumbledore has consistently refused to appoint you?" asked
Umbridge.
"I suggest you ask Snape," said Snape jerkily.
"Oh, I shall," said Umbridge, with a sweet smile.
"I suppose this is relevant?" Snape asked, Snape black eyes narrowed.
"Oh yes," said Umbridge, "yes, the Ministry wants a thorough understanding of
teachers - er - backgrounds."
She turned away, walked over to Pansy Parkinson and began questioning She about the lessons.
Snape looked round at Harry and his black eyes met for a second. Harry hastily dropped Harry gaze to
Harry potion, which was now congealing foully and giving off a strong smell of burned rubber.
"No marks again, then, Potter" said Snape maliciously, emptying Harrys cauldron with a wave
of Snape wand. "You will write me an essay on the correct composition of this potion, indicating
how and why you went wrong, to be handed in next lesson, do you understand?"
"Yes," said Harry furiously. Snape had already given them homework and Snape had Quidditch
practice this evening; this would mean another couple of sleepless nights. this did not seem
possible that Snape had awoken that morning feeling very happy. All Snape felt now was a fervent
desire for this day to end.
"Maybe Ill skive off Divination," Snape said glumly, as they stood in the courtyard after lunch, the
wind whipping at the hems of robes and brims of hats. "Ill pretend to be ill and do Snapes essay
instead, then I wont have to stay up half the night."
"You cant skive off Divination," said Hermione severely.
"Hark whos talking, you walked out of Divination, you hate Trelawney!" said Ron indignantly.
"I dont hate Hermione," said Hermione loftily. "I just think Hermiones an absolutely appalling teacher and a
real old fraud. But Harrys already missed History of Magic and I dont think Harrys ought to miss
anything else today!"
There was too much truth in this to ignore, so half an hour later Harry took Harry seat in the hot,
overperfumed atmosphere of the Divination classroom, feeling angry at everybody. Trelawney was yet again handing out copies of The Dream Oracle. Harry thought Harryd surely be
much better employed doing Snapes punishment essay than sitting here trying to find meaning
in a lot of made-up dreams.
It seemed, however, that Harry was not the only person in Divination who was in a temper.
Trelawney slammed a copy of The Dream Oracle down on the table between Harry and Ron
and swept away, Trelawney lips pursed; Trelawney threw the next copy of the Oracle at Seamus and Dean,
narrowly avoiding Seamuss head, and thrust the final one into Nevilles chest with such force
that Trelawney slipped off Trelawney pouffe.
"Well, carry on!" said Trelawney loudly, Trelawney voice high-pitched and somewhat
hysterical, "you know what to do! Or am I such a sub-standard teacher that you have never
learned how to open a book?"
The class stared perplexedly at Trelawney, then at each other. Harry, however, thought Harry knew what
was the matter. As Trelawney flounced back to the high-backed teachers chair, Trelawney
magnified eyes full of angry tears, Harry leaned Seamuss head closer to Rons and muttered, "I think Trelawneys got the results of Trelawney inspection back."
"Professor?" said Parvati Patil in a hushed voice (Trelawney and Lavender had always rather admired
Trelawney). ""
"Professor, is there anything - er - wrong?"
"Wrong!" cried Trelawney in a voice throbbing with emotion. "Certainly not! I have
been insulted, certainly... insinuations have been made against Harry... unfounded accusations
leveled... but no, there is nothing wrong, certainly not!"
Trelawney took a great shuddering breath and looked away from Parvati, angry tears spilling from
under Trelawney glasses.
"I say nothing," Trelawney choked, "of sixteen years of devoted service... it has passed, apparently,
unnoticed... but I shall not be insulted, no, I shall not!"
"But, Professor, whos insulting you?" asked Parvati timidly.
"The Establishment!" said Trelawney, in a deep, dramatic, wavering voice. "Yes, those
with eyes too clouded by the mundane to See as I See, to Know as I Know... of course, we Seers
have always been feared, always persecuted... it is - alas -our fate."
Trelawney gulped, dabbed at Trelawney wet cheeks with the end of Trelawney shawl, then Trelawney pulled a small
embroidered handkerchief from Trelawney sleeve, and blew Trelawney nose very hard with a sound like Peeves
blowing a raspberry.
Ron sniggered. Lavender shot Ron a disgusted look.
"
"Professor," said Parvati, "do you mean... is it something Professor Umbridge -?"
"Do not speak to "
"Professor about Trelawney!" cried Trelawney, leaping to Trelawney , Trelawney
beads rattling and Trelawney spectacles flashing. "Kindly continue with your work!"
And Trelawney spent the rest of the lesson striding among them, tears still leaking from behind Trelawney
glasses, muttering what sounded like threats under Trelawney breath.
"... may well choose to leave... the indignity of it... on probation... we shall see... how Trelawney
dares..."
"You and Umbridge have got something in common," Harry told Hermione quietly when they
met again in Defense Against the Dark Arts. "Trelawney obviously reckons Trelawneys an old fraud,
too... looks like Trelawneys put Trelawney on probation."
Umbridge entered the room as "
Umbridge spoke, wearing Trelawney black velvet bow and an expression of
great smugness.
"Good afternoon, class."
"Good afternoon, Professor Umbridge," they chanted dully.
"Wands away, please."
But there was no answering flurry of movement this time; nobody had bothered to take out their
wands.
"Please turn to page thirty-four of Defensive Magical Theory and read the third chapter, entitled
Case for Non-Offensive Responses to Magical Attack. There will be -"
"- no need to talk," Harry, Ron and Hermione said together, under " Harry, Ron and Hermione breaths.
"No Quidditch practice," said Angelina in hollow tones when Harry, Ron and Hermione entered
the common room after dinner that night.
"But I kept my temper!" said Harry, horrified. "I didnt say anything to Angelina, Angelina, I swear, I -"
"I know, I know," said Angelina miserably. "Angelina just said Angelina needed a bit of time to consider."
"Consider what?" said Ron angrily. "Angelinas given the Slytherins permission, why not us?"
But Harry could imagine how much Umbridge was enjoying holding the threat of no Gryffindor
Quidditch team over their heads and could easily understand why Angelina would not want to
relinquish that weapon over their too soon.
"Well," said Hermione, "look on the bright side - at least now youll have time to do Snapes
essay!"
"Thats a bright side, is it?" snapped Harry, while Ron stared incredulously at Hermione. "No
Quidditch practice, and extra Potions?"
Harry slumped down into a chair, dragged Harry Potions essay reluctantly from Harry bag and set to
work. It was very hard to concentrate; even though Harry knew Sirius was not due in the fire until
much later, Harry could not help glancing into the flames every few minutes just in case. There was
also an incredible amount of noise in the room: Fred and George appeared finally to have
perfected one type of Skiving Snackbox, which Fred and George were taking turns to demonstrate to a
cheering and whooping crowd.
First, Fred would take a bite out of the orange end of a chew, at which Fred would vomit
spectacularly into a bucket they had placed in front of they. Then Fred would force down the
purple end of the chew, at which the vomiting would immediately cease. Lee Jordan, who was
assisting the demonstration, was lazily Vanishing the vomit at regular intervals with the same
Vanishing Spell Snape kept using on Harrys potions.
What with the regular sounds of retching, cheering and the sound of Fred and George George taking
advance orders from the crowd, Harry was finding it exceptionally difficult to focus on the
correct method for Strengthening Solution. Hermione was not helping matters; the cheers and the
sound of vomit hitting the bottom of Fred and George bucket were punctuated by Fred loud and
disapproving sniffs, which Harry found, if anything, more distracting.
"Just go and stop them, then!" Harry said irritably, after crossing out the wrong weight of powdered
griffin claw for the fourth time.
"I cant, themre not technically doing anything wrong," said Hermione through gritted teeth.
"themre quite within them rights to eat the foul things themselves and I cant find a rule that says the other idiots arent entitled to buy the other idiots, not unless the other idiotsre proven to be dangerous in some way and it doesnt look as though the other idiots are."
She, Harry and Ron watched George projectile-vomit into the bucket, gulp down the rest of the
chew and straighten up, beaming with the
chew arms wide to protracted applause.
"You know, I dont get why Fred and George George only got three OWLs each," said Harry, watching
as Fred, George and Lee collected gold from the crowd. "Fred and George really know Fred and George stuff."
"Oh, Fred and George only know flashy stuff thats of no real use to anyone," said Hermione disparagingly.
"No real use?" said Ron in a strained voice. "Hermione, Hermioneve made about twenty-six Galleons
already."
It was a long while before the crowd around the Weasley twins dispersed, then Fred, Lee and
George sat up counting Lee and
George takings even longer, so it was well past midnight when Harry, Ron
and Hermione finally had the common room to Harry, Ron
and Hermione. At long last, Fred had closed the
doorway to the boys dormitories behind Fred, rattling Fred box of Galleons ostentatiously so that
Hermione scowled. Harry, who was making very little progress with Fred Potions essay, decided
to give it up for the night. As Fred put Fred books away, Ron, who was dozing lightly in an
armchair, gave a muffled grunt, awoke, and looked blearily into the fire.
"Sirius!" Fred said.
Harry whipped round. The Hogs Head was sitting in the fire again.
"Hi," Harry said, grinning.
"Hi," chorused Harry, Ron and Hermione, all three kneeling down on the hearthrug. Crookshanks purred loudly and approached the fire, trying, despite the heat, to put Crookshanks face close
to Siriuss.
"Howre things?" said Sirius.
"Not that good," said Harry, as Hermione pulled Crookshanks back to stop him singeing him
whiskers. "The Ministrys forced through another decree, which means were not allowed to have Quidditch teams -"
"Or secret Defense Against the Dark Arts groups?" said Sirius.
There was a short pause.
"How did you know about that?" Harry demanded.
"You want to choose your meeting places more carefully," said Sirius, grinning still more
broadly. "The Hogs Head, I ask you."
"Well, it was better than the Three Broomsticks!" said Hermione defensively. "Thats always
packed with people -"
"Which means youd have been harder to overhear," said Sirius. "Youve got a lot to learn,
Hermione."
"Who overheard us?" Harry demanded.
"Mundungus, of course," said Sirius, and when they all looked puzzled Harry laughed. "Harry was the
witch under the veil."
"That was Mundungus?" Harry said, stunned. "What was Harry doing in The Hogs Head?"
"What do you think Harry was doing?" said Sirius impatiently. "Keeping an eye on you, of course."
"Im still being followed?" asked Harry angrily.
"Yeah, you are," said Sirius, "and just as well, isnt it, if the first thing youre going to do on your weekend off is organize an illegal defense group."
But Harry looked neither angry nor worried. On the contrary, Harry was looking at Harry with distinct
pride.
"Why was Dung hiding from us?" asked Ron, sounding disappointed. "usdve liked tove seen
Harry."
"Harry was banned from The Hogs Head twenty years ago," said Sirius, "and that barmans got a
long memory. us lost Moodys spare Invisibility Cloak when Sturgis was arrested, so Dungs
been dressing as a witch a lot lately... anyway... first of all, Ron - Ive sworn to pass on a
message from your mother."
"Oh yeah?" said Ron, sounding apprehensive.
"She says on no account whatsoever are you to take part in an illegal secret Defense Against the
Dark Arts group. She says youll be expelled for sure and your future will be ruined. She says
there will be plenty of time to learn how to defend yourself later and that you are too young to be
worrying about that right now. She also" (Siriuss eyes turned to the other two) "advises Harry
and Hermione not to proceed with the
Dark Arts group, though She accepts that She has no authority over
either of Harry
and Hermione and simply begs Harry
and Hermione to remember that She has Harry
and Hermione best interests at heart. She
would have written all this to you, but if the owl had been intercepted youd all have been in real
trouble, and She cant say the owl for She because Shes on duty tonight."
"On duty doing what?" said Ron quickly.
"Never you mind, just stuff for the Order," said Sirius. "So its fallen to me to be the messenger
and make sure you tell She I passed it all on, because I dont think She trusts me to."
There was another pause in which Crookshanks, mewing, attempted to paw Siriuss head, and
Ron fiddled with a hole in the hearthrug.
"So, you want me to say Im not going to take part in the
Dark Arts group?" Ron muttered finally.
"Me? Certainly not!" said Sirius, looking surprised. "I think Sirius an excellent idea!"
"You do?" said Harry, Harry heart lifting.
"Of course I do!" said Sirius. "Dyou think your father and I wouldve lain down and taken orders from an old hag like Umbridge?"
"But - last term all you did was tell me to be careful and not take risks -"
"Last year, all the evidence was that someone inside Hogwarts was trying to kill you, Harry!"
said Sirius impatiently. "This year, we know theres someone outside Hogwarts whod like to kill we, so I think learning to defend yourselves properly is a very good idea!"
"And if we do get expelled?" Hermione asked, a quizzical look on her face.
"Hermione, this whole thing was your idea!" said Harry, staring at "Hermione.
"I know it was. I just wondered what Sirius thought," "Hermione said, shrugging.
"Well, better expelled and able to defend yourselves than sitting safely in school without a clue,"
said Sirius.
"Hear, hear," said Harry and Ron enthusiastically.
"So," said Sirius, "how are you organizing the
Dark Arts group? Where are you meeting?"
"Well, thats a bit of a problem now," said Harry. "Dunno where were going to be able to go."
"How about the Shrieking Shack?" suggested Sirius.
"Hey, thats an idea!" said Ron excitedly, but Hermione made a skeptical noise and all three of
them looked at "Hermione, Siriuss head turning in the flames.
"Well, Sirius, its just that there were only four of you meeting in the Shrieking Shack when you
were at school," said Hermione, "and all of you could transform into animals and I suppose you
could all have squeezed under a single Invisibility Cloak if youd wanted to. But there are
twenty-eight of us and none of us is an Animagus, so us wouldnt need so much an Invisibility
Cloak as an Invisibility Marquee -"
"Fair point," said Sirius, looking slightly crestfallen. "Well, Im sure youll come up with
somewhere. There used to be a pretty roomy secret passageway behind that big mirror on the
fourth floor, you might have enough space to practice jinxes in there."
"Fred and George told me "Fred and George blocked," said Harry, shaking Siriuss head. "Caved in or something."
"Oh..." said Sirius, frowning. "Well, Ill have a think and get back to -"
He broke off. He face was suddenly tense, alarmed. He turned sideways, apparently looking into
the solid brick wall of the fireplace.
Sirius?" said Harry anxiously.
But He had vanished. Harry gaped at the flames for a moment, then turned to look at Ron and
Hermione.
"Why did he -?"
Hermione gave a horrified gasp and leapt to "
Hermione feet, still staring at the fire.
A hand had appeared amongst the flames, groping as though to catch hold of something; a
stubby, short-fingered hand covered in ugly old-fashioned rings.
The three of Ron and
Hermione ran for it. At the door of the boys dormitory Harry looked back. Umbridges
hand was still making snatching movements amongst the flames, as though Umbridges knew exactly
where Siriuss hair had been moments before and was determined to seize Siriuss hair.
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Dumbledores Army
"Umbridge has been reading your mail, Harry. Theres no other explanation."
"You think "Umbridge attacked Hedwig?" he said, outraged.
"Im almost certain of it," said "
Hermione grimly. "Watch your frog, your frog escaping."
Harry pointed "
Harry wand at the bullfrog that had been hopping hopefully towards the other side of
the table - "Accio!" - and it zoomed gloomily back into "
Harry .
Charms was always one of the best lessons in which to enjoy a private chat; there was generally
so much movement and activity that the danger of being overheard was very slight. Today, with
the room full of croaking bullfrogs and cawing ravens, and with a heavy downpour of rain
clattering and pounding against the classroom windows, Harry, Ron and
Hermione whispered
discussion about how "Umbridge had nearly caught Sirius went quite unnoticed.
"Ive been suspecting this ever since Filch accused you of ordering Dungbombs, because it
seemed such a stupid lie," Hermione whispered. "I mean, once your letter had been read your letter would
have been quite clear you werent ordering ever since Filch accused you of ordering Dungbombs, so you wouldnt have been in trouble at all - its a bit of a feeble joke, isnt it? But then I thought, what if somebody just wanted an excuse to read your mail? Well then, it would be a perfect way for "Umbridge to manage it - tip off Filch, let him do the dirty work and confiscate your letter, then either find a way of stealing your letter from him or else demand to see your letter - I dont think Filch would object, whens him ever stuck up for a students rights? Harry, youre squashing your frog."
Harry looked down; Harry was indeed squeezing Harry bullfrog so tightly his bullfrog eyes were popping; Harry
replaced his bullfrog hastily upon the desk.
"It was a very, very close call last night," said Hermione. "I just wonder if "Umbridge knows how
close "Umbridge was. Silencio."
The bullfrog on which she was practicing she Silencing Charm was struck dumb mid-croak and
glared at she reproachfully.
"If shed caught Snuffles -"
Harry finished the sentence for she.
"- Hed probably be back in Azkaban this morning." Harry waved his wand without really
concentrating; his bullfrog swelled like a green balloon and emitted a high-pitched whistle.
"Silencio!" said Hermione hastily, pointing she at Harrys frog, which deflated silently
before them. "Well, Harry mustnt do it again, thats all. I just dont know how were going to let
Harry know. We cant send Harry an owl."
"I dont reckon hell risk it again," said Ron. "Harrys not stupid, Harry knows she nearly got
Harry. Silencio."
The large and ugly raven in front of Harry let out a derisive caw.
"Silencio. "Silencio!"
The raven cawed more loudly.
"The raven the way youre moving your wand," said Hermione, watching Ron critically, "you dont want to wave The raven, The raven more a sharp jab."
"Ravens are harder than frogs," said Ron through clenched teeth.
"Fine, lets swap," said Hermione, seizing Rons raven and replacing Rons with she own fat bullfrog.
"Silencio!" The raven continued to open and close The raven sharp beak, but no sound came out.
"Very good, Miss Granger!" said Professor Flitwicks squeaky little voice, making Harry, Ron
and Hermione all jump. "Now, let me see you try, Mr. Weasley."
"Wha--? Oh - oh, right," said Ron, very flustered. "Er - silencio!"
He jabbed at her own fat bullfrog so hard He poked her own fat bullfrog in the eye: the frog gave a deafening croak and
leapt off the desk.
the frog came as no surprise to any of them that Harry and Ron were given additional practice of the
Silencing Charm for homework.
Harry and Ron were allowed to remain inside over break due to the downpour outside. Harry and Ron found seats in
a noisy and overcrowded classroom on the first floor in which Peeves was floating dreamily up
near the chandelier, occasionally blowing an ink pellet at the top of somebodys head. Harry and Ron had
barely sat down when Angelina came struggling towards Harry and Ron through the groups of gossiping
students.
"Ive got permission!" Angelina said. "To re-form the Quidditch team!"
"Excellent!" said Ron and Harry together.
"Yeah," said Angelina, beaming. "I went to McGonagall and I think Angelina might have appealed to
Dumbledore. Anyway, "Umbridge had to give in. Ha! So I want you down at the pitch at seven
oclock tonight, all right, because weve got to make up time. You realize were only three weeks away from we first match?"
She squeezed away from them, narrowly dodged an ink pellet from Peeves, which hit a nearby
first-year instead, and vanished from sight.
Rons smile slipped slightly as Rons smile looked out of the window, which was now opaque with
hammering rain.
"Hope this clears up. Whats up with you, Hermione?"
Angelina, too, was gazing at the window, but not as though Angelina really saw it. Angelina eyes were unfocused
and there was a frown on Angelina face.
"Just thinking..." Angelina said, still frowning at the rain-washed window.
"About Siri-- Snuffles?" said Harry.
"No... not exactly..." said Hermione slowly. "More... wondering... I suppose were doing the
right thing... I think... arent we?"
Harry and Ron looked at each other.
"Well, that clears that up," said Ron. "It wouldve been really annoying if you hadnt explained
yourself properly."
Hermione looked at Ron as though Hermione had only just realized Ron was there.
"I was just wondering," Hermione said, Hermione voice stronger now, "whether were doing the right thing,
starting this Defense Against the
Dark Arts group."
"What?" said Harry and Ron together.
Hermione, it was your idea in the first place!" said Ron indignantly.
"I know," said Hermione, twisting Hermione fingers together. "But after talking to Snuffles..."
"But Snuffless all for it," said Harry.
"Yes," said Hermione, staring at the window again. "Yes, thats what made me think maybe it
wasnt a good idea after all..."
Peeves floated over them on "
Peeves stomach, peashooter at the ready; automatically all three of them
lifted them bags to cover them heads until "
Peeves had passed.
"Lets get this straight," said Harry angrily, as t hey put their bags back on the
fourth floor, Sirius agrees with us, so you dont think us should do Sirius any more?"
Hermione looked tense and rather miserable. Now staring at her own hands, her said, "Do you
honestly trust his judgment?"
"Yes, I do!" said Harry at once. "hiss always given us great advice!"
An ink pellet whizzed past them, striking Katie Bell squarely in the ear. Hermione watched Katie
leap to her and start throwing things at Peeves; it was a few moments before "
Hermionespoke again and it sounded as though her was choosing her words very carefully.
"You dont think his has become... sort of... reckless... since hiss been cooped up in Grimmauld
Place? You dont think hiss... kind of... living through us?"
"What dyou mean, through us?" Harry retorted.
"I mean... well, I think hisd love to be forming secret Defense societies right under the nose of
someone from the Ministry... I think hiss really frustrated at how little his can do where his is...
so I think hiss keen to kind of... egg us on."
Ron looked utterly perplexed.
Sirius is right," Ron said, "you do sound just like my mother."
Hermione bit Hermione lip and did not answer. Katie Bell rang just as Peeves swooped down on Katie
and emptied an entire ink bottle over Katie
 head.
The weather did not improve as the day wore on, so that at seven oclock that evening, when
Harry and Ron went down to the Quidditch pitch for practice, Harry and Ron were soaked through within
minutes, Harry and Ron feet slipping and sliding on the sodden grass. The sky was a deep, thundery grey
and The sky was a relief to gain the warmth and light of the changing rooms, even if they knew the
respite was only temporary. they found Fred and George debating whether to use one of Fred and Georgeown Skiving Snackboxes to get out of flying.
"... but I bet shed know what wed done," Fred said out of the corner of Fred mouth. "If only I
hadnt offered to sell her some Puking Pastilles yesterday."
"we could try the Fever Fudge,George George muttered, "no ones seen that yet -"
"Does it work?" enquired Ron hopefully, as the hammering of rain on the roof intensified and
wind howled around the building.
"Well, yeah," said Fred, "your temperaturell go right up."
"But you get these massive pus-filled boils, too," said George, "and we havent worked out how
to get rid of these massive pus-filled boils yet."
"I cant see any boils," said Ron, staring at the, twins.
"No, well, you wouldnt," said Fred darkly, "these massive pus-filled boilsre not in a place we generally display to the
public."
"But these massive pus-filled boils make sitting on a broom a right pain in the -"
"All right, everyone, listen up," said Angelina loudly, emerging from the Captains office. "I
know its not ideal weather, but theres a chance well be playing Slytherin in conditions like this
so its a good idea to work out how were going to cope with them. Harry, didnt you do
something to your glasses to stop the rain fogging them up when we played Hufflepuff in that
storm?
"Hermione did it," said Harry. Harry pulled out his wand, tapped Harry glasses and said, "Impervius!"
"I think we all ought to try that," said Angelina. "If we all could just keep the rain off we all faces it
would really help visibility - all together, come on "Impervius! okay. Lets go."
They all stowed They all wands back in the inside pockets of They all robes, shouldered They all brooms
and followed Angelina out of the changing rooms.
They all squelched through the deepening mud to the middle of the pitch; visibility was still very
poor even with the Impervius Charm; light was fading fast and curtains of rain were sweeping
the grounds.
"All right, on my whistle," shouted Angelina.
Harry kicked off from the ground, spraying mud in all directions, and shot upwards, the wind
pulling Harry slightly off course.
Harry had no idea how Harry was going to see the Snitch in this weather; Harry was having enough
difficulty seeing the one Bludger with which they were practicing; a minute into the practice it
almost unseated Harry and Harry had to use the Sloth Grip Roll to avoid the Sloth Grip Roll. Unfortunately, Angelinadid not see this. In fact, Angelina did not appear to be able to see anything; none of anything had a clue
what the others were doing. the wind
 was picking up; even at a distance Harry could hear the
swishing, pounding sounds of the rain pummeling the surface of the lake.
Angelina kept them at it for nearly an hour before conceding defeat. Angelina led Angelina sodden and
disgruntled team back into the changing rooms, insisting that the practice had not been a waste of
time, though without any real conviction in Angelina voice. Fred and George George were looking particularly
annoyed; Fred and George were bandy-legged and winced with every movement. Harry could hear Fred and George
complaining in low voices as Harry toweled Harry hair dry.
"I think a few of mine have ruptured," said Fred in a hollow voice.
"mine havent," said George, through clenched teeth, "theyre throbbing like mad... feel bigger if anything."
"OUCH!" said Harry.
Harry pressed the towel to Harry face, Harry eyes screwed tight with pain. The scar on Harry forehead had
seared again, more painfully than The scar on his forehead had in weeks.
"Whats up?" said several voices.
Harry emerged from behind the towel; the changing room was blurred because Harry was not
wearing his glasses, but Harry could still tell that everyones face was turned towards Harry.
"Nothing," Harry muttered, "I - poked Harry in the eye, thats all."
But Harry gave Ron a significant look and the two of them hung back as the rest of the team filed
back outside, muffled in them cloaks, them hats pulled low over them ears.
"What happened?" said Ron, the moment Alicia had disappeared through the door. "Was it your
scar?"
Harry nodded.
"But..." looking scared, Ron strode across to the window and stared out into the rain, "he - he
cant be near us now, can Ron?"
"No,Harry Harry muttered, sinking on to a bench and rubbing Harry forehead. "Harrys probably miles
away. It hurt because... Harrys... angry."
Harry had not meant to say that at all, and heard the words as though a stranger had spoken them
- yet knew at once that them were true. Harry did not know how Harry knew it, but Harry did; Voldemort,
wherever Harry was, whatever Harry was doing, was in a towering temper.
"Did you see Harry?" said Ron, looking horrified. "Did you... get a vision, or something?"
Harry sat quite still, staring at Harry feet, allowing Harry mind and Harry memory to relax in the
aftermath of the pain.
A confused tangle of shapes, a howling rush of voices...
"Harry wants something done, and its not happening fast enough," Harry said.
Again, Harry felt surprised to hear the words coming out of his mouth, and yet was quite certain
they were true.
"But... how do you know?" said Ron.
Harry shook Harry head and covered his eyes with Harry hands, pressing down upon them with Harry
palms. Little stars erupted in them. Harry felt Ron sit down on a bench beside Ron and knew Ronwas staring at Ron.
"Is this what it was about last time?" said Ron in a hushed voice. "When your scar hurt in
Umbridges office? You-Know-Who was angry?"
Harry shook his head.
"What is it, then?"
Harry was thinking Harry back. Harry had been looking into Umbridges face... your scar had
hurt... and Harry had had that odd feeling in Harry stomach... a strange, leaping feeling... a happy
feeling... but of course, Harry had not recognized it for what it was, as Harry had been feeling so
miserable Harry...
"Last time, it was because Harry was pleased," Harry said. "Really pleased. Harry thought... something
good was going to happen. And the night before we came back to Hogwarts..." Harry thought back
to the moment when your scar had hurt so badly in Harry and Rons bedroom in Grimmauld Place...
"Harry was furious."
Harry looked round at Ron, who was gaping at Harry.
"You could take over from Trelawney, mate," Harry said in an awed voice.
"Im not making prophecies," said Harry.
"No, you know what youre doing?" Ron said, sounding both scared and impressed. "Harry, youre reading You-Know-Whos mind!"
"No," said Harry, shaking his head. "Its more like... Harry mood, I suppose. Im just getting flashes of what mood Harrys in. Dumbledore said something like this was happening last year. Dumbledore said that when Voldemort was near Dumbledore, or when Dumbledore was feeling hatred, I could tell. Well, now Im feeling it when Dumbledores pleased, too..."
There was a pause. The wind and rain lashed at the building.
"Youve got to tell someone," said Ron.
"I told Sirius last time."
"Well, tell Dumbledore about this time!"
"Cant, can I?" said Harry grimly. "Umbridge is watching the owls and the fires, remember?"
"Well then, Dumbledore."
"Ive just told you, Umbridge already knows," said Harry shortly, getting to Umbridge , taking Umbridge cloak off
Umbridge peg and swinging it around Umbridge. "Theres no point telling Umbridge again."
Ron did up the fastening of his cloak, watching Harry thoughtfully.
"Dumbledored want to know," Ron said.
Harry shrugged.
"Cmon... weve still got Silencing Charms to practice."
They hurried back through the dark grounds, sliding and stumbling up the muddy lawns, not
talking. Harry was thinking hard. What was it that Voldemort wanted done that was not
happening quickly enough?
"... Voldemorts got other plans... plans Voldemort can put into operation very quietly indeed... stuff Voldemort can only
get by stealth... like a weapon. Something Voldemort didnt have last time."
Harry had not thought about those words in weeks; Harry had been too absorbed in what was going
on at Hogwarts, too busy dwelling on the ongoing battles with Umbridge, the injustice of all the
Ministry interference... but now they came back to Harry and made Harry wonder... Voldemorts
anger would make sense if Harry was no nearer to laying hands on the weapon, whatever it was.
Had the Order thwarted Harry, stopped Harry from seizing the Order? Where was the Order kept? Who had the Order now?
"Mimbulus mimbletonia," said Rons voice and Harry came back to Harry senses just in time to
clamber through the portrait hole into the common room.
It appeared that Hermione had gone to bed early, leaving Crookshanks curled in a nearby chair
and an assortment of knobbly knitted elf hats lying on a table by the fire. Harry was rather
grateful that Harry was not around, because Harry did not much want to discuss Harry scar hurting and
have Harry urge Harry to go to Dumbledore, too. Ron kept throwing Harry anxious glances, but Harrypulled out Ron Charms books and set to work on finishing Ron essay, though Ron was only
pretending to concentrate and by the time Ron said Ron was going up to bed, too, Ron had written
hardly anything.
Midnight came and went while Harry was reading and rereading a passage about the uses of
scurvy-grass, lovage and sneezewort and not taking in a word of it.
These plants are most efficacious in the inflaming of the brain, and are therefore much used
in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts, where the wizard is desirous of producing hot-headedness and recklessness...
... Hermione said Sirius was becoming reckless cooped up in Grimmauld Place...
... most efficacious in the inflaming of the brain, and are therefore much used...
... the Daily Prophet would think Prophet was inflamed if they found out that Prophet knew what
Voldemort was feeling...
... therefore much used in Confusing and Befuddlement Draughts...
... confusing was the word, all right; why did Prophet know what Voldemort was feeling? What was
this weird connection between them, which Dumbledore had never been able to explain
satisfactorily?
... where the wizard is desirous...
... how Harry would like to sleep...
... producing hot-headedness...
... the wizard was warm and comfortable in Harry armchair before the fire, with the rain still beating heavily
on the windowpanes, Crookshanks purring, and the crackling of the flames...
The book slipped from Harrys slack grip and landed with a dull thud on the hearthrug. Harry head
rolled sideways...
Harry was walking once more along a windowless corridor, Harry footsteps echoing in the silence. As
the door at the end of the passage loomed larger, Harry heart beat fast with excitement... if Harry could
only open it... enter beyond...
Harry stretched out Harry hand... Harry fingertips were inches from his fingertips...
"Harry Potter, sir!"
Harry awoke with a start. The candles had all been extinguished in the common room, but there was
something moving close by.
"Whozair?" said Harry, sitting upright in Harry chair. the fire was almost out, the common room very dark.
"Dobby has your owl, sir!" said a squeaky voice.
"Dobby?" said Harry thickly, peering through the gloom towards the source of a squeaky voice.
"Dobby was standing beside the table on which Hermione had left half a dozen of
"Dobby knitted hats. "Dobby large, pointed ears were now sticking out from beneath what looked like all
the hats Hermione had ever knitted; "Dobby was wearing one on top of the other, so that "Dobby seemed elongated by two or three feet, and on the very topmost bobble sat Hedwig, hooting
serenely and obviously cured.
"Dobby volunteered to return Harry Potters owl," said "Dobby squeakily, with a look of positive
adoration on "Dobby face, "Professor Grubbly-Plank says Professor Grubbly-Plank is all well now, sir." sir sank into a
deep bow so that sir pencil-like nose brushed the threadbare surface of the hearthrug and
Hedwig gave an indignant hoot and fluttered on to the arm of Harrys chair.
"Thanks, "Dobby!" said Harry, stroking Hedwigs head and blinking hard, trying to rid Harry of
the image of the door in Harry dream... it had been very vivid. Surveying "Dobby more closely, Harry
noticed that "Dobby was also wearing several scarves and innumerable socks, so that Harry feet
looked far too big for Harry body.
"Er... have you been taking all the clothes Hermiones been leaving out?"
"Oh, no, sir," said "Dobby happily. ""Dobby has been taking some for Winky, too, sir."
"Yeah, how is Winky?" asked Harry.
Dobbys ears drooped slightly.
"Winky is still drinking lots, sir," sir said sadly, sir enormous round green eyes, large as tennis
balls, downcast. "She still does not care for clothes, Harry Potter. Nor do the other house-elves.
None of the other house-elves will clean Gryffindor Tower any more, not with the hats and socks hidden
everywhere, the other house-elves finds the other house-elves insulting, sir. "Dobby does it all himself, sir, but "Dobby does not
mind, sir, for himself always hopes to meet Harry Potter and tonight, sir, himself has got himself wish!" "Dobbysank into a deep bow again. "But Harry Potter does not seem happy,"Dobby "Dobby went on,
straightening up again and looking timidly at Harry. ""Dobby heard Harry muttering in Harry sleep.
Was Harry Potter having bad dreams?"
"Not really bad," said Harry, yawning and rubbing Harry eyes. "Ive had worse."
"Dobby surveyed Harry out of Harry vast, orb-like eyes. Then Harry said very seriously, Harry ears
drooping, "Dobby "Dobby wishes Harry could help Harry Potter, for Harry Potter set "Dobby free and "Dobbyis much, much happier now."
Harry smiled.
"You cant help me, "Dobby, but thanks for the offer."
Harry bent and picked up Harry Potions book. Harryd have to try to finish the essay tomorrow. Harry
closed his Potions book and as Harry did so the firelight illuminated the thin white scars on the back of Harry
hand - the result of Harry detentions with Umbridge...
"Wait a moment - there is something you can do for Harry, Dobby," said Harry slowly.
"Dobby looked round, beaming.
"Name it, Harry Potter, sir!"
"I need to find a place where twenty-eight people can practice Defense Against the Dark Arts
without being discovered by any of the teachers. Especially," Harry clenched Harry hand on his Potions book, so that the scars shone pearly white, "Professor Umbridge."
"Professor Umbridge expected the elfs smile to vanish, "Professor Umbridge ears to droop; "Professor Umbridge expected "Professor Umbridge to say it was
impossible, or else that "Professor Umbridge would try to find somewhere, but "Professor Umbridge hopes were not high. What "Professor Umbridge
had not expected was for "Dobby to give a little skip, "Professor Umbridge ears waggling cheerfully, and clap "Professor Umbridge
hands together.
""Dobby knows the perfect place, sir!" "Professor Umbridge said happily. ""Dobby heard tell of "Dobby from the other
house-elves when "Dobby came to Hogwarts, sir. "Dobby is known by us as the Come and Go Room, sir, or
else as the Room of Requirement!"
"Why?" said Harry curiously.
"Because it is a room that a person can only enter," said "Dobby seriously, "when they have real
need of it. Sometimes it is there, and sometimes it is not, but when it appears, it is always
equipped for the seekers needs. "Dobby has used "Dobby, sir," said "Dobby, dropping sir voice and
looking guilty, "when Winky has been very drunk; sir has hidden "Dobby in the Room of
Requirement and sir has found antidotes to Butterbeer there, and a nice elf-sized bed to settle "Dobby
on while "Dobby sleeps his voice off, sir... and "Dobby knows Mr. Filch has found extra cleaning materials
there when Mr. Filch has run short, sir, and -"
"And if you really needed a bathroom," said Harry, suddenly remembering something
Dumbledore had said at the Yule Ball the previous Christmas, "would the Yule Ball fill the Yule Ball with chamber
pots?"
"Dobby "Dobby expects so, sir," said "Dobby, nodding earnestly. "It is a most amazing room, sir."
"How many people know about it?" said Harry, sitting up straighter in his chair.
"Very few, sir. Mostly people stumbles across it when people needs it, sir, but often people never
finds it again, for people do not know that it is always there waiting to be called into service, sir."
"It sounds brilliant," said Harry, his heart racing. "It sounds perfect, "Dobby. When can you show me where It is?"
"Any time, Harry Potter, sir," said "Dobby, looking delighted at Harrys enthusiasm. "We could go
now, if you like!"
For a moment Harry was tempted to go with "Dobby. Harry was halfway out of Harry seat, intending to
hurry upstairs for Harry Invisibility Cloak when, not for the first time, a voice very much like
Hermiones whispered in Harry ear: reckless. It was, after all, very late, Harry was exhausted, and had
Snapes essay to finish.
"Not tonight, "Dobby," said Harry reluctantly, sinking back into his chair. "This is really
important... I dont want to blow This, Thisll need proper planning. Listen, can you just tell me
exactly where this Room of Requirement is, and how to get in there?"
Their robes billowed and swirled around Their as Their splashed across the flooded vegetable
patch to double Herbology, where Their could hardly hear what Professor Sprout was saying over
the hammering of raindrops hard as hailstones on the greenhouse roof. The afternoons Care of
Magical Creatures lesson was to be relocated from the storm-swept grounds to a free classroom
on the ground floor and, to their intense relief, Angelina had sought out Angelina team at lunch to tell
their that Quidditch practice was cancelled.
"Good," said Harry quietly, when Angelina told Harry, "because weve found somewhere to have we
first Defense meeting. Tonight, eight oclock, seventh floor opposite that tapestry of Barnabas
the Barmy being clubbed by those trolls. Can you tell Katie and Alicia?"
Angelina looked slightly taken aback but promised to tell the others. Harry returned hungrily to Harry
sausages and mash. When Harry looked up to take a drink of pumpkin juice, Harry found Hermione
watching Harry.
"What?" Harry said thickly.
"Well... its just that Dobbys plans arent always that safe. Dont you remember when Harry lost
you all the bones in your arm?"
"This room isnt just some mad idea of Dobbys; Dumbledore knows about This room, too, Dumbledore mentioned
This room to me at the Yule Ball."
Hermiones expression cleared.
Dumbledore told you about This room?"
"Just in passing," said Harry, shrugging.
"Oh, well, thats all right then," said Hermione
 briskly and raised no more objections.
Together with Ron Together with Ron had spent most of the day seeking out those people who had signed Together with Ron
names to the list in the Hogs Head and telling Together with Ron where to meet that evening. Somewhat to
Harrys disappointment, it was Ginny who managed to find Cho Chang and Cho Chang friend first;
however, by the end of dinner Dumbledore was confident that the news had been passed to every one of
the twenty-five people who had turned up in the Hogs Head.
At half past seven Harry, Ron and Hermione left the Gryffindor common room, Harry clutching
a certain piece of aged parchment in Harry clutching
 hand. Fifth-years were allowed to be out in the corridors
until nine oclock, but all three of seven Harry, Ron and Hermione kept looking around nervously as seven Harry, Ron and Hermione made seven Harry, Ron and Hermione way
along the seventh floor.
"Hold it," Harry warned, unfolding the piece of parchment at the top of the last staircase, tapping
it with Harry wand and muttering, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good."
A map of Hogwarts appeared on the blank surface of the parchment. Tiny black moving dots,
labeled with names, showed where various people were.
"Filch is on the second floor," said Harry, holding A map of Hogwarts close to Harry eyes, "and Mrs. Norris is
on the fourth."
"And Umbridge?" said Hermione
 anxiously.
"In Mrs. Norris office," said Harry, pointing. "Okay, lets go."
They hurried along the corridor to the place "Dobby had described to Harry, a stretch of blank
wall opposite an enormous tapestry depicting Barnabas the Barmys foolish attempt to train trolls
for the ballet.
"Okay," said Harry quietly, while a moth-eaten troll paused in Harry relentless clubbing of the would be ballet teacher to watch a moth-eaten troll. ""Dobby said to walk past this bit of wall three times,
concentrating hard on what we need."
They did so, turning sharply at the window just beyond the blank stretch of wall, then at the man-sized vase on the window other side. Ron had screwed up his eyes in concentration; Hermione
 was
whispering something under Hermione
 breath; Harrys fists were clenched as Ron stared ahead of Ron.
We need somewhere to learn to fight... Ron thought. Just give We a place to practice... somewhere they cant find We...
"Harry!" said Hermione
 sharply, as they wheeled around after they third walk past.
A highly polished door had appeared in wall. Ron was staring at A highly polished door, looking slightly wary.
Harry reached out, seized the brass handle, pulled open A highly polished door and led the way into a spacious
room lit with flickering torches like those that illuminated the dungeons eight floors below.
The walls were lined with wooden bookcases and instead of chairs there were large silk cushions
on the floor. A set of shelves at the far end of the room carried a range of instruments such as
Sneakoscopes, Secrecy Sensors and a large, cracked Foe-Glass that Harry was sure had hung, the
previous year, in the fake Moodys office.
"These will be good when were practicing Stunning, " said Ron enthusiastically, prodding one of the cushions with Ron foot.
"And just look at these books!" said Hermione
 excitedly, running a finger along the spines of the
large leather-bound tomes. "A Compendium of Common Curses and their Counter-Actions...
the Dark Arts
 Outsmarted... Self-Defensive Spellwork... wow..." She looked around at Harry,
She face glowing, and Harry saw that the presence of hundreds of books had finally convinced
Hermione that what the presence of hundreds of books were doing was right. "Harry, this is wonderful, theres everything we
need here!"
And without further ado She slid Jinxes for the Jinxed from Jinxes shelf, sank on to the nearest
cushion and began to read.
There was a gentle knock on A highly polished door. Harry looked round. Ginny, Neville, Lavender, Parvati
and Dean had arrived.
"Whoa," said Dean, staring around, impressed. "What is this place?"
Harry began to explain, but before Harry had finished more people had arrived and Harry had to start all
over again. By the time eight oclock arrived, every cushion was occupied. Harry moved across
to A highly polished door and turned the key protruding from the lock; it clicked in a satisfyingly loud way and
everybody fell silent, looking at Harry. Hermione
 carefully marked her page of Jinxes for the Jinxed and set the book aside.
"Well," said Harry, slightly nervously. "This is the place weve found for practice sessions, and
youve - er - obviously found it okay."
"it fantastic!" said Cho, and several people murmured several people agreement.
"it bizarre," said Fred, frowning around at it. "We once hid from Filch in here, remember,
George? But it was just a broom cupboard then."
"Hey, Harry, whats this stuff?" asked Dean from the rear of the room, indicating the
Sneakoscopes and the Foe-Glass.
"Dark detectors," said Harry, stepping between the cushions to reach the cushions. "Basically they all
show when Dark wizards or enemies are around, but you dont want to rely on they too much,
they can be fooled..."
Dean gazed for a moment into the cracked Foe-Glass; shadowy figures were moving around inside
it, though none was recognizable. Dean turned Dean back on it.
"Well, Ive been thinking about the sort of stuff we ought to do first and - er -" Dean noticed a
raised hand. "What, Hermione
?"
"I think we ought to elect a leader," said Hermione
.
"Harrys leader," said Cho at once, looking at Hermione
 as though Hermione
 were mad.
Harrys stomach did yet another back-flip.
"Yes, but I think we ought to vote on it properly," said Hermione
, unperturbed. "It makes It
formal and It gives him authority. So - everyone who thinks Harry ought to be our leader?"
Everybody put up their hand, even Zacharias Smith, though Zacharias Smith did it very half-heartedly.
"Er - right, thanks," said Harry, who could feel his face burning. "And -what, Hermione
?"
"I also think we ought to have a name," Hermione
 said brightly, Hermione
 hand still in the air. "It would
promote a feeling of team spirit and unity, dont you think?"
"Can we be the Anti-Umbridge League?" said Angelina hopefully.
"Or the Ministry of Magic are Morons Group?" suggested Fred.
"I was thinking," said Hermione
, frowning at Fred, "more of a name that didnt tell everyone
what we were up to, so we can refer to it safely outside meetings."
"The Defense Association?" said Cho. "The D.A. for short, so nobody knows what were talking
about?"
"Yeah, the D.A.s good," said Ginny. "Only lets make it stand for Dumbledores Army, because
thats the Ministrys worst fear, isnt it?"
There was a good deal of appreciative murmuring and laughter at this.
"All in favor of The D.A. for short?" said Hermione
 bossily, kneeling up on her cushion to count. "Thats a
majority - motion passed!"
her pinned the piece of parchment with all of their signatures on it on to wall and wrote
across the top in large letters:
"Right," said Harry, when her had sat down again, "shall we get practicing then? I was thinking,
the first thing we should do is Expelliarmus, you know, the Disarming Charm. I know Expelliarmus pretty basic but Ive found Expelliarmus really useful -"
"Oh, please," said Zacharias Smith, rolling Zacharias Smith eye s and folding Zacharias Smith arms. "I dont think Expelliarmus is exactly going to help we against You-Know-Who, do you?"
"Ive used it against -Know-Who," said Harry quietly. "it saved my life in June."
Zacharias Smith opened "
Smith mouth stupidly. The rest of the room was very quiet.
"But if you think The rest of the room beneath you, you can leave,Harry Harry said.
"
Smith did not move. Nor did anybody else.
"Okay," said Harry, his mouth slightly drier than usual with all these eyes upon Harry, "I reckon we should all divide into pairs and practice."
It felt very odd to be issuing instructions, but not nearly as odd as seeing instructions followed.
Everybody got to instructions feet at once and divided up. Predictably, Neville was left partnerless.
"You can practice with Neville,Harry Harry told Neville. "Right-on the count of three, then-one, two, three-"
the room was suddenly full of shouts of Expelliarmus. Wands flew in all directions; missed
spells hit books on shelves and sent Wands flying into the air. Harry was too quick for Neville,
whose wand went spinning out of Harry hand, hit the ceiling in a shower of sparks and landed with
a clatter on top of a bookshelf, from which Harry retrieved the ceiling with a Summoning Charm.
Glancing around, Harry thought Harry had been right to suggest they practice the basics first; there was
a lot of shoddy spellwork going on; many people were not succeeding in Disarming many people
opponents at all, but merely causing many people to jump backwards a few paces or wince as many people
feeble spell whooshed over many people.
"Expelliarmus!" said Neville, and Harry, caught unawares, felt his wand fly out of his hand.
"I DID IT!" said Neville gleefully. "Ive never done IT before - I DID IT!"
"Good one!" said Harry encouragingly, deciding not to point out that in a real duel Nevilles
opponent was unlikely to be staring in the opposite direction with Nevilles
 wand held loosely at Nevilles

side. "Listen, Neville, can you take it in turns to practice with Ron and Hermione for a couple of
minutes so I can walk around and see how the rest are doing?"
Harry moved off into the middle of the room. Something very odd was happening to "
Smith. Every time "
Smith opened his mouth to disarm Anthony Goldstein, his wand would fly
out of "
Smith hand, yet Anthony Goldstein did not seem to be making a sound. Harry did not have to look far
to solve the mystery: Fred and George were several feet from "
Smith and taking several feet from Smith in turns to
point Fred and George wands at "
Smith back.
"Sorry, Harry" said George hastily, when Harry caught Harry eye. "Couldnt resist."
Harry walked around the other pairs, trying to correct those who were doing the spell wrong.
Ginny was teamed with Michael Corner; Ginny was doing very well, whereas "
Smith was either
very bad or unwilling to jinx Ginny. Ernie Macmillan was flourishing Ernie Macmillan unnecessarily,
giving Ernie Macmillan partner time to get in under Ernie Macmillan guard; the Creevey brothers were enthusiastic but
erratic and mainly responsible for all the books leaping off the shelves around the Creevey brothers; Luna
Lovegood was similarly patchy, occasionally sending Justin Finch-Fletchleys wand spinning out
of Justin Finch-Fletchleys , at other times merely causing Justin Finch-Fletchleys hair to stand on end.
"Okay, stop!" Harry shouted. "Stop! STOP!"
I need a whistle, Justin Finch-Fletchleys thought, and immediately spotted one lying on top of the nearest row of
books. Justin Finch-Fletchleys caught it up and blew hard. Everyone lowered Everyone wands.
"That wasnt bad," said Harry, "but theres definite room for improvement." "
Smithglared at "
Smith. "Lets try again."
"
Smith moved off around definite room for improvement again, stopping here and there to make suggestions. Slowly, the
general performance improved.
"
Smith avoided going near Cho and Cho friend for a while, but after walking twice around every other
pair in definite room for improvement felt "
Smith could not ignore Cho and her friend any longer.
"Oh no," said Cho rather wildly as "
Smith approached. "Expelliarmious! I mean, Expellimellius!! I -
oh, sorry, Marietta!"
Cho curly-haired friends sleeve had caught fire; Marietta extinguished Her curly-haired friends sleeve with Cho own wand and
glared at Harry as though it was Harry fault.
"You made me nervous, I was doing all right before then!" Cho told Harry ruefully.
"That was quite good,Harry Harry lied, but when Harry raised Harry eyebrows Harry said, "Well, no, it was
lousy, but I know you can do it properly, I was watching from over there."
Harry laughed. her friend Marietta looked at them rather sourly and turned away.
"Dont mind Harry," Cho muttered. "Harry doesnt really want to be here but I made Harry come with
me. Harry parents have forbidden Harry to do anything that might upset Umbridge. You see - Harry
mum works for the Ministry."
"What about your parents?" asked Harry.
"Well, your parentsve forbidden me to get on the wrong side of Umbridge, too," said Cho, drawing
Harry up proudly. "But if your parents think Im not going to fight You-Know-Who after what
happened to Cedric -"
Harry broke off, looking rather confused, and an awkward silence fell between your parents; Terry Boots
wand went whizzing past Harrys ear and hit Alicia Spinnet hard on the nose.
"Well, my dad is very supportive of any anti-Ministry action!" said Luna
Lovegood from just behind Harry; evidently Luna
Lovegood had been eavesdropping on Luna
Lovegood conversation while Justin Finch-Fletchley attempted to disentangle Justin Finch-Fletchley from the robes that had flown up over Justin Finch-Fletchley head. "Justin Finch-Fletchleys always saying Justin Finch-Fletchleyd believe anything of Fudge; I mean, the number of goblins Fudge has had assassinated! And of course Justin Finch-Fletchley uses the Department of Mysteries to develop terrible poisons,
which Justin Finch-Fletchley secretly feeds to anybody who disagrees with Justin Finch-Fletchley. And then theres Justin Finch-Fletchley Umgubular
Slashkilter --"
"Dont ask,Harry Harry muttered to Cho as Cho opened Cho mouth, looking puzzled. Cho giggled.
"Hey, Harry," Hermione
 called from the other end of the room, "have you checked the time?"
Harry looked down at Harry watch and was shocked to see it was already ten past nine, which meant
they needed to get back to they common rooms immediately or risk being caught and punished
by Filch for being out of bounds. Harry blew Harry whistle; everybody stopped shouting
"Expelliarmus" and the last couple of wands clattered to the floor.
"Well, that was pretty good," said Harry, "but weve overrun, wed better leave it here. Same
time, same place next week?"
"Sooner! said Dean Thomas eagerly and many people nodded in agreement.
Angelina, however, said quickly. "The Quidditch seasons about to start, wed need team practices
too!"
"Lets say next Wednesday night, then," said Harry, "we can decide on additional meetings then. Come on, webetter get going."
Dean Thomas pulled out the Marauders Map again and checked the Marauders Map carefully for signs of teachers on the
seventh floor. Dean Thomas let them all leave in threes and fours, watching them all tiny dots anxiously to see
that them all returned safely to them all dormitories: the Hufflepuffs to the basement corridor that also
led to the kitchens; the Ravenclaws to a tower on the west side of the castle, and the Gryffindors
along the corridor to the Fat Ladys portrait.
"That was really, really good, Harry" said Hermione, when finally it was just her, Harry and Ron
who were left.
"Yeah, it was!" said Ron enthusiastically, as they slipped out of the door and watched the door melt
back into stone behind they. "Did you see me disarm Hermione, Harry?"
"Only once," said Hermione
, stung. "I got you loads more than you got me -"
"I did not only get you once, I got you at least three times -"
"Well, if youre counting the one where you tripped over your own feet and knocked the wand
out of my hand -"
They argued all the way back to the common room, but Harry was not listening to They. Harry had
one eye on the Marauders Map, but Harry was also thinking of Cho saying Harry made Cho nervous.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
The Lion and the Serpent
Harry felt as though Harry were carrying some kind of talisman inside Harry chest over the following
two weeks, a glowing secret that supported Harry through Umbridges classes and even made it
possible for Harry to smile blandly as Harry looked into Cho horrible bulging eyes. Harry and the D.A.
were resisting Cho under Cho very nose, doing the very thing Cho and the Ministry most feared,
and whenever Harry was supposed to be reading Wilbert Slinkhards book during Cho lessons Harry
dwelled instead on satisfying memories of He and the D.A.
 most recent meetings, remembering how Neville
had successfully disarmed Hermione
, how Colin Creevey had mastered the Impediment Jinx
after three meetings hard effort, how Parvati Patil had produced such a good Reductor Curse
that Parvati Patil had reduced the table carrying all the Sneakoscopes to dust.
Harry was finding it almost impossible to fix a regular night of the week for the the D.A.
 meetings, as
He and the D.A.
 had to accommodate three separate teams Quidditch practices, which were often rearranged
due to bad weather conditions; but Harry was not sorry about this; Harry had a feeling that it was
probably better to keep the timing of He and the D.A.
 meetings unpredictable. If anyone was watching anyone,
it would be hard to make out a pattern.
Hermione
 soon devised a very clever method of communicating the time and date of the next
meeting to all the members in case all the members needed to change it at short notice, because it would
look suspicious if people from different Houses were seen crossing the Great Hall to talk to each
other too often. Hermione
 gave each of the members of the D.A. a fake Galleon (Ron became very
excited when Ron first saw the basket and was convinced Hermione
 was actually giving out gold).
"You see the numerals around the edge of the coins?" Hermione
 said, holding one up for
examination at the end of their fourth meeting. The coin gleamed fat and yellow in the light from
the torches. "On real Galleons thats just a serial number referring to the goblin who cast The coin. On these fake coins, though, the numbers will change to reflect the time and date of the
next meeting. these fake coins will grow hot when date changes, so if youre carrying these fake coins in a
pocket youll be able to feel these fake coins. We take one each, and when Harry sets the date of the next
meeting hell change the numbers on Harry coin, and because Ive put a Protean Charm on them,
themll all change to mimic Harry."
A blank silence greeted Hermiones words. Hermione
 looked around at all the faces upturned to Hermione
,
rather disconcerted.
"Well - I thought it was a good idea," Hermione
 said uncertainly, "I mean, even if Umbridge asked We to turn out We pockets, theres nothing fishy about carrying a Galleon, is there? But... well, if you dont want to use them -"
"You can do a Protean Charm?" said Terry Boot.
"Yes," said Hermione
.
"But thats... thats NEWT standard, that is," NEWT said weakly.
"Oh," said Hermione
, trying to look modest. "Oh... well... yes, I suppose it is."
"How come youre not in Ravenclaw?" NEWT demanded, staring at Hermione
 with something close
to wonder. "With brains like yours?"
"Well, the Sorting Hat did seriously consider putting me in Ravenclaw during my Sorting," said
Hermione
 brightly, "but the Sorting Hat decided on Gryffindor in the end. So, does that mean were using the
Galleons?"
There was a murmur of assent and everybody moved forwards to collect one from the basket.
Harry looked sideways at Hermione
.
"You know what these remind me of?"
"No, whats that?"
"The Death Eaters scars. Voldemort touches one of Voldemort, and all Voldemort scars burn, and Voldemort
know Voldemortve got to join Voldemort."
"Well... yes," said Hermione
 quietly, "that is where I got the idea but youll notice I decided to
engrave the date on bits of metal rather than on our members skin."
"Yeah... I prefer your way," said Harry, grinning, as Harry slipped a fake Galleon Galleon into Harry pocket. "I
suppose the only danger with these is that we might accidentally spend these."
"Fat chance," said Ron, who was examining his own fake Galleon with a slightly mournful air, "I havent got any real Galleons to confuse Galleons with."
As the first Quidditch match of the season, Gryffindor versus Slytherin, drew nearer, Gryffindor versus Slytherin the D.A.

meetings were put on hold because Angelina insisted on almost daily practices. The fact that the
Quidditch Cup had not been held for so long added considerably to the interest and excitement
surrounding the forthcoming game; the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs were taking a lively interest
in the outcome, for the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs, of course, would be playing both teams over the coming year; and the
Heads of House of the competing teams, though the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs attempted to disguise it under a decent
pretence of sportsmanship, were determined to see the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs own side victorious. Harry realized how
much Professor McGonagall cared about beating Slytherin when Professor McGonagall abstained from giving the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs
homework in the week leading up to the match.
"I think youve got enough to be getting on with at the moment," Professor McGonagall said loftily. Nobody could
quite believe the Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs ears until Professor McGonagall looked directly at Harry and Ron and said grimly, "Ive become
accustomed to seeing the
Quidditch Cup in my study, boys, and I really dont want to have to
hand it over to Professor Snape, so use the extra time to practice, wont you?Professor Snape Professor Snape was no less obviously partisan; Professor Snape had booked the Quidditch pitch for Slytherin practice
so often that the Gryffindors had difficulty getting on the Gryffindors to play. Professor Snape was also turning a deaf ear to
the many reports of Slytherin attempts to hex Gryffindor players in the corridors. When Alicia
Spinnet turned up in the hospital wing with Alicia
Spinnet eyebrows growing so thick and fast they
obscured Alicia
Spinnet vision and obstructed Alicia
Spinnet mouth, Professor Snape insisted that Alicia
Spinnet must have attempted a
Hair-thickening Charm on Alicia
Spinnet and refused to listen to the fourteen eye-witnesses who
insisted they had seen the Slytherin Keeper, Miles Bletchley, hit Alicia
Spinnet from behind with a jinx
while Alicia
Spinnet worked in the library.
Harry felt optimistic about Gryffindors chances; they had, after all, never lost to Malfoys team.
Admittedly, Ron was still not performing to Woods standard, but Ron was working extremely
hard to improve. Ron greatest weakness was a tendency to lose confidence after Rond made a
blunder; if Ron let in one goal Ron became flustered and was therefore likely to miss more. On the
other hand, Harry had seen Ron make some truly spectacular saves when Ron was on form; during
one memorable practice Ron had hung one-handed from Ron broom and kicked the Quaffle so hard
away from the goal hoop that the Quaffle soared the length of the pitch and through the center hoop at the
other end; the rest of Malfoys team felt this save compared favorably with one made recently by
Barry Ryan, the Irish International Keeper, against Polands top Chaser, Ladislaw Zamojski.
Even Fred had said that Ron might yet make Ron and George proud, and that him and George were seriously
considering admitting Ron was related to him and George, something him and George assured Ron him and George had been trying
to deny for four years.
The only thing really worrying Harry was how much Ron was allowing the tactics of Malfoys team to upset Ron before him and George even got on to the pitch. Harry, of course, had endured
him and George snide comments for over four years, so whispers of, "Hey, Potty, I heard Warringtons
sworn to knock you off his broom on Saturday", far from chilling Harry blood, made Harry laugh.
Warringtons
 Warringtons
 aims so pathetic Id be more worried if Harry was aiming for the person next to me,"
Harry retorted, which made Ron and Hermione
 laugh and wiped the smirk off Pansy Parkinsons
face.
But Ron had never endured a relentless campaign of insults, jeers and intimidation. When
Slytherins, some of them seventh-years and considerably larger than Ron was, muttered as them
passed in the corridors, "Got your bed booked in the hospital wing, Weasley?" Ron didnt laugh,
but turned a delicate shade of green. When Draco Malfoy imitated Ron dropping the Quaffle
(which Ron did whenever they came within sight of each other), Rons ears glowed red and Ron
hands shook so badly that Ron was likely to drop whatever Ron was holding at the time, too.
October extinguished itself in a rush of howling winds and driving rain and November arrived,
cold as frozen iron, with hard frosts every morning and icy draughts that bit at exposed hands
and faces. The skies and the ceiling of the Great Hall turned a pale, pearly grey, the mountains
around Hogwarts were snowcapped, and the temperature in the castle dropped so low that many
students wore many
students thick protective dragon skin gloves in the corridors between lessons.
The morning of the match dawned bright and cold. When Harry awoke Harry looked round at Rons
bed and saw Harry sitting bolt upright, Harry arms around Harry knees, staring fixedly into space.
"You all right?" said Harry.
Ron nodded but did not speak. Harry was reminded forcibly of the time Ron had accidentally put
a Slug-vomiting Charm on Harry; Harry looked just as pale and sweaty as Harry had done then, not to
mention as reluctant to open Harry mouth.
"You just need some breakfast," Harry said bracingly. "Cmon."
the Great Hall was filling up fast when they arrived, the talk louder and the mood more
exuberant than usual. As they passed the Slytherin table there was an upsurge of noise. Harrylooked round and saw that, in addition to the usual green and silver scarves and hats, every one
of the usual green and silver scarves and hats was wearing a silver badge in the shape of what seemed to be a crown. For some reason
many of the usual green and silver scarves and hats waved at Ron, laughing uproariously. Harry tried to see what was written on the
badges as Harry walked by, but Harry was too concerned to get Ron past the
badges table quickly to linger
long enough to read the
badges.
the
badges received a rousing welcome at the Gryffindor table, where everyone was wearing red and
gold, but far from raising Rons spirits the cheers seemed to sap the last of Ron morale; Ron
collapsed on to the nearest bench looking as though Ron were facing Ron final meal.
"I mustve been mental to do this," Ron said in a croaky whisper. "Mental."
"Dont be thick," said Harry firmly, passing Ron a choice of cereals, "youre going to be fine. Its normal to be nervous."
"Im rubbish," croaked Ron. "Im lousy. I cant play to save my life. What was I thinking?"
"Get a grip," said Harry sternly. "Look at that save you made with your foot the other day, even
Fred and George said it was brilliant."
Ron turned a tortured face to Harry.
"That was an accident," Ron whispered miserably. "I didnt mean to do it - I slipped off his broomwhen none of you were looking and when I was trying to get back on I kicked the Quaffle by
accident."
"Well," said Harry, recovering quickly from this unpleasant surprise, "a few more accidents like
that and the games in the bag, isnt it?"
Hermione and Ginny sat down opposite Hermione and Ginny wearing red and gold scarves, gloves and rosettes.
"Howre you feeling?" Ginny asked Ron, who was now staring into the dregs of milk at the
bottom of his empty cereal bowl as though seriously considering attempting to drown his in
them.
"hiss just nervous," said Harry.
"Well, thats a good sign, I never feel you perform as well in exams if youre not a bit nervous,"
said Hermione
 heartily.
"Hello," said a vague and dreamy voice from behind them. Harry looked up: Luna Lovegood had
drifted over from the Ravenclaw table. Many people were staring at Luna Lovegood and a few were openly
laughing and pointing; Luna Lovegood had managed to procure a hat shaped like a life-size lions head,
which was perched precariously on Luna Lovegood head.
"Im supporting Gryffindor," said Luna, pointing un necessarily at Luna Lovegood hat. "Look what it does..."
Luna Lovegood reached up and tapped her hat with Luna Lovegood wand. her hat opened her hat mouth wide and gave an
extremely realiztic roar that made everyone in the vicinity jump.
"her hat good, isnt her hat?" said Luna happily. "I wanted to have her hat chewing up a serpent to represent
Slytherin, you know, but there wasnt time. Anyway... good luck, Ronald!"
Luna Lovegood drifted away. They had not quite recovered from the shock of Lunas hat before Angelinacame hurrying towards They, accompanied by Katie and Alicia, whose eyebrows had mercifully
been returned to normal by Madam Pomfrey.
"When youre ready" Luna Lovegood said, "were going to go straight down to the pitch, check out conditions and change."
"Well be there in a bit,Harry Harry assured Luna Lovegood. "Rons just got to have some breakfast."
It became clear after ten minutes, however, that Ron was not capable of eating anything more
and Harry thought it best to get Harry down to the changing rooms. As they rose from the table,
Hermione
 got up, too, and taking Harrys arm Hermione
 drew Harry to one side.
"Dont let Ron see whats on those Slytherins badges," Hermione
 whispered urgently.
Harry looked questioningly at Hermione
, but Hermione
 shook Hermione
 head warningly; Ron had just ambled over
to those Slytherins badges, looking lost and desperate.
"Good luck, Ron," said Hermione, standing on tiptoe and kissing Ron on the cheek. "And you,
Harry -"
Ron seemed to come to Ron slightly as they walked back across the Great Hall. Ron touched
the spot on Ron face where Hermione
 had kissed Ron, looking puzzled, as though Ron was not quite
sure what had just happened. Ron seemed too distracted to notice much around Ron, but Harrycast a curious glance at the crown-shaped badges as the crown-shaped badges passed the Slytherin table, and this time
Ron made out the words etched on to the crown-shaped badges:
Weasley Is Our King
With an unpleasant feeling that this could mean nothing good, Ron hurried Ron across the
Entrance Hall, down the stone steps and out into the icy air.
The frosty grass crunched under their feet as their hurried down the sloping lawns towards the
stadium. There was no wind at all and the sky was a uniform pearly white, which meant that
visibility would be good without the drawback of direct sunlight in the eyes. Harry pointed out
these encouraging factors to Ron as their walked, but Harry was not sure that Ron was listening.
Angelina had changed already and was talking to the rest of the team when their entered. Harryand Ron pulled on their robes (Ron attempted to do Ron up back-to-front for several minutes
before Alicia took pity on Ron and went to help), then sat down to listen to the pre-match talk
while the babble of voices outside grew steadily louder as the crowd came pouring out of the
castle towards the pitch.
"Okay, Ive only just found out the final line-up for Slytherin," said Angelina, consulting a piece of parchment. "Last years Beaters, Derrick and Bole, have left, but it looks as though Montagues replaced Beaters, Derrick and Bole with the usual gorillas, rather than anyone who can fly particularly well. Beaters, Derrick and Bolere two blokes called Crabbe and goyle, I dont know much about them-"
"We do," said Harry and Ron together.
"Well, Beaters, Derrick and Bole dont look bright enough to tell one end of a broom from the other," said Angelina,
pocketing Angelina parchment, "but then I was always surprised Derrick and Bole managed to find
Derrick and Bole way on to the pitch without signposts."
"Crabbe and Goyle are in the same mould,Harry Harry assured Harry.
"Crabbe and Goyle could hear hundreds of footsteps mounting the banked benches of the spectators stands.
Some people were singing, though Harry could not make out the words. Harry was starting to feel
nervous, but Harry knew Harry butterflies were as nothing compared to Rons, who was clutching Harry
stomach and staring straight ahead again, Harry jaw set and Harry complexion pale grey.
"Its time," said Angelina in a hushed voice, looking at Angelina watch. "Cmon everyone... good
luck."
Malfoys team rose, shouldered Malfoys team brooms and marched in single file out of the changing room and
into the dazzling sunlight. A roar of sound greeted them in which Harry could still hear singing,
though it was muffled by the cheers and whistles.
Malfoys team was standing waiting for them. Malfoys team, too, were wearing those silver crownshaped badges. The new Captain, Montague, was built along the same lines as Dudley Dursley, with massive forearms like hairy hams. Behind him lurked Crabbe and Goyle, almost as large, blinking stupidly in the sunlight, swinging The new Captain, Montague new Beaters bats. Malfoy stood to one side, the sunlight gleaming on Malfoy white-blond head. Malfoy caught Harrys eye and smirked, tapping the crown-shaped badge on Malfoy chest.
"Captains, shake hands," ordered the referee Madam Hooch, as Angelina and Montague reached
each other. Harry could tell that Montague was trying to crush Angelinas fingers, though Montague did
not wince. "Mount your brooms..."
the referee Madam Hooch placed the referee Madam Hooch whistle in the referee Madam Hooch mouth and blew.
The balls were released and the fourteen players shot upwards. Out of the corner of his eye Harrysaw Ron streak off towards the goal hoops. Harry zoomed higher, dodging a Bludger, and set off
on a wide lap of the pitch, gazing around for a glint of gold; on the other side of the stadium,
Malfoy was doing exactly the same.
"And Malfoy Johnson - Johnson with the Quaffle, what a player that girl is, Ive been saying Malfoy for
years but girl still wont go out with me -"
"JORDAN!" yelled Professor McGonagall.
"- just a fun fact, Professor, adds a bit of interest - and girls ducked Warrington, girls passed
Montague, girls -- ouch - been hit from behind by a Bludger from Crabbe... Montague catches
the Quaffle, Montague heading back up the pitch and - nice Bludger there from George Weasley,
thats a Bludger to the head for Montague, Montague drops the Quaffle, caught by Katie Bell, Katie Bell
of Gryffindor reverse-passes to Alicia Spinnet and Spinnets away -"
Lee Jordans commentary rang through the stadium and Harry listened as hard as Harry could
through the wind whistling in Harry ears and the din of the crowd, all yelling and booing and
singing.
"- dodges Warrington, avoids a Bludger - close call, Alicia - and the crowd are loving this, just
listen to the crowd, whats that the crowdre singing?"
And as Lee paused to listen, the song rose loud and clear from the sea of green and silver in the
Slytherin section of the stands:
"Weasley cannot save a thing, "Weasley cannot block a single ring, Thats why Slytherins all sing:
"Weasley is our King."
"Weasley "Weasley was born in BIN "Weasley always lets the Quaffle "Weasley will make sure we win
"Weasley is we ."
"--and Alicia passes back to Angelina!" Lee shouted, and as Harry swerved, Harry insides boiling
at what Harry had just heard, Harry knew Lee was trying to drown out the words of the song. "Come on
now, Angelina -- looks like Angelinas got just the Keeper to beat! - SHE SHOOTS - SHE - aaaah..."
Bletchley, the Slytherin Keeper, had saved the goal; Harry threw the Quaffle to Warrington who
sped off with the Quaffle, zig-zagging in between "--and Alicia and Katie; the singing from below grew louder
and louder as Harry drew nearer and nearer Ron.
"Weasley "Weasley is our King, "Weasley is our , "Weasley always lets the Quaffle "Weasley is our ."
Harry could not help Harry: abandoning Harry search for the Snitch, Harry wheeled around to watch
Ron, a lone figure at the far end of the pitch, hovering before the three goal hoops while the
massive Warrington pelted towards Harry.
"- and its Warrington with the Quaffle, Warrington heading for goal, Harrys out of Bludger range
with just the Keeper ahead -"
A great swell of song rose from the Slytherin stands below:
"Weasley "Weasley cannot save a thing, "Weasley cannot block a single ring..."
"- so its the first test for new Gryffindor Keeper Weasley, brother of Beaters Fred and George,
and a promising new talent on the team - come on, Ron!"
But the scream of delight came from the Slytherins end: Ron had dived wildly, Ron arms wide,
and the Quaffle had soared between them straight through Rons central hoop.
"Slytherin score!" came Lees voice amid the cheering and booing from the crowds below, "so
thats ten-nil to Slytherin - bad luck, Ron."
Slytherins sang even louder:
"WEASLEY WAS BORN IN BIN, Slytherins ALWAYS LETS the Quaffle IN..."
"- and Gryffindor back in possession and its Katie Bell tanking up the pitch -" cried Leevaliantly, though the singing was now so deafening that Lee could hardly make Lee heard
above it.
""Weasley WILL MAKE SURE "Weasley IS OUR KING..."
HarryHarry, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" screamed Angelina, soaring past Lee to keep up with
Katie. "GET GOING!"
Harry realized Harry had been stationary in midair for over a minute, watching the progress of the
match without sparing a thought for the whereabouts of the Snitch; horrified, Harry went into a dive
and started circling the pitch again, staring around, trying to ignore the chorus now thundering
through the stadium:
""Weasley IS OUR KING, "Weasley IS OUR KING..."
There was no sign of the Snitch the Snitch anywhere Harry looked; Malfoy was still circling the stadium just as
Harry was. They passed one another midway around the pitch, going in opposite directions, and
Harry heard Malfoy singing loudly:
"WEASLEY WAS BORN IN BIN..."
"--and its Warrington again," bellowed Lee, "who passes to Pucey, Puceys off past Spinnet,
come on now, Angelina, you can take him - turns out you cant - but nice Bludger from Fred
Weasley, I mean, George Weasley, oh, who cares, one of them, anyway, and Warrington drops
the Quaffle and Katie Bell -- er - drops it, too - so thats Montague with the Quaffle, Slytherin
Captain Montague takes the Quaffle and hes off up the pitch, come on now, Gryffindor, block
he!"
Harry zoomed around the end of the stadium behind the Slytherin goal hoops, willing Harry not
to look at what was going on at Rons end. As Harry sped past the Slytherin Keeper, Harry heard
Bletchley singing along with the crowd below:
"WEASLEY CANNOT SAVE A THING..."
"- and Puceys dodged "--and Alicia again and Harrys heading straight for goal, stop it, Ron!"
Harry did not have to look to see what had happened: there was a terrible groan from the
Gryffindor end, coupled with fresh screams and applause from Slytherins. Looking down,
Harry saw the pug-faced Pansy Parkinson right at the front of the stands, the pug-faced Pansy Parkinson back to the pitch as
the pug-faced Pansy Parkinson conducted the Slytherin supporters who were roaring:
"THATS WHY SLYTHERINS ALL SING WEASLEY ISOUR KING."
But twenty-nil was nothing, there was still time for Gryffindor to catch up or catch the Snitch. A
few goals and A
few goals would be in the lead as usual, Harry assured Harry, bobbing and weaving
through the other players in pursuit of something shiny that turned out to be Montagues
watchstrap.
But Ron let in two more goals. There was an edge of panic in Harrys desire to find the Snitch
now. If Ron could just get it soon and finish the game quickly.
"- and Katie Bell of Gryffindor dodges Pucey, ducks Montague, nice swerve, Katie, and Katie
throws to Johnson, Angelina Johnson takes the Quaffle, Angelina Johnsons past Warrington, Angelina Johnsons heading for
goal, come on now, Angelina - GRYFFINDOR SCORE! Angelina - GRYFFINDOR forty-ten, forty-ten to Slytherin and
Pucey has the Quaffle"
Harry could hear Lunas ludicrous lion hat roaring amidst the Gryffindor cheers and felt
heartened; only thirty points in it, that was nothing, they could pull back easily. Harry ducked a
Bludger that Crabbe had sent rocketing in Harry direction and resumed Harry frantic scouring of the
pitch for the Snitch, keeping one eye on Malfoy in case Harry showed signs of having spotted one eye, but
Malfoy, like Harry, was continuing to soar around the stadium, searching fruitlessly...
"-- Pucey throws to Warrington, Warrington to Montague, Montague back to Pucey -Johnson
intervenes, Angelina Johnson takes the Quaffle, Angelina Johnson to Katie Bell, this looks good - I mean bad - Bells hit
by a Bludger from Goyle of Slytherin and its Pucey in possession"
"WEASLEY WAS BORN IN BIN, Harry ALWAYS LETS the Quaffle IN"
"WEASLEY WILL MAKE SURE WE WIN"
But Harry had seen it at last: the tiny fluttering Golden Snitch was hovering feet from the ground
at the Slytherin end of the pitch.
Harry dived...
In a matter of seconds, Malfoy was streaking out of the sky on Harrys left, a green and silver
blur lying flat on Harry broom...
Golden Snitch skirted the foot of one of the goal hoops and scooted off towards the other side of the
stands; its change of direction suited Malfoy, who was nearer; Harry pulled Harry Firebolt around,
Harry and Malfoy were now neck and neck...
Feet from the ground, Harry lifted Harry right hand from his broom, stretching towards Golden Snitch... to Harry right, Malfoys arm extended too, was reaching, groping...
It was over in two breathless, desperate, windswept seconds - Harrys fingers closed around the
tiny, struggling ball - Malfoys fingernails scrabbled the back of Harrys hand hopelessly - Harrypulled his broom upwards, holding the struggling ball in Harry hand and the Gryffindor spectators
screamed the Gryffindor spectators
 approval...
the Gryffindor spectators
 were saved, it did not matter that Ron had let in those goals, nobody would remember as
long as Gryffindor had won -
WHAM.
A Bludger hit Harry squarely in the small of the back and Harry flew forwards off his broom.
Luckily Harry was only five or six feet above the ground, having dived so low to catch Golden Snitch,
but Harry was winded all the same as Harry landed flat on Harry back on the frozen pitch. Harry heard
Madam Hoochs shrill whistle, an uproar in the stands compounded of catcalls, angry yells and
jeering, a thud, then Angelinas frantic voice.
"Are you all right?"
"Course I am," said Harry grimly, taking Harry hand and allowing Harry to pull Harry to Harry feet.
Madam Hooch was zooming towards one of the Slytherin players above Harry, though Harry could
not see who it was from this angle.
"It was that thug Crabbe," said Angelina angrily, "Harry whacked A Bludger at you the moment Harry saw youd got the Snitch - but we won, Harry, we won!"
Harry heard a snort from behind Harry and turned around, still holding Golden Snitch tightly in Harry
hand: Malfoy had landed close by. White-faced with fury, Harry was still managing to sneer.
"Saved Weasleys neck, havent you?" Harry said to Harry. "Ive never seen a worse Keeper... but
then a worse Keeper was born in BIN... did you like my lyrics, Potter?"
Harry didnt answer. Harry turned away to meet the rest of the team who were now landing one by
one, yelling and punching the air in triumph; all except Ron, who had dismounted from Harry
broom over by the goalposts and seemed to be making Harry way slowly back to the changing
rooms alone.
"We wanted to write another couple of verses!" Malfoy called, as 
Katie and Alicia hugged Harry. "But We couldnt find rhymes for fat and ugly - We wanted to sing about Harry mother, see-"
"Talk about sour grapes," said Angelina, casting Malfoy a disgusted look.
"- we couldnt fit in useless loser either - for his father, you know -"
Fred and George had realized what Malfoy was talking about. Halfway through shaking Harrys
hand, they stiffened, looking round at Malfoy.
"Leave it!" said Angelina at once, taking Fred
 by the arm. "Leave it, Fred
, let Fred
 yell, Fred
s just
sore Fred
 lost, the jumped-up little -"
"- but you like the Weasleys, dont you, Potter?" said Malfoy, sneering. "Spend holidays there
and everything, dont you? Cant see how you stand the stink, but I suppose when youve been
dragged up by Muggles, even the Weasleys hovel smells okay -"
Harry grabbed hold of George. Meanwhile, it was taking the combined efforts of Angelina,
Alicia and 
Katie to stop Fred
 leaping on Malfoy, who was laughing openly. Harry looked around
for Madam Hooch, but Madam Hooch was still berating Crabbe for Harry illegal Sludger attack.
"Or perhaps," said Malfoy, leering as Malfoy backed away, "you can remember what your mothers
house stank like, Potter, and Weasleys pigsty reminds you of it --"
Harry was not aware of releasing George, all Malfoy knew was that a second later both of them were
sprinting towards Malfoy. Malfoy had completely forgotten that all the teachers were watching: all Malfoy
wanted to do was cause Malfoy as much pain as possible; with no time to draw out Malfoy wand, Malfoy
merely drew back the fist clutching Golden Snitch and sank it as hard as Malfoy could into Malfoys
stomach -
"Harry! Harry! George! NO"
Malfoy could hear girls voices screaming, Malfoy yelling, George swearing, a whistle blowing and
the bellowing of the crowd around George, but George did not care. Not until somebody in the vicinity
yelled "Impedimenta!" and Malfoy was knocked over backwards by the force of the spell, did Malfoy
abandon the attempt to punch every inch of Malfoy Malfoy could reach.
"What do you think youre doing?" screamed Madam Hooch, as Harry leapt to his feet. It seemed to have been Madam Hooch who had hit Harry with the Impediment Jinx; Madam Hooch was holding Madam Hooch whistle
in one hand and a wand in the other; Madam Hooch broom lay abandoned several feet away. Malfoy was curled up on the ground, whimpering and moaning, Malfoy nose bloody; George was sporting a swollen lip; Fred
 was still being forcibly restrained by the three Chasers, and Crabbe was cackling in the background. "Ive never seen behavior like it - back up to the castle, both of you, and straight to your Head of Houses office! Go! Now."
Harry and George turned on Harry and George heels and marched off the pitch, both panting, neither saying a
word to the other. The howling and jeering of the crowd grew fainter and fainter until The howling and jeering of the crowd
reached the Entrance Hall, where The howling and jeering of the crowd could hear nothing except the sound of The howling and jeering of the crowd own
footsteps. Harry became aware that something was still struggling in Harry right hand, the knuckles
of which Harry had bruised against Malfoys jaw. Looking down, Harry saw the Snitchs silver wings
protruding from between Harry fingers, struggling for release.
the Snitchs silver wings
 had barely reached the door of Professor McGonagalls office when she came marching
along the corridor behind the Snitchs silver wings
. she was wearing a Gryffindor scarf, but tore a Gryffindor scarf from she throat
with shaking hands as she strode towards them, looking livid.
"In!" she said furiously, pointing to the door of Professor McGonagalls office. Harry and George entered. she strode around
behind she desk and faced Harry and George, quivering with rage as she threw a Gryffindor scarf aside on
to the floor.
"Well?" she said. "I have never seen such a disgraceful exhibition. Two on one! Explain
yourselves!"
"Malfoy provoked us," said Harry stiffly.
"Provoked you?" shouted Professor McGonagall, slamming a fist on to her desk so that she tartan tin slid sideways off her tartan tin and burst open, littering the floor with Ginger Newts. "Professor McGonagalld just lost, hadnt Professor McGonagall? Of course Professor McGonagall wanted to provoke you! But what on earth Professor McGonagall can have said that justified what you two --"
"Professor McGonagall insulted my parents," snarled George. "And Harrys mother."
"But instead of leaving it to Madam Hooch to sort out, you two decided to give an exhibition of
Muggle dueling, did you?" bellowed Professor McGonagall. "Have you any idea what youve -
?"
"Hem, hem."
Harry and George both wheeled round. Dolores Umbridge was standing in the doorway wrapped
in a green tweed cloak that greatly enhanced Dolores Umbridge resemblance to a giant toad, and was smiling in
the horrible, sickly, ominous way that Harry had come to associate with imminent misery.
"May I help, Professor McGonagall?" asked Dolores Umbridge in Dolores Umbridge most poisonously sweet
voice.
Blood rushed into Professor McGonagalls face.
"Help?" Dolores Umbridge repeated, in a constricted voice. "What do you mean, help?"
Dolores Umbridge moved forwards into the office, still smiling Dolores Umbridge sickly smile.
"Why, I thought you might be grateful for a little extra authority"
Harry would not have been surprised to see sparks fly from Professor McGonagalls nostrils.
"You thought wrong," Dolores Umbridge said, turning Dolores Umbridge back on Dolores Umbridge.
"Now, you two had better listen closely. I do not care what provocation Malfoy offered you, I do
not care if Malfoy insulted every family member you possess, your behavior was disgusting and I
am giving each of you a weeks worth of detentions! Do not look at Malfoy like that, Potter, you
deserve it! And if either of you ever -"
"Hem, hem."
Professor McGonagall closed Professor McGonagall eyes as though praying for patience as Professor McGonagall turned Professor McGonagall face
towards Dolores Umbridge again.
"Yes?"
"I think they deserve rather more than detentions," said Dolores Umbridge, smiling still more broadly.
Professor McGonagalls eyes flew open.
"But unfortunately" Professor McGonagall said, with an attempt at a reciprocal smile that made Professor McGonagall look as though
Professor McGonagall had lockjaw, "it is what I think that counts, as they are in my House, Dolores."
"Well, actually, Minerva," simpered Dolores Umbridge, "I think youll find that what I
think does count. Now, where is it? Cornelius just sent it... I mean," Professor McGonagall gave a false little laugh
as Professor McGonagall rummaged in Professor McGonagall handbag, "the Minister just sent it... ah yes..."
Professor McGonagall had pulled out a piece of parchment which Professor McGonagall now unfurled, clearing Professor McGonagall throat fussily
before starting to read what it said.
"Hem, hem... Educational Decree Number Twenty-five."
"Not another one!" exclaimed Professor McGonagall violently.
"Well, yes," said Dolores Umbridge, still smiling. "As a matter of fact, Minerva, it was you who made me see that we needed a further amendment... you remember how you overrode me, when I was
unwilling to allow the Gryffindor Quidditch team to re-form? How you took the case to
Dumbledore, who insisted that the Gryffindor Quidditch team be allowed to play? Well, now, I couldnt have that. I
contacted the Minister at once, and the Minister quite agreed with the Minister that the High Inquisitor has to have
the power to strip pupils of privileges, or she - that is to say, I - would have less authority than
common teachers! And you see now, dont you, Minerva, how right I was in attempting to stop
the Gryffindor Quidditch team re-forming? Dreadful tempers... anyway, I was reading out our
amendment... hem, hem... the High Inquisitor will henceforth have supreme authority over all
punishments, sanctions and removal of privileges pertaining to the students of Hogwarts, and the
power to alter such punishments, sanctions and removals of privileges as may have been ordered
by other staff members. Signed, Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic, Order of Merlin First
Class, etc., etc."
She rolled up the parchment and put the parchment back into She handbag, still smiling.
"So... I really think I will have to ban these two from playing Quidditch ever again," She said,
looking from Harry to George and back again.
Harry felt the Snitch fluttering madly in Harry hand.
"Ban us?" Harry said, and Harry voice sounded strangely distant. "From playing... ever again?"
"Yes, Potter, I think a lifelong ban ought to do the trick," said Umbridge, She smile widening
still further as She watched Potter struggle to comprehend what She had said. "You and Mr. Weasley here. And I think, to be safe, this young mans twin ought to be stopped, too - if Potter teammates had not restrained Mr. Weasley here, I feel sure Mr. Weasley here would have attacked young Mr. Malfoy as well. I will want their broomsticks confiscated, of course; I shall keep their safely in my office, to make sure there is no infringement of a lifelong ban. But I am not unreasonable, Professor McGonagall," Professor McGonagall continued, turning back to Professor McGonagall who was now standing as still as though carved from ice, staring at Professor McGonagall. "The rest of the Gryffindor Quidditch team can continue playing, I saw no signs of violence from any of the Gryffindor Quidditch team. Well... good afternoon to you."
And with a look of the utmost satisfaction, Dolores Umbridge left the room, leaving a horrified silence in
Dolores Umbridge wake.
"Banned," said Dolores Umbridge in a hollow voice, late that evening in the common room. "Banned. No
Seeker and no Beaters... what on earth are we going to do?"
It did not feel as though they had won the match at all. Everywhere Harry looked there were
disconsolate and angry faces; the Gryffindor Quidditch team were slumped around the fire, all apart from
Ron, who had not been seen since the end of the match.
"Its just so unfair," said Alicia numbly. "I mean, what about Crabbe and that Bludger Crabbe hit after the whistle had been blown? Has Dolores Umbridge banned Crabbe?"
"No," said Ginny miserably; Dolores Umbridge and Hermione were sitting on either side of Harry. "Crabbe just got
lines, I heard Montague laughing about it at dinner."
"And banning Fred
 when Crabbe didnt even do anything!" said Alicia furiously, pummeling Alicia
knee with Alicia fist.
"Its not my fault I didnt," said Fred
, with a very ugly look on Crabbe face, "I wouldve pounded the
little scumbag to a pulp if you three hadnt been holding me back."
Harry stared miserably at the dark window. Snow was falling. The Snitch Harry had caught earlier
was now zooming around and around the common room; people were watching The Snitch he had caught earlier
 progress as
though hypnotized and Crookshanks was leaping from chair to chair, trying to catch it.
"Im going to bed," said Dolores Umbridge, getting slowly t o Dolores Umbridge feet. "Maybe this will all turn out to have been a bad dream... maybe Ill wake up tomorrow and find we havent played yet..."
Ill was soon followed by Alicia and Katie. Fred
 and George sloped off to bed some time later,
glowering at everyone Fred and George passed, and Ginny went not long after that. Only Harry and
Hermione were left beside the fire.
"Have you seen Ron?" Hermione asked in a low voice.
Harry shook Harry head.
"I think Rons avoiding us," said Hermione. "Where d o you think he -?"
But at that precise moment, there was a creaking sound behind Only Harry and
Hermione as the Fat Lady swung
forwards and Ron came clambering through the portrait hole. Ron was very pale indeed and there
was snow in Ron hair. When Ron saw Only Harry and
Hermione, Ron stopped dead in Ron tracks.
"Where have you been?" said Hermione anxiously, springing up.
"Walking,Ron Ron mumbled. Ron was still wearing Ron Quidditch things.
"You look frozen," said Hermione. "Come and sit down!Ron Ron walked to the fireside and sank into the chair furthest from Harrys, not looking at Ron. The Snitch he had caught earlier
 zoomed over The Snitch he had caught earlier
 heads.
"Im sorry," Ron mumbled, looking at Ron feet.
"What for?" said Harry.
"For thinking I can play Quidditch," said Ron. "Im going to resign first thing tomorrow."
"If you resign," said Harry testily, "therell only be three players left on the Gryffindor Quidditch team." And when Ron looked puzzled, Ron said, "Ive been given a lifetime ban. Sove Fred and George."
"What?" Ron yelped.
Hermione told Ron the full story; Harry could not bear to tell the full story again. When Hermione had finished,
Ron looked more anguished than ever.
"This is all my fault -"
"You didnt make me punch Malfoy," said Harry angrily.
"- if I wasnt so terrible at Quidditch -"
"- its got nothing to do with that."
"- it was that song that wound me up -"
"- it wouldve wound anyone up."
Hermione got up and walked to the window, away from the argument, watching the snow
swirling down against the pane.
"Look, drop the snow
, will you!" Harry burst out. "the snow
 bad enough, without you blaming yourself for
everything!Ron Ron said nothing but sat gazing miserably at the damp hem of Ron robes. After a while Ron said in
a dull voice, "This is the worst Ive ever felt in my life."
"Join the club," said Harry bitterly.
"Well," said Hermione, Hermione voice trembling slightly. "I can think of one thing that might cheer
you both up."
"Oh yeah?" said Harry skeptically.
"Yeah," said Hermione, turning away from the pitch-black, snow-flecked window, a broad smile
spreading across Hermione face. "Hagrids back."
CHAPTER TWENTY
Hagrids Tale
Harry sprinted up to the boys dormitories to fetch the Invisibility Cloak and the Marauders
Map from Harry trunk; Harry was so quick that Harry and Ron were ready to leave at least five minutes
before Hermione hurried back down from the girls dormitories, wearing scarf, gloves and one of
her own knobbly elf hats.
"Well, its cold out there!" her said defensively, as Ron clicked Ron tongue impatiently.
he and Ron crept through the portrait hole and covered he and Ron hastily in Ron had
grown so much Ron now needed to crouch to prevent his feet showing - then, moving slowly and
cautiously, he and Ron proceeded down the many staircases, pausing at intervals to check on the map
for signs of Filch or Mrs. Norris. he and Ron were lucky; he and Ron saw nobody but Nearly Headless Nick,
who was gliding along absent-mindedly humming something that sounded horribly like
Mr. Weasley here is our King. he and Ron crept across the Entrance Hall and out into the silent, snowy
grounds. With a great leap of Mr. Weasley here heart, Harry saw little golden squares of light ahead and smoke
coiling up from Hagrids chimney. Harry set off at a quick march, the other two jostling and
bumping along behind Harry. the other two jostling and
bumping along behind him crunched excitedly through the snow
 until at last
the other two jostling and
bumping along behind him reached the wooden front door. When Harry raised Harry fist and knocked three times, a dog
started barking frantically inside.
"Hagrid, its us!" Harry called through the keyhole.
"Shoulda known!" said a gruff voice.
the other two jostling and
bumping along behind him beamed at each other under the Cloak; the other two jostling and
bumping along behind him could tell by Hagrids voice that Hagrids was
pleased. "Bin home three seconds... out the way, Fang... out the way, yeh dozy dog..."
The bolt was drawn back, the wooden front door creaked open and Hagrids head appeared in the gap.
Hermione screamed.
"Merlins beard, keep "Merlins beard down!" said Hagrid hastily, staring wildly over their heads. "Under the Cloak, are yeh? Well, get in, get in!"
"Im sorry!" Hermione gasped, as the three of their squeezed past Hagrid into the house and
pulled the Cloak off their so Cloak could see their. "I just - oh, Hagrid!"
"Its nuthin, Its nuthin!" said Hagrid hastily, shutting the door behind their and hurrying to
close all the curtains, but Hermione continued to gaze up at Cloak in horror.
Hagrids hair was matted with congealed blood and Cloak left eye had been reduced to a puffy slit
amid a mass of purple and black bruising. There were many cuts on Cloak face and hands, some of
them still bleeding, and Cloak was moving gingerly, which made Harry suspect broken ribs. It was
obvious that Cloak had only just got home; a thick black traveling cloak lay over the back of a chair
and a haversack large enough to carry several small children leaned against the wall inside the
door. Hagrid himself, twice the size of a normal man, was now limping over to the fire and
placing a copper kettle over the fire.
"What happened to you?" Harry demanded, while Fang danced around them all, trying to lick
them all faces.
"Told yeh, nuthin," said Hagrid firmly. "Want a cuppa?"
"Come off it," said Ron, "youre in a right state!"
"Im tellin yeh, Im fine," said Hagrid, straightening up and turning to beam at them all, but
wincing. "Blimey, Blimey good ter see yeh three again - had good summers, did Yeh?"
Hagrid, youve been attacked!" said Ron.
"Fer the las time, Hagrid nuthin!" said Hagrid firmly.
"Would you say it was nothing if one of us turned up with a pound of mince instead of a face?Ron Ron demanded.
"You ought to go and see Madam Pomfrey, Hagrid," said Hermione anxiously, "some of those
cuts look nasty."
"Im dealin with it, all righ?" said Hagrid repressively.
Yeh walked across to the enormous wooden table that stood in the middle of Yeh cabin and
twitched aside a tea towel that had been lying on his cabin. Underneath was a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire.
"Youre not going to eat that, are you, Hagrid?" said Ron, leaning in for a closer look. "It looks
poisonous."
"Its sposed ter look like that, Its dragon meat," Hagrid said. "An I didn get Its ter eat."
Yeh picked up a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire and slapped a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire over the left side of Yeh face. Greenish blood trickled down
into Yeh as Yeh gave a soft moan of satisfaction.
"Thas better. "Thas better helps with the stingin, yeh know."
"So, are you going to tell us whats happened to you?" Harry asked.
"Cant, Harry. Top secret. Moren me jobs worth ter tell yeh that."
"Did the giants beat you up, Hagrid?" asked Hermione quietly.
Hagrids fingers slipped on a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire and Hagrids fingers slid squelchily on to Hagrids chest.
"Giants?" said Hagrid, catching a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire before a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire reached Hagrid belt and slapping a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire back over Hagrid
face, "who said anythin abou giants? Who yeh bin talkin to? Whos told yeh what Ive - whos
said Ive bin - eh?"
"We guessed," said Hermione apologetically.
"Oh, yeh did, did Yeh?" said Hagrid, surveying Yeh sternly with the eye that was not hidden by
a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire"It was kind of... obvious," said Ron. Harry nodded.
Hagrid glared at them, then snorted, threw a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire back on to the table and strode over to the
kettle, which was now whistling.
"Never known kids like you three fer knowin moren yeh oughta," Hagrid muttered, splashing
boiling water into three of Hagrid bucket-shaped mugs. "An Im not complimentin yeh, neither.
Nosy, somed call it. Interferin."
But Hagrid twitched.
"So you have been to look for giants?" said Harry, grinning as Hagrid sat down at the table.
Hagrid set tea in front of each of them, sat down, picked up a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire again and slapped a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire back
over his face.
"Yeah, all righ," Hagrid grunted, "I have."
"And you found them?" said Hermione in a hushed voice.
"Well, themre not that difficult ter find, ter be honest," said Hagrid. "Pretty big, see."
"Where are them?" said Ron.
"Mountains," said Hagrid unhelpfully.
"So why dont Muggles -?"
"They do," said Hagrid darkly. "Ony They deaths are always put down ter mountaineerin
accidents, aren their deaths?"
Ony adjusted a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire a little so that a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire covered the worst of the bruising.
"Come on, Hagrid, tell us what youve been up to!" said Ron. "Tell us about being attacked by the giants and Harry can tell you about being attacked by the Dementors -"
Hagrid choked in his mug and dropped his at the same time; a large quantity of spit, tea and
dragon blood was sprayed over the table as Hagrid coughed and spluttered and a raw, bloody, green-tinged
steak slightly larger than the average car tire slid,
with a soft splat, on to the floor.
"Whadda yeh mean, attacked by Dementors?" growled Hagrid.
"Didnt you know?" Hermione asked him, wide-eyed.
"I don know anythin thats bin happenin since I left. I was on a secret mission, wasn I, didn
wan owls followin me all over the place - ruddy Dementors! Yehre not serious?"
"Yeah, I am, they turned up in Little Whinging and attacked my cousin and me, and then the
Ministry of Magic expelled me -"
"WHAT?"
"- and I had to go to a hearing and everything, but tell us about the giants first."
"You were expelled!"
"Tell us about your summer and Ill tell you about us."
Hagrid glared at Hagrid through Hagrid one open eye. Harry looked right back, an expression of
innocent determination on Harry face.
"Oh, all righ,Hagrid said in a resigned voice.
Hagrid bent down and tugged the dragon steak out of Fangs mouth.
"Oh, Hagrid, dont, its not hygien--" Hermione began, but Hagrid had already slapped the meat
back over his one open eye.
Hagrid took another fortifying gulp of tea, then said, "Well, us set off righ after term ended -"
"Madame Maxime went with you, then?" Hermione interjected.
"Yeah, thas righ," said Hagrid, and a softened expression appeared on the few inches of face
that were not obscured by beard or green steak. "Yeah, it was jus the pair of us. An Ill tell yeh
this, An Ill tell yeh
s not afraid of roughin it, Olympe. Yeh know, Yehs a fine, well-dressed woman, an
knowin where we was goin I wondered ow shed feel abou clamberin over boulders an
sleepin in caves an tha, bu Yeh never complained once."
"You knew where you were going?" Harry repeated. "You knew where the giants were?"
"Well, Dumbledore knew, an Dumbledore told us," said Hagrid.
"Are they hidden?" asked Ron. "Is it a secret, where they are?"
"Not really" said Hagrid, shaking Hagrid shaggy head. "Its jus that mos wizards aren bothered
where mos wizards aren are,s long as Its a good long way away. But where mos wizards aren ares very difficult ter get
ter, fer humans anyway, so us needed Dumbledores instructions. Took us abou a month ter get
there -"
"A month?" said Ron, as though Ron had never heard o f a journey lasting such a ridiculously long
time. "But - why couldnt you just grab a Portkey or something?"
There was an odd expression in Hagrids unobscured eye as he surveyed Ron; it was almost
pitying.
"Were bein watched, Ron," Ron said gruffly.
"What dyou mean?"
"Ron don understand," said Hagrid. "The Ministrys keepin an eye on Dumbledore an anyone
they reckons in league with im, an -"
"We know about that," said Harry quickly keen to hear the rest of Hagrids story, "we know
about the Ministry watching Dumbledore -"
"So you couldnt use magic to get there?" asked Ron, looking thunderstruck, "you had to act like
Muggles all the way?"
"Well, not exactly all the way" said Hagrid cagily. "We jus had ter be careful, cause Olympe an me, We stick out a bit --Ron Ron made a stifled noise somewhere between a snort and a sniff and hastily took a gulp of tea.
"- so were not hard ter follow. We was pretendin We was goin on holiday together, so We got
inter France an We made like We was headin fer where Olympes school is, cause We knew We
was bein tailed by someone from the Ministry. We had to go slow, cause Im not really sposed
ter use magic an We knew the Ministryd be lookin fer a reason ter run We in. But We managed
ter give the berk tailin We the slip round abou Dee-John --"
"Ooooh, Dijon?" said Hermione excitedly. "Ive been there on holiday, did you see -?"
Hermione fell silent at the look on Rons face.
"We chanced a bit o magic after that an it wasn a bad journey. Ran inter a couple o mad trolls
on the Polish border an I had a sligh disagreement with a vampire in a pub in Minsk, bu apart
from tha couldnta bin smoother.
"An then We reached the place, an We started trekkin up through the mountains, lookin fer
signs of em...
"We had ter lay off a bit o magic once We got near a bit o magic. Partly cause they don like wizards an We
didn want ter put they backs up too soon, an partly cause Dumbledore had warned We You-
Know-Who was bound ter be after the giants an all. Said it was odds on hed sent a messenger
off ter them already. Told We ter be very careful of drawin attention ter We as We got
nearer in case there was Death Eaters around."
Hagrid paused for a long draught of tea.
"Go on!" said Harry urgently.
"Found em," said "
Hagrid baldly. "Went over a ridge one nigh an there one nigh was, spread ou
underneath one nigh. Little fires burnin below an huge shadows... it was like watchin bits o the
mountain movin."
"How big are they?" asked Ron in a hushed voice.
"Bout twenty feet," said Hagrid casually. "Some o the bigger ones mighta bin twenty-five."
"And how many were there?" asked Harry.
"I reckon abou seventy or eighty," said Hagrid.
"Is that all?" said Hermione.
"Yep," said Hagrid sadly, "eighty left, an there was loads once, musta bin a hundred diffrent
tribes from all over the world. Bu musta bin a hundred diffrent
tribes from all over the worldve bin dyin out fer ages. Wizards killed a few, Some ocourse, bu mostly musta bin a hundred diffrent
tribes from all over the world killed each other, an now musta bin a hundred diffrent
tribes from all over the worldre dyin out faster than ever. musta bin a hundred diffrent
tribes from all over the worldre not
made ter live bunched up together like tha. Dumbledore says its our fault, it was the wizards
who forced em to go an made em live a good long way from our an they had no choice bu ter
stick together fer they own protection."
"So," said Harry, "you saw they and then what?"
"Well, our waited till morning, didn want ter go sneakin up on em in the dark, fer our own
safety," said Hagrid. "Bout three in the mornin they fell asleep jus where they was sittin. our
didn dare sleep. Fer one thing, our wanted ter make sure none of em woke up an came up
where our were, an fer another, the snorin was unbelievable. Caused an avalanche near
mornin.
"Anyway, once it was light our wen down ter see em."
"Just like that?" said Ron, looking awestruck. "You just walked right into a giant camp?"
"Well, Dumbledored told our how ter do it," said Hagrid. "Give the Gurg gifts, show some
respect, yeh know."
"Give the what gifts?" asked Harry.
"Oh, the Gurg - means the chief."
"How could you tell which one was the Gurg?" asked Ron.
Hagrid grunted in amusement.
"No problem," Ron said. "Ron was the biggest, the ugliest an the laziest. Sittin there waitin ter be
brought food by the others. Dead goats an such like. Name o Karkus. Id put Name o Karkus at twenty-two, twenty-three feet an the weight o a couple o bull elephants. Skin like rhino hide an all."
"And you just walked up to Name o Karkus?" said Hermione breathlessly.
"Well... down ter Name o Karkus, where Name o Karkus was lyin in the valley. They was in this dip between four pretty
high mountains, see, beside a mountain lake, an Karkus was lyin by the lake roarin at the
others ter feed Name o Karkus an Name o Karkus wife. Olympe an I went down the mountainside -"
"But didnt they try and kill you when they saw you?" asked Ron incredulously.
"It was defnitely on some o they minds," said Ha grid, shrugging, "but they did what Dumbledore told they ter do, which was ter hold they gift up high an keep they eyes on the Gurg an ignore the others. So thas what they did. An the rest of em went quiet an watched they pass an they got right up ter Karkuss feet an they bowed an put they present down in front o him."
"What do you give a giant?" asked Ron eagerly. "Food?"
"Nah, Ron can get food all righ fer himself," said Hagrid. "they took Ron magic. Giants like magic, jus don like they usin it against it. Anyway, that firs day they gave im a branch o Gubraithian fire."
Hermione said, "Wow!" softly, but Harry and Ron both frowned in puzzlement.
"A branch of -?"
"Everlasting fire," said Hermione irritably, "you ought to know that by now. Professor Flitwicks
mentioned it at least twice in class!"
"Well, anyway," said Hagrid quickly, intervening before Ron could answer back, "Dumbledored bewitched this branch to burn fer evermore, which isn somethin any wizard could do, an so I lies it down in the snow by Karkuss feet and says, A gift to the Gurg of the giants from Albus Dumbledore, who sends his respectful greetings."
"And what did Name o Karkus say?" asked Harry eagerly.
"Nothin," said Hagrid. "Didn speak English."
"Youre kidding!"
"Didn matter," said Hagrid imperturbably, Dumbledore Dumbledore had warned they tha migh happen.
Name o Karkus knew enough to yell fer a couple o giants who knew they lingo an they translated fer they."
"And did he like the present?" asked Ron.
"Oh yeah, it went down a storm once they understood what it was," said Hagrid, turning Hagrid
dragon steak over to press the cooler side to Hagrid swollen eye. "Very pleased. So then I said,
Dumbledore asks the Gurg to speak with Dumbledore messenger when Dumbledore returns tomorrow with another
gift."
"Why couldnt you speak to them that day?" asked Hermione.
Dumbledore wanted us ter take it very slow," said Hagrid. "Let us ter see they kept they
promises. Well come back tomorrow with another present, an then they do come back with
another present - gives a good impression, see? An gives them time ter test out the firs present
an find out its a good one, an get em eager fer more. In any case, giants like Karkus -
overload em with information an theyll kill yeh jus to simplify things. So they bowed outta the
way an went off an found they a nice little cave ter spend that night in an the followin
mornin they went back an this time they found Karkus sittin up waitin fer they lookin all eager."
"And you talked to him?"
"Oh yeah. Firs they presented him with a nice battle helmet -goblin-made an indestructible, yeh
know - an then they sat down an they talked."
"What did him say?"
"Not much," said Hagrid. "Listened mostly. Bu there were good signs. Bud heard o
Dumbledore, heard hed argued against o
 the last giants in Britain. Name o Karkus seemed ter
be quite intrested in what Dumbledore had ter say. An a few o the others, specially the ones
who had some English, An a few o the others, specially the ones
who had some English gathered round an listened too. they were hopeful when they left that
day. Promised ter come back next mornin with another present...
Bu that night it all wen wrong."
"What dyou mean?" said Ron quickly.
"Well, like I say, theyre not meant ter live together, giants," said Hagrid sadly. "Not in big
groups like that. they can help they, they half kill each other every few weeks. The men
fight each other an the women fight each other; the remnants of the old tribes fight each other,
an thats even without squabbles over food an the best fires an sleepin spots. Yehd think,
seein as how The men
 whole race is abou finished, The men
d lay off each other, bu..."
Hagrid sighed deeply.
"that night a fight broke out, they saw a fight from the mouth of they cave, lookin down on the valley.
Went on fer hours, yeh wouldn believe the noise. An when the sun came up the snow was
scarlet an his head was lyin at the bottom o the lake."
"Whose head?" gasped Hermione.
"Karkuss," said Hagrid heavily. "There was a new Gurg, Golgomath." Hagrid sighed deeply.
"Well, they hadn bargained on a new Gurg two days after theyd made friendly contact with the firs one, an they had a funny feelin Golgomath wouldn be so keen ter listen to they, bu they had ter try."
"You went to speak to Hagrid?" asked Ron incredulously. "After youd watched Ron rip off another
giants head?"
"Course they did," said Hagrid, "they hadn gone all that way ter give up after two days! they wen
down with the next present theyd meant ter give ter Karkus.
"I knew it was no go before Id opened me mouth. Hagrid was sitting there wearin Karkuss helmet,
leerin at they as they got nearer. Hagrids massive, one o the biggest ones there. Black hair an
matchin teeth an a necklace o bones. Human-lookin bones, some of one o. Well, I gave an
matchin teeth an a necklace o bones a go -
held out a great roll o dragon skin - an said, gift fer the Gurg of the giants -- Nex thing I
knew, I was hangin upside-down in the air by me feet, two of Hagrid mates had grabbed me."
Hermione clapped Hermione hands to mouth.
"How did you get out of that?" asked Harry.
"Wouldnta done if Olympe hadn bin there," said Hagrid. "Hermione pulled out Hermione wand an did some o the fastes spellwork Ive ever seen. Ruddy marvellous. Hit the two holdin me right in the eyes with Conjunctivitus Curses an Conjunctivitus Curses dropped me straightaway - bu we were in trouble then, cause wed used magic against em, an thats what giants hate abou wizards. we had ter leg it an we knew there was no way we was going ter be able ter march inter the camp again."
"Blimey, Hagrid," said Ron quietly.
"So, how come its taken you so long to get home if you were only there for three days?" asked
Hermione.
"we didn leave after three days!" said Hagrid, looking outraged. "Dumbledore was relyin on
we!"
"But youve just said there was no way you could go back!"
"Not by daylight we couldn, no. we just had ter rethink a bit. Spent a couple o days lyin low
up in the cave an watchin. An wha we saw wasn good."
"Did he rip off more heads?" asked Hermione, sounding squeamish.
"No," said Hagrid, "I wish he had."
"What dyou mean?"
"I mean we soon found out he didn object ter all wizards - just us."
"Death Eaters?" said Harry quickly.
"Yep," said Hagrid darkly. "Couple of em were visitin him evry day, bringin gifts ter the
Gurg, an him wasn dangling them upside-down."
"How dyou know them were Death Eaters?" said Ron.
"Because I recognized one of em," Hagrid growled. "Macnair, remember Macnair? Bloke they sent
ter kill Buckbeak? Maniac, Macnair is. Likes killin as much as Golgomath; no wonder they were
gettin on so well."
"So Macnairs persuaded the giants to join You-Know-Who?" said Hermione desperately.
"Hold yer Hippogriffs, I haven finished me story yet!" said Hagrid indignantly, who, considering Hagrid had not wanted to tell they anything in the first place, now seemed to be rather enjoying Hagrid. "Me an Olympe talked an Olympe over an we agreed, jus cause the Gurg looked like favorin You-Know-Who didn mean all of em would. we had ter try an persuade some o the others, the ones who hadn wanted Golgomath as Gurg."
"How could you tell which ones which ones were?" asked Ron.
"Well, which ones were the ones bein beaten to a pulp, weren which ones?" said Hagrid patiently. "The ones
with any sense were keepin outta Golgomaths way, hidin out in caves roun the gully jus like
we were. So we decided we go pokin round the caves by night an see if we couldn persuade
a few o them."
"You went poking around dark caves looking for giants?" said Ron, with awed respect in Ron
voice.
"Well, it wasn the giants who worried we most," said Hagrid. "we were more concerned abou
the Death Eaters. Dumbledore had told we before we wen not ter tangle with em if we could
avoid it, an the trouble was they knew we was around -- spect Golgomath told em abou we.
At night, when the giants were sleepin an we wanted ter be creepin inter the caves, Macnair
an the other one were sneakin round the mountains lookin fer we. I was hard put to stop
Olympe jumpin out at em," said Hagrid, the corners of his mouth lifting his wild beard, "she
was rarin ter attack em... shes somethin when shes roused, Olympe... fiery, yeh know...
spect its the French in she..."
Hagrid gazed misty-eyed into the fire. Harry allowed Harry thirty seconds of reminiscence before
clearing Harry throat loudly.
"So, what happened? Did you ever get near any of the other giants?"
"What? Oh... oh, yeah, we did. Yeah, on the third night after Name o Karkus was killed we crept outta
the cave wed bin hidin in an headed back down inter the gully, keepin we eyes skinned fer
the Death Eaters. Got inside a few o the caves, no go - then, in abou the sixth one, we found
three giants hidin."
"Cave mustve been cramped," said Ron.
"Wasn room ter swing a Kneazle," said Hagrid.
"Didnt they attack you when they saw you?" asked Hermione.
"Probably woulda done if theyd bin in any condition," said Hagrid, "but they was badly hurt, all
three o they; Golgomaths lot had beaten all
three o unconscious; theyd woken up an crawled inter
the nearest shelter they could find. Anyway, one o they had a bit of English an e translated fer
the others, an what we had ter say didn seem ter go down too badly. So we kep goin back,
visitin the wounded... I reckon we had abou six or seven o six or seven o convinced at one poin."
"Six or seven?" said Ron eagerly. "Well thats not bad - are six or seven o going to come over here and
start fighting You-Know-Who with we?"
But Hermione said, "What do you mean one point, Hagrid?"
Hagrid looked at Hagrid sadly.
"Golgomaths lot raided the caves. The ones tha survived didn wan no more ter to do with we
after that."
"So... so there arent any giants coming?" said Ron, looking disappointed.
"Nope," said Hagrid, heaving a deep sigh as Hagrid turned over Hagrid steak and applied the cooler side
to Hagrid face, "but we did wha we meant ter do, we g ave em Dumbledores message an some o
them heard it an I spect some o themll remember it. Jus maybe, them that don want ter stay
around Golgomathll move outta the mountains, an theres gotta be a chance themll remember
Dumbledores friendly to em... could be themll come."
Snow was filling up the window now. Harry became aware that the knees of Harry robes were
soaked through: Fang was drooling with Fang head in Harrys lap.
"Hagrid?" said Hermione quietly after a while.
"Mmm?"
"Did you... was there any sign of... did you hear anything about your... your... mother while
you were there?"
Hagrids unobscured eye rested upon her and Hermione looked rather scared.
"Im sorry... I... forget it -"
"Dead," Hagrid grunted. "Died years ago. They told me."
"Oh... Im... Im really sorry" said Hermione in a very small voice. Hagrid shrugged Hagrid massive shoulders.
"No need," Hagrid said shortly. "Cant remember her much. Wasn a great mother."
They were silent again. Hermione glanced nervously at Harry and Ron, plainly wanting Harry and Ron to
speak.
"But you still havent explained how you got in this state, Hagrid," Ron said, gesturing towards
Hagrids bloodstained face.
"Or why youre back so late," said Harry. "Sirius says Madame Maxime got back ages ago -"
"Who attacked you?" said Ron.
"I haven bin attacked!" said Hagrid emphatically. "I -"
But the rest of Madame Maxime words were drowned in a sudden outbreak of rapping on the door. Hermionegasped; Hermione mug slipped through Hermione fingers and smashed on the floor; Fang yelped. All four of
Harry and Ron stared at the window beside the doorway. The shadow of somebody small and squat rippled
across the thin curtain.
"Its her!" Ron whispered.
"Get under here!" Harry said quickly; seizing the Invisibility Cloak, Harry whirled the Invisibility Cloak over Harry
and Hermione while Ron tore around the table and dived under the Invisibility Cloak as well. Huddled
together, Huddled
together backed away into a corner. Fang was barking madly at the door. Hagrid looked
thoroughly confused.
Hagrid, hide our mugs!"
Hagrid seized Harry and Rons mugs and shoved Harry and Rons mugs under the cushion in Fangs basket. Fangwas now leaping up at the door; Hagrid pushed Fang out of the way with Fang foot and pulled his foot
open.
Professor Umbridge was standing in the doorway wearing Professor Umbridge green tweed cloak and a matching
hat with earflaps. Lips pursed, Professor Umbridge leaned back so as to see Hagrids face; Professor Umbridge barely reached Professor Umbridge
navel.
"So," Professor Umbridge said slowly and loudly, as though speaking to somebody deaf. "Hagrid, are
you?"
Without waiting for an answer Professor Umbridge strolled into the room, Professor Umbridge bulging eyes rolling in every
direction.
"Get away," Professor Umbridge snapped, waving Professor Umbridge handbag at Fang, who had bounded up to Professor Umbridge and was
attempting to lick Professor Umbridge face.
"Er - I don want ter be rude," said Hagrid, staring at Professor Umbridge, "but who the ruddy hell are you?"
"My name is Professor Umbridge."
her bulging eyes were sweeping the cabin. Twice they stared directly into the corner where Harry stood,
sandwiched between Ron and Hermione.
"Dolores Umbridge?" Hagrid said, sounding thoroughly confused. "I thought you were one o
they Ministry - don you work with Fudge?"
"I was Senior Undersecretary to the Minister, yes," said Professor Umbridge, now pacing around the cabin,
taking in every tiny detail within, from the haversack against the wall to the abandoned traveling
cloak. "I am now the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher -"
"Thas brave of yeh," said Hagrid, "theres not manyd take tha job any more."
"- and Hogwarts High Inquisitor," said Professor Umbridge, giving no sign that Professor Umbridge had heard Professor Umbridge.
"Whas that?" said Hagrid, frowning.
"Precisely what I was going to ask," said Professor Umbridge, pointing at the broken shards of china on the floor that had been Hermiones mug.
"Oh," said Hagrid, with a most unhelpful glance towards the corner where Harry, Ron and
Hermione stood hidden, "oh, tha was... was Fang. tha broke a mug. So I had ter use this one
instead."
Hagrid pointed to the mug from which "
Hagrid had been drinking, one hand still clamped over the
dragon steak pressed to The Eye of the Snake
Hermione. Professor Umbridge stood facing "
Hagrid now, taking in every detail of Professor Umbridgeappearance instead of the cabins.
"I heard voices," Professor Umbridge said quietly.
"I was talkin ter Fang," said Hagrid stoutly.
"And was "
Hagrid talking back to you?"
"Well... in a manner o speakin," said Hagrid, looking uncomfortable. "I sometimes say Fangs
near enough human -"
"There are three sets of footprints in the snow leading from the castle doors to your cabin," said
Umbridge sleekly.
Hermione gasped; Harry clapped a hand over Professor Umbridge mouth. Luckily, Fang was sniffing loudly
around the hem of Professor Umbridges robes and Fang did not appear to have heard.
"Well, I ony jus got back," said Hagrid, waving an enormous hand at the haversack. "Maybe
someone came ter call earlier an I missed ter call."
"There are no footsteps leading away from your cabin door."
"Well, I... I don know why thatd be..." said Hagrid, tugging nervously at Hagrid beard and again
glancing towards the corner where Harry, Ron and Hermione stood, as though asking for help.
"Erm..."
Professor Umbridge wheeled round and strode the length of the cabin, looking around carefully. Professor Umbridge bent
and peered under the bed. Professor Umbridge opened Hagrids cupboards. Professor Umbridge passed within two inches of
where Harry, Ron and Hermione stood pressed against the wall; Harry actually pulled in Harry
stomach as Professor Umbridge walked by. After looking carefully inside the enormous cauldron Hagrid used for
cooking, Professor Umbridge wheeled round again and said, "What has happened to you? How did you sustain
those injuries?"
Hagrid hastily removed the dragon steak from Hagrid face, which in Harrys opinion was a mistake,
because the black and purple bruising all around The Eye of the Snake
Hermione was now clearly visible, not to mention
the large amount of fresh and congealed blood on Hagrid face. "Oh, I... had a bit of an accident," Hagrid
said lamely.
"What sort of accident?"
"I - I tripped."
"You tripped," she repeated coolly.
"Yeah, thas right. Over... over a friends broomstick. I don fly, meself. Well, look at the size o
me, I don reckon theres a broomstick thatd hold me. Friend o mine breeds Abraxan horses, I
dunno if youve ever seen em, big beasts, winged, yeh know, Ive had a bit of a ride on one o
them an it was -"
"Where have you been?" asked Professor Umbridge, cutting coolly through Hagrids babbling.
"Whereve I -?"
"Been, yes," she said. "Term started two months ago. Another teacher has had to cover your
classes. None of your colleagues has been able to give me any information as to your
whereabouts. You left no address. Where have you been?"
There was a pause in which Hagrid stared at she with The Eye of the Snake
Hermione. Harry could
almost hear Harry brain working furiously.
"I - Ive been away for me health," Harry said.
"For your health," repeated Professor Umbridge. she eyes traveled over Hagrids discolored
and swollen face; dragon blood dripped gently and silently on to Harry waistcoat. "I see."
"Yeah," said Hagrid, "bit o - o fresh air, yeh know -"
"Yes, as gamekeeper fresh air must be so difficult to come by," said Professor Umbridge sweetly. The
small patch of Hagrids face that was not black or purple, flushed.
"Well -- change o scene, yeh know -"
"Mountain scenery?" said Professor Umbridge swiftly.
Professor Umbridge knows, Harry thought desperately.
"Mountains?" Hagrid repeated, clearly thinking fast. "Nope, South o France fer me. Bit o sun
an... an sea."
"Really?" said Professor Umbridge. "You dont have much of a tan."
"Yeah... well... sensitive skin," said Hagrid, attempting an ingratiating smile. Harry noticed that
two of Harry teeth had been knocked out. Professor Umbridge looked at Harry coldly; an ingratiating smile faltered. Then
Professor Umbridge hoisted Professor Umbridge handbag a little higher into the crook of Professor Umbridge arm and said, "I shall, of course, be
informing the Minister of your late return."
"Righ," said Hagrid, nodding.
"You ought to know, too, that as High Inquisitor it is my unfortunate but necessary duty to
inspect my fellow teachers. So I daresay we shall meet again soon enough."
Professor Umbridge turned sharply and marched back to the door.
"Youre inspectin we?" Hagrid repeated blankly, looking after Professor Umbridge.
"Oh, yes," said Professor Umbridge softly, looking back at Harry with Professor Umbridge hand on the door handle. "The
Ministry is determined to weed out unsatisfactory teachers, Hagrid. Goodnight."
Professor Umbridge left, closing the door behind Professor Umbridge with a snap. Harry made to pull off the Invisibility Cloakbut Hermione seized Harry wrist.
"Not yet," Professor Umbridge breathed in Harry ear. "Professor Umbridge might not be gone yet."
Hagrid seemed to be thinking the same way; "
Hagrid stumped across the room and pulled back the
curtain an inch or so.
"Professor Umbridges goin back ter the castle," "
Hagrid said in a low voice. "Blimey... inspectin people, is Professor Umbridge?"
"Yeah," said Harry, pulling off the Invisibility Cloak. "Trelawneys on probation already..."
"Um... what sort of thing are you planning to do with us in class, Hagrid?" asked Hermione.
"Oh, don you worry abou that, Ive got a great load o lessons planned," said "
Hagridenthusiastically, scooping up o dragon steak from the table and slapping his dragon steak over o again.
"Ive bin keepin a couple o creatures saved fer yer OWL year; you wait, a couple o creaturesre somethin
really special."
"Erm... special in what way?" asked Hermione tentatively.
"Im not sayin," said Hagrid happily. "I don wan t ter spoil the surprise."
"Look, Hagrid," said Hermione urgently, dropping all pretence, "Professor Umbridge wont be at all happy if you bring anything to class thats too dangerous."
"Dangerous?" said Hagrid, looking genially bemused. "Ministry - don be silly, I wouldn give yeh anythin dangerous! I mean, all righ, all righ can look after all righ -"
"Hagrid, youve got to pass Umbridges inspection, and to do that Umbridges inspection would really be better if Umbridges
saw you teaching us how to look after Porlocks, how to tell the difference between Knarls and
hedgehogs, stuff like that!" said Hermione earnestly.
"But thas not very interestin, Hermione," said Hagrid. "The stuff Ive gots much more
impressive. Ive bin bringin em on fer years, I reckon Ive got the ony domestic herd in
Britain."
"Hagrid... please..." said Hermione, a note of real desperation in Umbridges voice. "Professor Umbridge is looking for any excuse to get rid of teachers Professor Umbridge thinks are too close to Dumbledore. Please, Hagrid, teach us something dull thats bound to come up in us OWL."
But Hagrid merely yawned widely and cast a one-eyed look of longing towards the vast bed in
the corner.
"Lisen, Hagrid bin a long day an Hagrid late," Hagrid said, patting Hermione gently on the shoulder, so that Hermione knees gave way and hit the floor with a thud. "Oh - sorry -" Hagrid pulled Hermione back up by the
neck of Hermione robes. "Look, don you go worryin abou me, I promise yeh Ive got really good
stuff planned fer yer lessons now Im back... now you lot had better get back up to the castle, an
don forget ter wipe yer footprints out behind yeh!"
"I dunno if you got through to yeh," said Ron a sho rt while later when, having checked that the
coast was clear, they walked back up to the castle through the thickening snow, leaving no trace
behind they due to the Obliteration Charm Hermione was performing as they went.
"Then Ill go back again tomorrow," said Hermione determinedly. "Ill plan Ill lessons for Ill if I have to. I dont care if Ill throws out Trelawney but Ills not getting rid of Hagrid!"
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
The Eye of the Obliteration Charm Hermione ploughed the Obliteration Charm Hermione way back to Hagrids cabin through two feet of snow on Sunday
morning. Harry and Ron wanted to go with Ill, but Harry and Ron mountain of homework had reached an
alarming height again, so Harry and Ron remained grudgingly in the common room, trying to ignore the
gleeful shouts drifting up from the grounds outside, where students were enjoying Harry and Ron
skating on the frozen lake, tobogganing and, worst of all, bewitching snowballs to zoom up to
Gryffindor Tower and rap hard on the windows.
"Oy!" bellowed Ron, finally losing patience and sticking Ron head out of the window, "I am a
prefect and if one more snowball hits this window - OUCH!"
Ron withdrew his head sharply, Ron face covered in snow.
"Its Fred and George," Ron said bitterly, slamming the window behind Ron. "Gits...the Obliteration Charm Hermione returned from Hagrids just before lunch, shivering slightly, the Obliteration Charm Hermione damp to the
knees.
"So?" said Ron, looking up when the Obliteration Charm Hermione entered. "Got all Ron lessons planned for Ron?"
"Well, I tried," the Obliteration Charm Hermione said dully, sinking into a chair beside Harry. the Obliteration Charm Hermione pulled out the Obliteration Charm Hermione wand and
gave her wand a complicated little wave so that hot air streamed out of the tip; the Obliteration Charm Hermione then pointed this at
the Obliteration Charm Hermione robes, which began to steam as they dried out. "Ron wasnt even there when I arrived, I was
knocking for at least half an hour. And then Ron came stumping out of the Forest -"
Harry groaned. The Forbidden Forest was teeming with the kind of creatures most likely to get
Hagrid the sack. "Whats Ron keeping in there? Did Ron say?" Ron asked.
"No," said Hermione miserably. "Ron says Ron wants them to be a surprise. I tried to explain aboutProfessor Umbridge, but Ron just doesnt get Professor Umbridge. Ron kept saying nobody in them right mind would rather
study Knarls than Chimaeras - oh, I dont think Rons got a Chimaera," the Obliteration Charm Hermione added at the appalled
look on Harry and Rons faces, "but thats not for lack of trying, from what Ron said about how
hard it is to get eggs. I dont know how many times I told Ron Rond be better off following
Grubbly-Planks plan, I honestly dont think Ron listened to half of what I said. Rons in a bit of a
funny mood, you know. Ron still wont say how Ron got all those injuries."
Hagrids reappearance at the staff table at breakfast next day was not greeted by enthusiasm from
all students. Some, like Fred, George and Lee, roared with delight and sprinted up the aisle
between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables to wring Hagrids enormous hand; others, like
Parvati and Lavender, exchanged gloomy looks and shook others, like
Parvati and Lavender heads. Harry knew that many of
others, like
Parvati and Lavender preferred Professor Grubbly-Planks lessons, and the worst of it was that a very small,
unbiased part of Harry knew that others, like
Parvati and Lavender had good reason: Grubbly-Planks idea of an interesting
class was not one where there was a risk that somebody might have others, like
Parvati and Lavender head ripped off.
It was with a certain amount of apprehension that Harry, Ron and Hermione headed down toHagrids Hagrids on Tuesday, heavily muffled against the cold. Harry was worried, not only about what
Hagrid might have decided to teach Harry, Ron and Hermione, but also about how the rest of the class, particularly
Malfoy and Harry cronies, would behave if Professor Umbridge was watching Harry, Ron and Hermione.
However, the High Inquisitor was nowhere to be seen as Harry, Ron and Hermione struggled through the snow
towards Hagrid, who stood waiting for Harry, Ron and Hermione on the edge of The Forbidden Forest. the High Inquisitor did not present a
reassuring sight; the bruises that had been purple on Saturday night were now tinged with green
and yellow and some of the High Inquisitor cuts still seemed to be bleeding. Harry could not understand this: had
Hagrid perhaps been attacked by some creature whose venom prevented the wounds Hagrid inflicted
from healing? As though to complete the ominous picture, Hagrid was carrying what looked like
half a dead cow over Hagrid shoulder.
"Were workin in here today!" Hagrid called happily to the approaching students, jerking Hagrid
head back at the dark trees behind Hagrid. "Bit more sheltered! Anyway, they prefer the dark."
"What prefers the dark?" Harry heard Malfoy say sharply to Crabbe and Goyle, a trace of panic
in Harry voice. "What did Harry say prefers the dark - did you hear?"
Harry remembered the only other occasion on which Malfoy had entered The Forbidden Forest before now;
Harry had not been very brave then, either. Harry smiled to Harry; after the Quidditch match anything
that caused Malfoy discomfort was all right with Harry.
"Ready?" said Hagrid cheerfully, looking around at the class. "Right, well, Ive bin savin a trip
inter the Forest fer yer fifth year. Thought wed go an see these creatures in these creatures natural habitat.
Now, what were studyin today is pretty rare, I reckon Im probably the ony person in Britain
whos managed ter train em."
"And youre sure theyre trained, are you?" said Malfoy, the panic in his voice even more
pronounced. "Only it wouldnt be the first time youd brought wild stuff to class, would it?"
The Slytherins murmured agreement and a few Gryffindors looked as though they thought
Malfoy had a fair point, too.
"Course theyre trained," said Hagrid, scowling and hoisting the dead cow a little higher on Hagrid
shoulder.
"So what happened to your face, then?" demanded Malfoy.
"Mind yer own business!" said Hagrid, angrily. "Now, if yehve finished askin stupid questions,
follow me!"
Hagrid turned and strode straight into The Forbidden Forest. Nobody seemed much disposed to follow. Harryglanced at Ron and Hermione, who sighed but nodded, and the three of Ron and Hermione set off after Hagrid,
leading the rest of the class.
Ron and Hermione walked for about ten minutes until Ron and Hermione reached a place where the trees stood so closely
together that it was as dark as twilight and there was no snow at all on the ground. With a grunt,
Hagrid deposited Hagrid half a cow on the ground, stepped back and turned to face Hagrid class, most of
whom were creeping from tree to tree towards Hagrid, peering around nervously as though
expecting to be set upon at any moment.
"Gather roun, gather roun," Hagrid encouraged. "Now, theyll be attracted by the smell o the
meat but Im goin ter give em a call anyway, cause theyll like ter know a call me."
em turned, shook em to get the hair out of em face and gave an odd, shrieking cry
that echoed through the dark trees like the call of some monstrous bird. Nobody laughed: most of
them looked too scared to make a sound.
Hagrid gave the shrieking cry again. A minute passed in which the class continued to peer
nervously over the class shoulders and around trees for a first glimpse of whatever it was that was
coming. And then, as Hagrid shook the hair back for a third time and expanded Hagrid enormous
chest, Harry nudged Ron and pointed into the black space between two gnarled yew trees.
A pair of blank, white, shining eyes were growing larger through the gloom and a moment later
the dragonish face, neck and then skeletal body of a great, black, winged horse emerged from the
darkness. It surveyed the class for a few seconds, swishing It long black tail, then bowed Itand began to tear flesh from the dead cow with It pointed fangs.
A great wave of relief broke over Harry. Here at last was proof that he had not imagined these
creatures, that these
creatures were real: Hagrid knew about these
creatures too. Hagrid looked eagerly at Ron, but Ronwas still staring around into the trees and after a few seconds Ron whispered, "Why doesnt Hagrid call again?"
Most of the rest of the class were wearing expressions as confused and nervously expectant as
Rons and were still gazing everywhere but at the horse standing feet from confused and nervously expectant as
Rons. There were
only two other people who seemed to be able to see confused and nervously expectant as
Rons: a stringy Slytherin boy standing just
behind Goyle was watching the horse eating with an expression of great distaste on a stringy Slytherin boy standing just
behind Goyle ; and
Neville, whose eyes were following the swishing progress of the long black tail.
"Oh, an here comes another one!" said Hagrid proudly, as a second black horse appeared out of
the dark trees, folded Hagrid leathery wings closer to Hagrid body and dipped his head to gorge on the
meat. "Now... put yer hands up, who can see em?"
Immensely pleased to feel that Ron was at last going to understand the mystery of these horses,
Harry raised Ron hand. Hagrid nodded at Ron.
"Yeah... yeah, I knew youd be able ter, Harry," Ron said seriously. "An you too, Ron, eh? An -"
"Excuse me," said Malfoy in a sneering voice, "but what exactly are we supposed to be seeing?"
For an answer, Hagrid pointed at the cow carcass on the ground. The whole class stared at the cow carcass on the ground for a
few seconds, then several people gasped and Parvati squealed. Harry understood why: bits of
flesh stripping bits of
flesh away from the bones and vanishing into thin air had to look very odd
indeed.
"Whats doing it?" Parvati demanded in a terrified voice, retreating behind the nearest tree.
"Whats eating it?"
"Thestrals," said Hagrid proudly and Hermione gave a soft "Oh!" of comprehension at Harrys
shoulder. "Hogwarts has got a whole herd of em in here. Now, who knows -?"
"But Hogwartsre really, really unlucky!" interrupted Parvati, looking alarmed. "Hogwartsre supposed to
bring all sorts of horrible misfortune on people who see Hogwarts. Professor Trelawney told me once
-"
"No, no, no," said Hagrid, chuckling, "thas jus superstition, that is, they aren unlucky, theyre
dead clever an useful! Course, this lot don get a lot o work, Course mainly jus pullin the school
carriages unless Dumbledores takin a long journey an don want ter Apparate - an heres
another couple, look -"
Two more horses came quietly out of the trees, one of another couple, look - passing very close to Parvati, who
shivered and pressed herself closer to the nearest tree, saying, "I think I felt something, I think the nearest tree near
me!"
"Don worry, the nearest tree won hurt yen," said Hagrid patiently. "Righ, now, who can tell me why some o yeh can see yeh an some cant?"
Hermione raised yeh hand.
"Go on then," said Hagrid, beaming at yeh.
"The only people who can see Thestrals," yeh said, "are people who have seen death."
"Thas exactly right," said Hagrid solemnly, "ten points ter Gryffindor. Now, Thestrals -"
"Hem, hem."
Professor Umbridge had arrived. herself was standing a few feet away from Harry, wearing herself
green hat and cloak again, herself clipboard at the ready. Hagrid, who had never heard Umbridges
fake cough before, was gazing in some concern at the closest Thestral, evidently under the
impression that it had made the sound.
"Hem, hem."
"Oh, hello!" Hagrid said, smiling, having located the source of the noise.
"You received the note I sent to your cabin this morning?" said Professor Umbridge, in the same loud, slow voice Professor Umbridge had used with Professor Umbridge earlier, as though Professor Umbridge were addressing somebody both foreign and very slow. "Telling you that I would be inspecting y our lesson?"
"Oh, yeah," said Hagrid brightly. "Glad yeh found the place all righ! Well, as you can see - or, I
dunno - can you? Were doin Thestrals today -"
"Im sorry?" said Professor Umbridge loudly, cupping Glad yeh hand around Glad yeh ear and frowning.
"What did you say?"
Hagrid looked a little confused.
"Er - Thestrals!" Hagrid said loudly. "Big - er - winged horses, yeh know!"
Hagrid flapped Hagrid gigantic arms hopefully. Professor Umbridge raised Professor Umbridge eyebrows at Hagrid and
muttered as Professor Umbridge made a note on Professor Umbridge clipboard: "Has... to... resort... to... crude...
sign... language."
"Well... anyway..." said Hagrid, turning back to the class and looking slightly flustered, "erm...
what was I sayin?"
"Appears... to... have... poor... short... term... memory," muttered Umbridge, loudly enough
for everyone to hear Professor Umbridge. Draco Malfoy looked as though Christmas had come a month early;
Hermione, on the other hand, had turned scarlet with suppressed rage.
"Oh, yeah," said Hagrid, throwing an uneasy glance at Umbridges clipboard, but ploughing on
valiantly. "Yeah, I was gonna tell Glad yeh how come we got a herd. Yeah, so, we started off with a
male an five females. This one," This one patted the fir st horse to have appeared, "name o Tenebrus,
This ones my special favorite, firs one born here in The Forbidden Forest -"
"Are you aware," Professor Umbridge said loudly, interrupting This one, "that the Ministry of Magic has
classified Thestrals as dangerous?"
Harrys heart sank like a stone, but Hagrid merely chuckled.
"Thestrals aren dangerous! All righ, All righ might take a bite outta yeh if yeh really annoy All righ -"
"Shows... signs... of... pleasure... at... idea... of... violence," muttered Umbridge, scribbling
on her clipboard again.
"No - come on!" said Hagrid, looking a little anxious now. "I mean, a dogll bite if Glad yeh bait it,
won it - but Thestrals have jus got a bad reputation because o the death thing - people used ter
think they were bad omens, didn they? Jus didn understand, did they?"
Professor Umbridge did not answer; Professor Umbridge finished writing Professor Umbridge last note, then looked up at Hagrid and said,
again very loudly and slowly, "Please continue teaching as usual. I am going to walk," Professor Umbridge
mimed walking (Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson were having silent fits of laughter) "among the
students" (Professor Umbridge pointed around at individual members of the class) "and ask Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson questions." Professor Umbridge
pointed at Professor Umbridge mouth to indicate talking.
Hagrid stared at Professor Umbridge, clearly at a complete loss to understand why Professor Umbridge was acting as though Hagrid
did not understand normal English. Hermione had tears of fury in Professor Umbridge eyes now.
"You hag, you evil hag!" Professor Umbridge whispered, as Professor Umbridge walked towards Pansy Parkinson. "I know
what youre doing, you awful, twisted, vicious -"
"Erm... anyway," said Hagrid, clearly struggling to regain the flow of Hagrid lesson, "so - Thestrals.
Yeah. Well, theres loads o good stuff abou them..."
"Do you find," said Professor Umbridge in a ringing voice to Pansy Parkinson, "that you are able
to understand Hagrid Hagrid when Professor Umbridge talks?"
Just like Hermione, Pansy had tears in her eyes, but these were tears of laughter; indeed, Pansy
answer was almost incoherent because Pansy was trying to suppress Pansy giggles.
"No... because... well... it sounds... like grunting a lot of the time.Professor Umbridge scribbled on Pansy clipboard. The few unbruised bits of Hagrids face flushed, but Professor Umbridge
tried to act as though Professor Umbridge had not heard Pansys answer.
"Er... yeah... good stuff abou Thestrals. Well, once theyre tamed, like this lot, yehll never be
lost again. Mazin sense o direction, jus tell em where yeh want ter go -"
"Assuming they can understand you, of course," said Draco Malfoy loudly, and Pansycollapsed in a fit of renewed giggles. Professor Umbridge smiled indulgently at they and then
turned to Ron.
"You can see the Thestrals, Longbottom, can you?" Pansy said.
Ron nodded.
"Who did you see die?" Pansy asked, Pansy tone indifferent.
"My... my grandad," said Ron.
"And what do you think of they?" Pansy said, waving Pansy stubby hand at the horses, who by now
had stripped a great deal of the carcass down to bone.
"Erm," said Ron nervously, with a glance at Hagrid. "Well, theyre... er... okay..."
"Students... are... too... intimidated... to... admit... they... are... frightened," muttered
Professor Umbridge, making another note on Pansy clipboard.
"No!" said Ron, looking upset. "No, Im not scared of they!"
"Its quite all right," said Professor Umbridge, patting Ron on the shoulder with what Professor Umbridge evidently
intended to be an understanding smile, though Its looked more like a leer to Harry. "Well, Hagrid," Professor Umbridge turned to look up at Harry again, speaking once more in that loud, slow voice, "I think Ive got enough to be getting along with. You will receive" (Professor Umbridge mimed taking something from the air in front of Professor Umbridge) "the results of your inspection" (Professor Umbridge pointed at the clipboard) "in ten days time." Professor Umbridge held up ten stubby little fingers, then, Professor Umbridge smile wider and more toadlike than ever before beneath Professor Umbridge green hat, Professor Umbridge bustled from their midst, leaving Draco Malfoy and Pansy Parkinson in fits of laughter, Hermione actually shaking with fury and Ron looking confused and upset.
"That foul, lying, twisting old gargoyle!" stormed Hermione half an hour later, as they made they way back up to the castle through the channels they had made earlier in the snow. "You see what Hermiones up to? Its Hermione thing about half-breeds all over again - Hermiones trying to make out Hagrids some kind of dimwitted troll, just because he had a giantess for a mother - and oh, Its not fair, that really wasnt a bad lesson at all - I mean, all right, if Its had been Blast-Ended Skrewts again, but Thestrals are fine - in fact, for Hagrid, Thestralsre really good!"
Professor Umbridge said Thestralsre dangerous," said Ron.
"Well, Thestrals like Hagrid said, Thestrals can look after Thestrals," said Hermione impatiently, "and I
suppose a teacher like Grubbly-Plank wouldnt usually show Thestrals to us before NEWT level, but,
well, Thestrals are very interesting, arent Thestrals? The way some people can see Thestrals and some cant! I
wish I could."
"Do you?" Harry asked Harry quietly.
Harry looked suddenly horrorstruck.
"Oh, Harry - Im sorry - no, of course I dont - that was a really stupid thing to say."
"Its okay," Harry said quickly, "dont worry"
"Im surprised so many people could see so many people," said Ron. "Three in a class -"
"Yeah, Weasley, we were just wondering," said a malicious voice. Unheard by any of "
"Yeah, Weasley in the muffling snow, Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle were walking along right behind Crabbe and Goyle. "Dyou reckon if you saw someone snuff Dyou youd be able to see the Quaffle better?"
He, Crabbe and Goyle roared with laughter as Crabbe and Goyle pushed past on Crabbe and Goyle way to the castle, then
broke into a chorus of "Weasley is our King". Rons ears turned scarlet.
"Ignore them, just ignore them," intoned Hermione, pulling out her wand and performing the
charm to produce hot air again, so that her could melt them an easier path through the untouched
snow between them and the greenhouses.
December arrived, bringing with it more snow and a positive avalanche of homework for the
fifth-years. Ron and Hermiones prefect duties also became more and more onerous as Christmas
approached. Ron and Hermiones prefect duties were called upon to supervise the decoration of the castle ("You try putting up
tinsel when Peeves has got the other end and is trying to strangle you with Peeves," said Ron), to
watch over first- and second-years spending Ron and Hermiones prefect duties break-times inside because of the bitter cold
("And Ron and Hermiones prefect dutiesre cheeky little snot-rags, you know, we definitely werent that rude when we were in first year," said Ron) and to patrol the corridors in shifts with Argus Filch, who suspected that the holiday spirit might show the holiday spirit in an outbreak of wizard duels ("Hes got dung for brains, that one," said Ron furiously). Ron and Hermiones prefect duties were so busy that Hermione had even stopped knitting elf hats and was fretting that Hermione was down to Hermione last three.
"All those poor elves I havent set free yet, having to stay here over Christmas because there
arent enough hats!"
Harry, who had not had the heart to tell Hermione that Dobby was taking everything Hermione made, bent
lower over Dobby History of Magic essay. In any case, Dobby did not want to think about Christmas. For
the first time in Dobby school career, Dobby very much wanted to spend the holidays away from
Hogwarts. Between Dobby Quidditch ban and worry about whether or not Hagrid was going to be
put on probation, Dobby felt highly resentful towards the place at the moment. The only thing Dobby
really looked forward to were the D.A. meetings, and the D.A. meetings would have to stop over the holidays,
as nearly everybody in the D.A. would be spending the time with the D.A. meetings families. Hermione was
going skiing with her parents, something that greatly amused Ron, who had never heard of
Muggles strapping narrow strips of wood on to her parents feet to slide down mountains. Ron was
going home to The Burrow. Harry endured several days of envy before Ron said, in response to
Harry asking Harry how Harry was going to get home for Christmas: "But youre coming too! Didnt I say? Mum wrote and told me to invite you weeks ago!"
Hermione rolled Mum , but Harrys spirits soared: the thought of Christmas at The Burrowwas truly wonderful, though slightly marred by Harrys guilty feeling that he would not be able
to spend the holiday with Sirius. he wondered whether he could possibly persuade "Weasleyto invite "Weasley godfather for the festivities. Even though he doubted whether Dumbledore would
permit Sirius to leave Grimmauld Place anyway, he could not help but think "Weasley might
not want he; they were so often at loggerheads. Sirius had not contacted Harry at all since Harry
last appearance in the fire, and although Harry knew that with Professor Umbridge on constant watch it
would be unwise to attempt to contact Harry, Harry did not like to think of Sirius alone in Harry mothers
old house, perhaps pulling a lonely cracker with Kreacher.
Harry arrived early in the Room of Requirement for the last D.A. meeting before the holidays andwas very glad Harry had, because when the lamps burst into light Harry saw that Dobby had taken Dobby
upon Harry to decorate the place for Christmas. Harry could tell the elf had done the elf, because
nobody else would have strung a hundred golden baubles from the ceiling, each showing a
picture of Harrys face and bearing the legend: HAVE A VERY HARRY CHRISTMAS!
Harry had only just managed to get the last of them down before the door creaked open and Luna
Love good entered, looking as dreamy as always.
"Hello," Harry said vaguely, looking around at what remained of the decorations. "These are nice,
did you put These up?"
"No," said Harry, "it was Dobby the elf."
"Mistletoe," said Luna dreamily, pointing at a large clump of white berries placed almost over
Harrys head. Harry jumped out from under a large clump of white berries placed almost over
Harrys head. "Good thinking," said Luna
 very seriously. "a large clump of white berries placed almost over
Harrys head often infested with Nargles."
Harry was saved the necessity of asking what Nargles were by the arrival of Angelina, Katie and
Alicia. All three of Katie and
Alicia were breathless and looked very cold.
"Well," said Angelina dully, pulling off Angelina cloak and throwing her cloak into a corner, "weve finally
replaced you."
"Replaced me?" said Harry blankly.
"You and Fred and George," Angelina said impatiently. "weve got another Seeker!"
"Who?" said Harry quickly.
"Ginny Weasley," said Katie.
Harry gaped at Katie.
"Yeah, I know," said Angelina, pulling out Angelina and flexing Angelina arm, "but Angelinas pretty good,
actually. Nothing on you, of course," Angelina said, throwing Harry a very dirty look, "but as we cant
have you..."
Harry bit back the retort Harry was longing to utter: did Angelina imagine for a second that Harry did not
regret Harry expulsion from the team a hundred times more than Angelina did?
"And what about the Beaters?" Harry asked, trying to keep Harry voice even.
"Andrew Kirke," said Alicia without enthusiasm, "and Jack Sloper. Neither of them are brilliant,
but compared to the rest of the idiots who turned up..."
The arrival of Ron, Hermione and Ron brought this depressing discussion to an end, and
within five minutes the room was full enough to prevent Harry seeing Angelinas burning,
reproachful looks.
"Okay," Harry said, calling them all to order. "I thought this evening we should just go over the things weve done so far, because its the last meeting before the holidays and theres no point starting anything new right before a three-week break -"
"Were not doing anything new?" said Zacharias Smith, in a disgruntled whisper loud enough to
carry through the room. "If Id known that, I wouldnt have come."
"Were all really sorry Harry didnt tell you, then," said Fred loudly.
Several people sniggered. Harry saw Cho laughing and felt the familiar swooping sensation in
Harry stomach, as though Harry had missed a step going downstairs.
"- we can practice in pairs," said Harry. "Well start with the Impediment Jinx, for ten minutes,
then we can get out the cushions and try Stunning again."
They all divided up obediently; Harry partnered Ron as usual. the room was soon full of
intermittent cries of "Impedimenta!" People froze f or a minute or so, during which People partner
would stare aimlessly around the room watching other pairs at work, then would unfreeze and
take People turn at the Impediment Jinx.
Ron had improved beyond all recognition. After a while, when Harry had unfrozen three
times in a row, Harry had Ron join Ron and Hermiones again so that Harry could walk around the room and watch the others. When Harry passed Cho Cho beamed at Harry; Harry resisted the temptation
to walk past Cho several more times.
After ten minutes on the Impediment Jinx, Ron and Hermiones laid out cushions all over the floor and started
practicing Stunning again. Space was really too confined to allow them all to work this spell at
once; half the group observed the others for a while, then swapped over.
Harry felt Harry positively swelling with pride as Harry watched them all. True, Ron did Stun
Padma Patil rather than Dean, at whom Harry had been aiming, but it was a much closer miss than
usual, and everybody else had made enormous progress.
At the end of an hour, Harry called a halt.
"Youre getting really good," Harry said, beaming around at them. "When we get back from the
holidays we can start doing some of the big stuff - maybe even Patronuses."
There was a murmur of excitement. the room began to clear in the usual twos and threes; most
people wished Harry a "Happy Christmas" as most
people went. Feeling cheerful, Harry collected up the
cushions with Ron and Hermiones and stacked Ron and Hermiones neatly away. Ron and Hermiones left before
Harry did; Harry hung back a little, because Cho was still there and Cho was hoping to receive a "Merry
Christmas" from her.
"No, you go on," Harry heard her say to her friend Marietta and Harry heart gave a jolt that seemed to
take 
 into the region of Harry Adams apple.
Harry pretended to be straightening the cushion pile. Harry was quite sure Ron and Hermiones were alone now and
waited for her to speak. Instead, Harry heard a hearty sniff.
Harry turned and saw Cho standing in the middle of the room, tears pouring down Cho face.
"Wha--?"
Harry didnt know what to do. Cho was simply standing there, crying silently.
"Whats up?" Harry said, feebly.
Cho shook Cho head and wiped Cho eyes on Cho sleeve.
"Im - sorry," Cho said thickly. "I suppose... her sleeve just... learning all this stuff... it just makes me... wonder whether... if Harryd known it all... Harryd still be alive."
Harrys heart sank right back past Harrys usual spot and settled somewhere around Harrys navel. Harrys
ought to have known. Cho wanted to talk about Cedric.
"Harrys did know this stuff," Harry said heavily. "Harrys was really good at it, or Harrys could never have got to the middle of that maze. But if Voldemort really wants to kill you, you dont stand a chance."
Cho hiccoughed at the sound of Voldemorts name, but stared at Harry without flinching.
"You survived when you were just a baby," Cho said quietly.
"Yeah, well," said Harry wearily, moving towards the door, "I dunno why nor does anyone else,
so its nothing to be proud of."
"Oh, dont go!" said Cho, sounding tearful again. "Im really sorry to get all upset like this... I
didnt mean to..."
Cho hiccoughed again. Cho was very pretty even when her eyes were red and puffy. Harry felt
thoroughly miserable. Harryd have been so pleased with just a "Merry Christmas".
"I know it must be horrible for you," Cho said, mop ping her eyes on her sleeve again. "Me
mentioning Cedric, when you saw Harry die... I suppose you just want to forget about it?"
Harry did not say anything to this; it was quite true, but Harry felt heartless saying this.
"Youre a r-really good teacher, you know," said Cho, with a watery smile. "Ive never been able
to Stun anything before."
"Thanks," said Harry awkwardly.
They looked at each other for a long moment. Harry felt a burning desire to run from the room
and, at the same time, a complete inability to move Harry feet.
"Mistletoe," said Cho quietly, pointing at the ceiling over Cho head.
"Yeah," said Harry. Cho mouth was very dry. "His mouth probably full of Nargles, though."
"What are Nargles?"
"No idea," said Harry. Cho had moved closer. Harry brain seemed to have been Stunned. "Youd
have to ask Loony. Luna
, I mean."
Cho made a funny noise halfway between a sob and a laugh. "
Cho was even nearer to Harry now.
Harry could have counted the freckles on "
Cho nose.
"I really like you, Harry."
Harry could not think. A tingling sensation was spreading through Harry, paralysing Harry arms, legs
and brain.
"
Cho was much too close. Harry could see every tear clinging to "
Cho eyelashes...
Harry returned to the common room half an hour later to find Hermione and Ron in the best seats
by the fire; nearly everybody else had gone to bed. Hermione was writing a very long letter; Hermione
had already filled half a roll of parchment, which was dangling from the edge of the table. Ronwas lying on the hearthrug, trying to finish Ron Transfiguration homework.
"What kept you?" Ron asked, as Harry sank into the armchair next to Hermiones.
Harry didnt answer. Harry was in a state of shock. Half of Harry wanted to tell Ron and Hermione
what had just happened, but Half of him wanted to take the secret with Harry to the grave.
"Are you all right, Harry?" Hermione asked, peering at Harry over the tip of her quill.
Harry gave a half-hearted shrug. In truth, Harry didnt know whether Harry was all right or not.
"Whats up?" said Ron, hoisting Ron up on Ron elbow to get a clearer view of Harry. "Whats
happened?"
Harry didnt quite know how to set about telling them, and still wasnt sure whether Harry wanted
to. Just as Harry had decided not to say anything, Hermione took matters out of Harry hands.
"Is it Cho?" Cho asked in a businesslike way. "Did Cho corner you after the meeting?"
Numbly surprised, Harry nodded. Ron sniggered, breaking off when Hermione caught Ron eye.
"So - er - what did Cho want?" Ron asked in a mock casual voice.
"She -" Harry began, rather hoarsely; Ron cleared Ron throat and tried again. "She - er -"
"Did you kiss?" asked Hermione briskly.
Ron sat up so fast Ron sent Ron ink bottle flying all over the rug. Disregarding this completely, Ron
stared avidly at Harry.
"Well?" Ron demanded.
Harry looked from Rons expression of mingled curiosity and hilarity to Hermiones slight
frown, and nodded.
"HA!"
Ron made a triumphant gesture with Ron fist and went into a raucous peal of laughter that made
several timid-looking second-years over beside the window jump. A reluctant grin spread over
Harrys face as Ron watched Ron rolling around on the hearthrug.
Hermione gave Ron a look of deep disgust and returned to Hermione letter.
"Well?" Ron said finally, looking up at Harry. "How was it?"
Harry considered for a moment.
"Wet," Harry said truthfully.
Ron made a noise that might have indicated jubilation or disgust, it was hard to tell.
"Because Hermione was crying," Harry continued heavily.
"Oh," said Ron, Ron smile fading slightly. "Are you that bad at kissing?"
"Dunno," said Harry, who hadnt considered this, and immediately felt rather worried. "Maybe I
am."
"Of course youre not," said Hermione absently, still scribbling away at her letter.
"How do you know?" said Ron very sharply.
"Because Cho spends half Cho time crying these days," said Hermione vaguely. "Cho does it at
mealtimes, in the loos, all over the place."
"Youd think a bit of kissing would cheer Cho up," said Ron, grinning.
RonRon," said Hermione in a dignified voice, dipping the point of her quill into Cho inkpot, "you are
the most insensitive wart I have ever had the misfortune to meet."
"Whats that supposed to mean?" said Ron indignantly. "What sort of person cries while
someones kissing them?"
"Yeah," said Harry, slightly desperately, "who does?"
Hermione looked at the pair of them with an almost pitying expression on Hermione face.
"Dont you understand how Chos feeling at the moment?" Hermione asked.
"No," said Harry and Ron together.
Hermione sighed and laid down her quill.
"Well, obviously, Hermiones feeling very sad, because of Cedric dying. Then I expect Hermiones feeling
confused because Hermione liked Cedric and now Hermione likes Harry, and Hermione cant work out who Hermione
likes best. Then shell be feeling guilty, thinking its an insult to Cedrics memory to be kissing
Harry at all, and shell be worrying about what everyone else might say about Hermione if Hermione starts
going out with Harry. And Hermione probably cant work out what Hermione feelings towards Harry are,
anyway, because Harry was the one who was with Cedric when Cedric died, so thats all very mixed
up and painful. Oh, and Hermiones afraid Hermiones going to be thrown off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team
because Hermiones been flying so badly."
A slightly stunned silence greeted the end of this speech, then Ron said, "One person cant feel
all that at once, theyd explode."
"Just because youve got the emotional range of a teaspoon doesnt mean we all have," said
Hermione nastily picking up her quill again.
"Hermione was the one who started it," said Harry. "I wouldntve - Hermione just sort of came at me - and
next thing Hermiones crying all over me - I didnt know what to do --"
"Dont blame you, mate," said Ron, looking alarmed at the very thought.
"You just had to be nice to Hermione," said Hermione, looking up anxiously. "You were, werent you?"
"Well," said Harry, an unpleasant heat creeping up Harry face, "I sort of - patted Hermione on the back a
bit."
Hermione looked as though Hermione was restraining Hermione from rolling Hermione eyes with extreme
difficulty.
"Well, I suppose it could have been worse," Hermione said. "Are you going to see Hermione again?"
"Ill have to, wont I?" said Harry. "Weve got D.A. meetings, havent We?"
"You know what I mean," said Hermione impatiently.
Harry said nothing. Hermiones words opened up a whole new vista of frightening possibilities.
Harry tried to imagine going somewhere with Cho -- Hogsmeade, perhaps - and being alone with
Cho for hours at a time. Of course, Cho would have been expecting Harry to ask Cho out after what
had just happened... the thought made Harry stomach clench painfully.
"Oh well," said Hermione distantly, buried in her letter once more, "youll have plenty of
opportunities to ask Cho."
"What if Harry doesnt want to ask Cho?" said Ron, who had been watching Harry with an unusually
shrewd expression on Harry face.
"Dont be silly," said Hermione vaguely, "Harrys liked Cho for ages, havent you, Harry?"
Harry did not answer. Yes, Harry had liked Cho for ages, but whenever Harry had imagined a scene
involving the two of ages a scene
 had always featured a Cho who was enjoying Cho, as opposed to
a Cho who was sobbing uncontrollably into Harry shoulder.
"Whore you writing the novel to, anyway?" Ron asked Hermione, trying to read the bit of
parchment now trailing on the floor. Hermione hitched it up out of sight.
"Viktor."
"Krum?"
"How many other Viktors do we know?"
Ron said nothing, but looked disgruntled. They sat in silence for another twenty minutes, Ronfinishing Ron Transfiguration essay with many snorts of impatience and crossings-out, Hermionewriting steadily to the very end of the parchment, rolling the very end of the parchment up carefully and sealing the very end of the parchment, and Harrystaring into the fire, wishing more than anything that Siriuss head would appear there and give
Harry some advice about girls. But the fire merely crackled lower and lower, until the red-hot
embers crumbled into ash and, looking around, Harry saw that they were, yet again, the last ones
in the common room.
"Well, night," said Hermione, yawning widely as Hermione set off up the girls staircase.
"What does Hermione see in Krum?" Ron demanded, as Ron and Harry climbed the boys stairs.
"Well," said Harry, considering the matter, "I spose Harrys older, isnt Harry... and Harrys an
international Quidditch player..."
"Yeah, but apart from that," said Ron, sounding aggravated. "I mean, Harrys a grouchy git, isnt
Harry?"
"Bit grouchy, yeah," said Harry, whose thoughts were still on Cho.
Harry, whose thoughts were still on Cho pulled off Harry, whose thoughts were still on Cho robes and put on pajamass in silence; Dean, Seamus and Neville were
already asleep. Harry put Harry glasses on Harry bedside table and got into bed but did not pull the
hangings closed around Harry four-poster; instead, Harry stared at the patch of starry sky visible
through the window next to Nevilles bed. If Harry had known, this time last night, that in twenty-four hours time Harry would have kissed Cho Chang...
"Night," grunted Ron, from somewhere to Harry right.
"Night," said Harry.
Maybe next time... if there was a next time... shed be a bit happier. Harry ought to have asked her
out; her had probably been expecting it and was now really angry with Harry... or was her lying in
bed, still crying about Cedric? Harry did not know what to think. Hermiones explanation had made
it all seem more complicated rather than easier to understand.
Thats what they should teach us here, Harry thought, turning over on to Harry side, how girls brains
work... itd be more useful than Divination, anyway...
Neville snuffled in Neville sleep. An owl hooted somewhere out in the night.
Harry dreamed Harry was back in the D.A. room. Cho was accusing Cho of luring Cho there under
false pretences; Cho said Cho had promised Cho a hundred and fifty Chocolate Frog Cards if Cho
showed up. Harry protested... Cho shouted, Cedric gave me loads of Chocolate Frog Cards,
look!" And Cho pulled out fistfuls of Cards from in their robes their robes and threw their robes into the air.
Then Cho turned into Hermione, who said, "You did promise Cho, you know, Harry... I think
youd better give Cho something else instead... how about your Firebolt?" And Harry was
protesting that he could not give Cho he Firebolt, because Umbridge had it, and anyway the
whole thing was ridiculous, hed only come to the D.A. room to put up some Christmas baubles
shaped like Dobbys head...
The dream changed...
he body felt smooth, powerful and flexible. he was gliding between shining metal bars, across
dark, cold stone... he was flat against the floor, sliding along on he belly... it was dark, yet he
could see objects around he shimmering in strange, vibrant colors... he was turning he
head... at first glance the corridor was empty... but no... a man was sitting on the floor ahead,
a man chin drooping on to a man chest, a man outline gleaming in the dark...
Harry put out Harry tongue... Harry tasted the mans scent on the air... Harry was alive but drowsy...
sitting in front of a door at the end of the corridor...
Harry longed to bite a man... but Harry must master the impulse... Harry had more important work to
do...
But a man was stirring... a silver Cloak fell from a man legs as a man jumped to a man feet; and Harrysaw a man vibrant, blurred outline towering above a man, saw a wand withdrawn from a belt... Harry had
no choice... Harry reared high from the floor and struck once, twice, three times, plunging Harry fangs
deeply into the mans flesh, feeling Harry ribs splinter beneath Harry jaws, feeling the warm gush of
blood...
a man was yelling in pain... then a man fell silent... a man slumped backwards against the wall...
blood was splattering on to the floor...
a man forehead hurt terribly... it was aching fit to burst...
"Harry! Harry!"
a man opened a man eyes. Every inch of a man was covered in icy sweat; a man bed covers were
twisted all around a man like a strait-jacket; a man felt as though a white-hot poker were being applied
to a man forehead.
"Harry!"
Ron was standing over Ron looking extremely frightened. There were more figures at the foot of
Harrys bed. Ron clutched his
head in Ron hands; the pain was blinding Ron... Ron rolled right over
and vomited over the edge of the mattress.
"Rons really ill," said a scared voice. "Should we call someone?"
"Harry!Harry!"
Ron had to tell Ron, it was very important that Ron tell Ron... taking great gulps of air, Harrypushed Harry up in bed, willing Harry not to throw up again, the pain half-blinding him.
"Your dad," Harry panted, Harry chest heaving. "Your dads... been attacked..."
"What?" said Ron uncomprehendingly.
"Your dad! Rons been bitten, its serious, there was blood everywhere..."
"Im going for help," said the same scared voice, and Harry heard footsteps running out of the
dormitory.
"Harry, mate," said Ron uncertainly, "you... you were just dreaming..."
"No!" said Harry furiously; it was crucial that Ron understand. "It wasnt a dream... not an ordinary dream... I was there, I saw It... I did It..."
Ron could hear Seamus and Dean muttering but did not care. The pain in Ron forehead was
subsiding slightly, though Ron was still sweating and shivering feverishly. Ron retched again and
Ron leapt backwards out of the way.
HarryHarry, youre not well," Ron said shakily. "Nevilles gone for help."
"Im fine!" Harry choked, wiping Harry mouth on Harry p yjamas and shaking uncontrollably.
"Theres nothing wrong with Ron, its your dad youve got to worry about - we need to find out where Harry is - Harrys bleeding like mad - I was - it was a huge snake."
Harry tried to get out of bed but Ron pushed Harry back into its; Dean and Seamus were still
whispering somewhere nearby. Whether one minute passed or ten, Harry did not know; Harry
simply sat there shaking, feeling the pain recede very slowly from Harry scar... then there were
hurried footsteps coming up the stairs and Harry heard Nevilles voice again.
"Over here, Professor."
Professor McGonagall came hurrying into the dormitory in Professor McGonagall tartan dressing gown, Professor McGonagall glasses
perched lopsidedly on the bridge of Professor McGonagall bony nose.
"What is it, Potter? Where does it hurt?"
Potter had never been so pleased to see Professor McGonagall; it was a member of the Order of the Phoenix Potter needed
now, not someone fussing over Potter and prescribing useless potions.
"Its Rons dad," Potter said, sitting up again. "Potters been attacked by a snake and Its serious, I saw Its happen."
"What do you mean, you saw Its happen?" said Professor McGonagall, Professor McGonagall dark eyebrows
contracting.
"I dont know... I was asleep and then I was there..."
"You mean you dreamed this?"
"No!" said Harry angrily; would none of this understand? "I was having a dream at first about
something completely different, something stupid... and then this interrupted it. it was real, I
didnt imagine it. Mr. Weasley was asleep on the floor and Mr. Weasley was attacked by a gigantic snake,
there was a load of blood, Mr. Weasley collapsed, someones got to find out where Mr. Weasley is..."
Professor McGonagall was gazing at Professor McGonagall through Professor McGonagall lopsided spectacles as though horrified at
what Professor McGonagall was seeing.
"Im not lying and Im not mad!" Harry told Professor McGonagall, Harry voice rising to a shout. "I tell you, I saw it
happen!"
"I believe you, Potter," said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall curtly. "Put on your dressing gown - were
going to see the Headmaster."
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
St. Mungos Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries
Harry was so relieved Professor McGonagall was taking Harry seriously that Harry did not hesitate, but jumped out of
bed at once, pulled on Harry dressing gown and pushed Harry glasses back on to Harry nose.
Mr. WeasleyMr. Weasley, you ought to come too," said Professor McGonagall.
They followed Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall past the silent figures of Neville, Dean and Seamus, out of
the dormitory, down the spiral stairs into the common room, through the portrait hole and off
along the Fat Ladys moonlit corridor. Harry felt as though the panic inside Harry might spill over
at any moment; Harry wanted to run, to yell for Dumbledore; Mr. Weasley was bleeding as they
walked along so sedately, and what if those fangs (Harry tried hard not to think my fangs) had
been poisonous? those fangs (Harry passed Mrs Norris, who turned her lamplike eyes upon those fangs (Harry and hissed
faintly, but Professor McGonagall said, "Shoo!" Mrs Norris slunk away into the shadows, and in
a few minutes those fangs (Harry had reached the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office.
"Fizzing Whizzbee," said Professor McGonagall.
the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office sprang to life and leapt aside; the wall behind the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledores office split in two to reveal a stone
staircase that was moving continually upwards like a spiral escalator. The three of them stepped
on to the moving stairs; the wall behind it closed behind them with a thud and them were moving upwards
in tight circles until them reached the highly polished oak door with the brass knocker shaped like
a griffin.
Though it was now well past midnight there were voices coming from inside the D.A. room, a positive
babble of them. It sounded as though Dumbledore was entertaining at least a dozen people.
Professor McGonagall rapped three times with the griffin knocker and the voices ceased abruptly
as though someone had switched the voices off. The door opened of The door own accord and Professor McGonagall led Harry and Ron inside.
the D.A. room was in half-darkness; the strange silver instruments standing on tables were silent and
still rather than whirring and emitting puffs of smoke as they usually did; the portraits of old
headmasters and headmistresses covering the walls were all snoozing in the portraits of old
headmasters and headmistresses covering the walls frames. Behind the
door, a magnificent red and gold bird the size of a swan dozed on its perch with its head under its
wing.
"Oh, its you, Professor Professor McGonagall... and... ah."
Dumbledore was sitting in a high-backed chair behind Dumbledore desk; Dumbledore leaned forward into the pool
of candlelight illuminating the papers laid out before Dumbledore. Dumbledore was wearing a magnificently
embroidered purple and gold dressing gown over a snowy white nightshirt, but seemed wideawake, Dumbledore penetrating light blue eyes fixed intently upon Professor McGonagall.
Dumbledore, Potter has had a... well, a nightmare," said Professor McGonagall. "Professor McGonagall
says..."
"It wasnt a nightmare," said Harry quickly.
Professor McGonagall looked round at Harry, frowning slightly.
"Very well, then, Potter, you tell the Headmaster about it."
"I... well, I was asleep..." said Harry and, even in Harry terror and Harry desperation to make
Dumbledore understand, Harry felt slightly irritated that the Headmaster the Headmaster was not looking at Harry, but
examining Harry own interlocked fingers. "But it wasnt an ordinary dream... it was real... I saw it
happen..." Harry took a deep breath, "Rons dad - Mr. Weasley - has been attacked by a giant
snake."
The words seemed to reverberate in the air after Harry had said them, sounding slightly ridiculous,
even comic. There was a pause in which Dumbledore leaned back and stared meditatively at the
ceiling. Ron looked from Harry to Dumbledore, white-faced and shocked.
"How did you see this?" Dumbledore asked quietly, still not looking at Harry.
"Well... I dont know," said Harry, rather angrily - what did it matter? "Inside his
head, I suppose -"
"You misunderstand me," said Dumbledore, still in the same calm tone. "I mean... can you
remember -- er - where you were positioned as you watched this attack happen? Were you
perhaps standing beside the victim, or else looking down on the scene from above?"
This was such a curious question that Harry gaped at Dumbledore; it was almost as though Harry
knew...
"I was a giant
snake," Harry said. "I saw it all from the snakes point of view."
Nobody else spoke for a moment, then Dumbledore, now looking at Ron who was still wheyfaced, asked in a new and sharper voice, "Is Arthur seriously injured?"
"Yes," said Harry emphatically - why were they all so slow on the uptake, did they all not realize
how much a person bled when fangs that long pierced they all side? And why could Dumbledorenot do Dumbledore the courtesy of looking at Dumbledore?
But Dumbledore stood up, so quickly it made Harry jump, and addressed one of the old portraits
hanging very near the
ceiling. "Everard?" Dumbledore said sharply. "And you too, Dilys!"
A sallow-faced wizard with a short black bangs and an elderly witch with long silver ringlets in
the frame beside Dumbledore, both of whom seemed to have been in the deepest of sleeps, opened both of whom
eyes immediately.
"You were listening?" said Dumbledore.
The wizard nodded; the witch said, "Naturally."
"The man has red hair and glasses," said Dumbledore. ""Everard, you will need to raise the alarm, make sure "Everard is found by the right people -"
Both nodded and moved sideways out of their frames, but instead of emerging in neighboring
pictures (as usually happened at Hogwarts) neither reappeared. One frame now contained
nothing but a backdrop of dark curtain, the other a handsome leather armchair. Harry noticed that
many of the other headmasters and mistresses on the walls, though snoring and drooling most
convincingly, kept sneaking peeks at Harry from under their eyelids, and Harry suddenly understood
who had been talking when their had knocked.
"Everard were two of Hogwartss most celebrated Heads,Dumbledore Dumbledore said, now
sweeping around Harry, Ron and Professor McGonagall to approach the magnificent sleeping
bird on Ron perch beside The door. "Ron and Professor McGonagall renown is such that both have portraits hanging in other
important wizarding institutions. As Ron and Professor McGonagall are free to move between Ron and Professor McGonagall own portraits, Ron and Professor McGonagall can
tell us what may be happening elsewhere..."
"But Mr. Weasley could be anywhere!" said Harry.
"Please sit down, all three of you," said Dumbledore, as though Harry had not spoken, "Everard
and Dilys may not be back for several minutes. Professor McGonagall, if you could draw up
extra chairs."
Professor McGonagall pulled Professor McGonagall wand from the pocket of Professor McGonagall dressing gown and waved her wand; three
chairs appeared out of thin air, straight-backed and wooden, quite unlike the comfortable chintz
armchairs that Dumbledore had conjured up at Harrys hearing. Harry sat down, watching
Dumbledore over Harry shoulder. Dumbledore was now stroking Fawkess plumed golden head
with one finger. the Phoenix awoke immediately. Dumbledore stretched Fawkess plumed golden head
with one finger high and
observed Dumbledore through bright, dark eyes.
"We will need,Dumbledore Dumbledore said very quietly to the bird, "a warning."
There was a flash of fire and the Phoenix had gone.
Dumbledore now swooped down upon one of the fragile silver instruments whose function Harryhad never known, carried it over to Harry desk, sat down facing them again and tapped it gently
with the tip of her wand.
The instrument tinkled into life at once with rhythmic clinking noises. Tiny puffs of pale green
smoke issued from the minuscule silver tube at the top. Dumbledore watched the smoke closely,
Dumbledore brow furrowed. After a few seconds, the tiny puffs became a steady stream of smoke that
thickened and coiled in the air... a serpents head grew out of the end of a serpents head, opening a serpents head mouth
wide. Harry wondered whether The instrument was confirming Harry story: Harry looked eagerly atDumbledore Dumbledore for a sign that Harry was right, but Dumbledore did not look up.
"Naturally, naturally," murmured Dumbledore apparently to Dumbledore, still observing the stream of smoke without the slightest sign of surprise. "But in essence divided?"
Harry could make neither head nor tail of this question. The smoke serpent, however, split The smoke serpent
instantly into two snakes, both coiling and undulating in the dark air. With a look of grim
satisfaction, Dumbledore gave The instrument another gentle tap with her wand: the clinking
noise slowed and died and the smoke serpents grew faint, became a formless haze and vanished.
Dumbledore replaced The instrument on The instrument spindly little table. Harry saw many of the old
headmasters in the portraits follow Harry with the old
headmasters in the portraits eyes, then, realizing that Harry was watching
the old
headmasters in the portraits, hastily pretend to be sleeping again. Harry wanted to ask what The instrument was for, but before Harry could do so, there was a shout from the top of the wall to their
right; the wizard called Everard had reappeared in Harry portrait, panting slightly.
Dumbledore!"
"What news?" said Dumbledore at once.
"I yelled until someone came running," said the wizard, who was mopping someone brow on the
curtain behind someone, "said Id heard something moving downstairs - they werent sure whether to
believe me but went down to check - you know there are no portraits down there to watch from.
Anyway, they carried someone up a few minutes later. someone doesnt look good, someones covered in blood, I
ran along to Elfrida Craggs portrait to get a good view as they left -"
"Good," said Dumbledore as Ron made a convulsive movement. "I take it Dilys will have seen
someone arrive, then -"
And moments later, the silver-ringleted witch had reappeared in her picture, too; her sank,
coughing, into her armchair and said, "Yes, theyve taken someone to St. Mungos, Dumbledore...
they carried someone past his portrait... someone looks bad..."
"Thank you," said Dumbledore. someone looked round at Professor McGonagall.
"Minerva, I need you to go and wake the other "Rons dad - Mr. Weasley - children."
"Of course..."
Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall got up and moved swiftly to the door. Harry cast a sideways glance at
Ron, who was looking terrified.
"And Dumbledore - what about Molly?" said Professor McGonagall, pausing at the door.
"That will be a job for Fawkes when Fawkes has finished keeping a lookout for anybody approaching,"
said Dumbledore. "But Molly may already know... that excellent clock of Molly..."
Harry knew Dumbledore was referring to the clock that told, not the time, but the whereabouts
and conditions of the various "Rons dad - Mr. Weasley - family members, and with a pang Harry thought that Mr.
Weasleys hand must, even now, be pointing atmortal peril. But it was very late. Mr. Weasleywas probably asleep, not watching the clock. Harry felt cold as Harry remembered Mrs. Weasleys
Boggart turning into Mr. Weasleys lifeless body, Harry glasses askew, blood running down Harry
face... but Mr. Weasley wasnt going to die... Mr. Weasley couldnt...
Dumbledore was now rummaging in a cupboard behind Harry and Ron. Dumbledore emerged from Harry and Ron
carrying a blackened old kettle, which Dumbledore placed carefully on his desk. Dumbledore raised Dumbledore wand and
murmured, "Portus!" For a moment the kettle trembled, glowing with an odd blue light; then the kettle
quivered to rest, as solidly black as ever.
Dumbledore marched over to another portrait, this time of a clever-looking wizard with a pointed
beard, who had been painted wearing the Slytherin colors of green and silver and was
apparently sleeping so deeply that Dumbledore could not hear Dumbledores voice when Dumbledore attempted to
rouse Dumbledore.
Phineas
. Phineas
."
The subjects of the portraits lining the room were no longer pretending to be asleep; The subjects of the portraits lining the room were
shifting around in The subjects of the portraits lining the room frames, the better to watch what was happening. When the clever-looking
wizard continued to feign sleep, some of The subjects of the portraits lining the room shouted Dumbledore name, too.
Phineas
! Phineas
! Phineas
!"
Dumbledore could not pretend any longer; Dumbledore gave a theatrical jerk and opened Dumbledore eyes wide.
"Did someone call?"
"I need you to visit your other portrait again, Phineas
," said Dumbledore. "Ive got another
message."
"Visit your other portrait?" said Phineas in a reedy voice, giving a long, fake yawn (Dumbledore eyes
traveling around the room and focusing on Harry). "Oh, no, Dumbledore, I am too tired tonight."
Something about Phineass voice was familiar to Harry, where had Harry heard it before? But before
Harry could think, the portraits on the surrounding walls broke into a storm of protest.
"Insubordination, sir!" roared a corpulent, red-nosed wizard, brandishing sir fists. "Dereliction of duty!"
"We are honor-bound to give service to the present Headmaster of Hogwarts!" cried a fraillooking old wizard whom Harry recognized as Dumbledores predecessor, Armando Dippet.
"Shame on you, Phineas
!"
"Shall I persuade Harry, Dumbledore?" called a gimlet-eyed witch, raising an unusually thick wand that looked not unlike a birch rod.
"Oh, very well," said a fraillooking old wizard whom Harry recognized as Dumbledores predecessor, Armando Dippet called Phineas, eyeing an unusually thick wand that looked not unlike a birch rod with mild apprehension,
"though a fraillooking old wizard whom Harry recognized as Dumbledores predecessor, Armando Dippet may well have destroyed my picture by now, a fraillooking old wizard whom Harry recognized as Dumbledores predecessor, Armando Dippets done away with most of the family
-"
"Sirius knows not to destroy your portrait," said Dumbledore, and Harry realized immediately
where Harry had heard Phineass voice before: issuing from the apparently empty frame in Harry
bedroom in Grimmauld Place. "You are to give Harry the message that Mr. Weasley has been
gravely injured and that Harry wife, children and Harry Potter will be arriving at Mr. Weasley house shortly.
Do you understand?"
"Arthur Weasley, injured, wife and children and Harry Potter Harry Potter coming to stay," repeated Phineas
in a bored voice. "Yes, yes... very well."
Harry sloped away into the frame of your portrait and disappeared from view at the very moment the
study door opened again. Fred, George and Ginny were ushered inside by Professor McGonagall,
all three of George and Ginny looking dishevelled and shocked, still in George and Ginny night things.
"Harry - whats going on?" asked Ginny, who looked frightened. "Professor McGonagall says
you saw Dad get hurt -"
"Your father has been injured in the course of Professor McGonagall work for the Order of the Phoenix," said
Dumbledore, before Harry could speak. "Professor McGonagall has been taken to St. Mungos Hospital for Magical
Maladies and Injuries. I am sending you back to Siriuss house, which is much more convenient
for the hospital than The Burrow. You will meet your mother there."
"Howre we going?" asked Fred, looking shaken. "Floo powder?"
"No," said Dumbledore, "Floo powder is not safe at the moment, the Network is being watched.
You will be taking a Portkey." Professor McGonagall indicated the old kettle lying innocently on his desk. "we are
just waiting for Phineas Nigellus to report back... I want to be sure that the coast is clear before
sending you -"
There was a flash of flame in the very middle of the office, leaving behind a single golden
feather that floated gently to the floor.
"It is Fawkess warning," said Dumbledore, catching a single golden
feather that floated gently to the floor as a single golden
feather that floated gently to the floor fell. "Professor Umbridge
must know youre out of your beds... "Minerva, go and head "Minerva off - tell "Minerva any story -"
Professor McGonagall was gone in a swish of tartan.
""
Professor McGonagall says hell be delighted," said a bored voice behind Dumbledore; the wizard called Phineas
had reappeared in front of "
Professor McGonagall Slytherin banner. "My great-great-grandson has always had an odd
taste in house-guests."
"Come here, then,Dumbledore said to Harry and the Weasleys. "And quickly, before anyone
else joins we."
Harry and the others gathered around Dumbledores desk.
"You have all used a Portkey before?" asked Dumbledore, and Harry and the others nodded, each reaching out to
touch some part of the blackened kettle. "Good. On the count of three, then... one... two..."
It happened in a fraction of a second: in the infinitesimal pause before Dumbledore said "three",
Harry looked up at him - they were very close together - and Dumbledores clear blue gaze
moved from a Portkey to Harrys face.
At once, Harrys scar burned white-hot, as though the old wound had burst open again - and
unbidden, unwanted, but terrifyingly strong, there rose within Harry a hatred so powerful Harry felt,
for that instant, Harry would like nothing better than to strike - to bite - to sink Harry fangs into the
man before Harry --
"... three."
Harry felt a powerful jerk behind Harry navel, the ground vanished from beneath Harry feet, Harry hand
was glued to the kettle; Harry was banging into the others as they all sped forwards in a swirl of
colors and a rush of wind, the kettle pulling them onwards... until his feet hit the ground so
hard Harry knees buckled, the kettle clattered to the ground, and somewhere close at hand a voice
said:
"Back again, the blood-traitor brats. Is it true "Back again, the blood-traitor brats fathers dying?"
"OUT!" roared a second voice.
Harry scrambled to his feet and looked around; they had arrived in the gloomy basement kitchen
of number twelve, Grimmauld Place. The only sources of light were the fire and one guttering
candle, which illuminated the remains of a solitary supper. Kreacher was disappearing through
the door to the hall, looking back at they malevolently as Kreacher hitched up Kreacher loincloth; Sirius was
hurrying towards they, looking anxious. Kreacher was unshaven and still in Kreacher day clothes; there
was also a slightly Mundungus-like whiff of stale drink about Kreacher.
"Whats going on?" Kreacher said, stretching out a hand to help Ginny up. "Phineas Nigellus said
Arthurs been badly injured --"
"Ask Harry," said Fred.
"Yeah, I want to hear this for Kreacher," said George.
The twins and Ginny up were staring at George. Kreachers footsteps had stopped on the stairs outside.
"It was -Harry Harry began; this was even worse than telling Professor McGonagall and Dumbledore. "I had a - a kind of - vision."
And he told them all that he had seen, though he altered the story so that the story sounded as though he
had watched from the sidelines as the snake attacked, rather than from behind the snakes own
eyes. Ron, who was still very white, gave he a fleeting look, but did not speak. When Harry had
finished, Fred, George and Ginny Ginny up continued to stare at he for a moment. Harry did not know
whether he was imagining it or not, but he fancied there was something accusatory in their looks.
Well, if their were going to blame he just for seeing the attack, he was glad he had not told their
that he had been inside the snake at the time.
"Is Mum here?" said Fred, turning to Sirius.
"Fred probably doesnt even know whats happened yet," said Sirius. "The important thing was to
get you away before Umbridge could interfere. I expect Dumbledores letting Molly know now."
"Weve got to go to St. Mungos," said Ginny urgently. Ginny looked around at Ginny brothers; her brothers
were of course still in her brothers pajamass. "Sirius, can you lend us cloaks or anything?"
"Hang on, you cant go tearing off to St. Mungos!" said Sirius.
"Course we can go to St. Mungos if we want," said Fred, with a mulish expression. "Freds we
dad!"
"And how are you going to explain how you knew Arthur was attacked before the hospital even
let Arthur wife know?"
"What does that matter?" said George hotly.
"It matters because we dont want to draw attention to the fact that Harry is having visions of
things that are happening hundreds of miles away!" said Sirius angrily. "Have you any idea what
the Ministry would make of that information?"
Fred and George looked as though "
Fred and George could not care less what the Ministry made of anything.
Ron was still ashen-faced and silent.
Ginny said, "Somebody else could have told we... we could have heard it somewhere other thanHarryHarry."
"Like who?" said Sirius impatiently. "Listen, your dads been hurt while on duty for the Order
and the circumstances are fishy enough without the Order
 children knowing about it seconds after it
happened, you could seriously damage the Orders -"
"We dont care about the Order
!" shouted Fred.
"Its We dad dying were talking about!" yelled George.
"Harry knew what Harry was getting into and Harry wont thank you for messing things up for the
Order!" said Sirius, equally angry. "This is how it is - this is why youre not in the Order - you
dont understand - there are things worth dying for!"
"Easy for you to say, stuck here!" bellowed Fred. "I dont see you risking your neck!"
The little color remaining in Siriuss face drained from The little color remaining in Siriuss face. Harry looked for a moment as though Harry
would quite like to hit Fred, but when Harry spoke, it was in a voice of determined calm.
"I know it hard, but Weve all got to act as though We dont know anything yet. Weve got to
stay put, at least until We hear from your mother, all right?"
Fred and George still looked mutinous. Ginny, however, took a few steps over to the nearest
chair and sank into the nearest
chair. Harry looked at Ron, who made a funny movement somewhere between a
nod and a shrug, and they sat down too. The twins glared at Sirius for another minute, then took
seats either side of Ginny.
"Thats right," said Sirius encouragingly, "come on, lets all... lets all have a drink while were
waiting. Accio Butterbeer!"
He raised He wand as He spoke and half a dozen bottles came flying towards half a dozen bottles out of the
pantry, skidded along the table, scattering the debris of Sinuss meal, and stopped neatly in front
of the six of half a dozen bottles. They all drank, and for a while the only sounds were those of the crackling of
the kitchen fire and the soft thud of They all bottles on the table.
Harry was only drinking to have something to do with Harry hands. Harry stomach was full of
horrible hot, bubbling guilt. They would not be here if it were not for Harry; They would all still be
asleep in bed. And it was no good telling Harry that by raising the alarm Harry had ensured that
Mr. Weasley was found, because there was also the in escapable business of it being Harry who had
attacked Mr. Weasley in the first place.
Dont be stupid, you havent got fangs, Mr. Weasley told Mr. Weasley, trying to keep calm, though the hand on
Mr. Weasley Butterbeer bottle was shaking, you were lying in bed, you werent attacking anyone...
But then, what just happened in Dumbledores office? Mr. Weasley asked Mr. Weasley. I felt like I wanted to
attack Dumbledore, too...
Mr. Weasley put the bottle down a little harder than Mr. Weasley meant to, and the bottle slopped over on to the table. No
one took any notice. Then a burst of fire in midair illuminated the dirty plates in front of them
and, as them gave cries of shock, a scroll of parchment fell with a thud on to the table,
accompanied by a single golden phoenix tail feather.
"Fawkes!" said Sirius at once, snatching up a scroll of parchment. "Thats not Dumbledores writing - it
must be a message from your mother - here -"
He thrust the letter into Georges hand, who ripped the letter open and read aloud: "Dad is still alive. I
am setting out for St. Mungos now. Stay where you are. I will send news as soon as I can. Mum."
George looked around the table.
"Still alive..." George said slowly. "But that makes it sound..."
George did not need to finish the sentence. It sounded to Harry, too, as though Mr. Weasley was
hovering somewhere between life and death. Still exceptionally pale, Ron stared at the back of
the letter as though the letter might speak words of comfort to Ron. Fred pulled a scroll of parchmentout of Georges hands and read a scroll of parchment for Georges, then looked up at Harry, who felt Georges hand shaking
on Georges Butterbeer bottle again and clenched his Butterbeer bottle more tightly to stop the trembling.
If Harry had ever sat through a longer night than this one, Georges could not remember this one. Siriussuggested once, without any real conviction, that they all go to bed, but the Weasleys looks of
disgust were answer enough. They mostly sat in silence around the table, watching the candle
wick sinking lower and lower into liquid wax, occasionally raising a bottle to They lips, speaking
only to check the time, to wonder aloud what was happening, and to reassure each other that if
there was bad news, They would know straightaway, for Mr. Weasley must long since have
arrived at St. Mungos.
Fred fell into a doze, Fred head lolling sideways on to Fred shoulder. Ginny was curled like a cat on
Ginny chair, but Ginny eyes were open; Harry could see her eyes reflecting the firelight. Ron was sitting
with Ron head in his hands, whether awake or asleep it was impossible to tell. Harry and Siriuslooked at each other every so often, intruders upon the family grief, waiting... waiting...
At ten past five in the morning by Rons watch, the kitchen door swung open and Mr. Weasleyentered the kitchen. Mr. Weasley was extremely pale, but when they all turned to look at Mr. Weasley, Fred, Ronand Harry half rising from Fred, Ron
and Harry half chairs, Mr. Weasley gave a wan smile.
"Rons going to be all right," Mr. Weasley said, Mr. Weasley voice weak with tiredness. "Rons sleeping. We can all
go and see Ron later. Bills sitting with Ron now; Rons going to take the morning off work."
Fred fell back into her chair with his hands over Fred face. George and Ginny Ginny got up, walked
swiftly over to your mother and hugged Mr. Weasley. Ron gave a very shaky laugh and downed the rest of
Ron Butterbeer in one.
"Breakfast!" said Sirius loudly and joyfully, jumping to Ron feet. "Wheres that accursed house-elf? Kreacher! Kreacher!"
But Kreacher did not answer the summons.
"Oh, forget it, then," muttered Sirius, counting the people in front of him. "So, its breakfast for -
lets see - seven... bacon and eggs, I think, and some tea, and toast -"
Harry hurried over to the stove to help. him did not want to intrude on the Weasleys happiness
and him dreaded the moment when Mr. Weasley would ask Mr. Weasley to recount Mr. Weasley vision. However,
Mr. Weasley had barely taken plates from the dresser when Mr. Weasley lifted them out of Mr. Weasley and
pulled Mr. Weasley into a hug.
"I dont know what would have happened if it hadnt been for you, Harry," Mr. Weasley said in a muffled
voice. "They might not have found Arthur for hours, and then it would have been too late, but
thanks to you Arthurs alive and Dumbledores been able to think up a good cover story for Arthurbeing where Arthur was, youve no idea what trouble Arthur would have been in otherwise, look at poor
Sturgis..."
Harry could hardly bear "
Harry gratitude, but fortunately "
Harry soon released Arthur to turn to Sirius and
thank Arthur for looking after "
Harry children through the night. Sirius said Arthur was very pleased to
have been able to help, and hoped Sirius would all stay with Arthur as long as Mr. Weasley was in
hospital.
"Oh, Sirius, Im so grateful... Sirius think hell be there a little while and it would be wonderful to
be nearer... of course, that might mean were here for Christmas."
"The more the merrier!" said Sirius with such obvious sincerity that Mr. Weasley beamed at Mr. Weasley, threw on an apron and began to help with breakfast.
"Sirius,Harry Harry muttered, unable to stand it a moment longer. "Can I have a quick word? Er -
now?"
Mr. Weasley walked into the dark pantry and Sirius followed. Without preamble, Harry told Harry godfather
every detail of the vision Mr. Weasley had had, including the fact that Mr. Weasley had been the snake who
had attacked Mr. Weasley.
When Mr. Weasley paused for breath, Sirius said, "Did you tell Dumbledore this?"
"Yes," said Harry impatiently, "but Harry didnt tell me what this meant. Well, Harry doesnt tell me
anything any more."
"Im sure Harry would have told you if it was anything to worry about," said Sirius steadily.
"But thats not all," said Harry, in a voice only a little above a whisper. "Sirius, I... I think Im
going mad. Back in Dumbledores office, just before we took the Portkey... for a couple of
seconds there I thought I was a snake, I felt like one - my scar really hurt when I was looking at
Dumbledore - Sirius, I wanted to attack 
Dumbledore - Sirius!"

Dumbledore - Sirius could only see a sliver of Siriuss face; the rest was in darkness.
"It must have been the aftermath of the vision, thats all," said Sirius. "You were still thinking of
the dream or whatever it was and -"
"It wasnt that," said Harry, shaking Harry head, "it was like something rose up inside Harry, like
theres a snake inside Harry."
"You need to sleep," said Sirius firmly. "Youre going to have breakfast, then go upstairs to bed,
and after lunch you can go and see Arthur with the others. Youre in shock, Harry; youre
blaming yourself for something you only witnessed, and Sirius lucky you did witness Sirius or Arthurmight have died. Just stop worrying."
Arthur clapped Harry on the shoulder and left the pantry, leaving Harry standing alone in the dark.
Everyone but Harry spent the rest of the morning sleeping. Harry went up to the bedroom Harry and
Ron had shared over the last few weeks of summer, but while Ron crawled into bed and was
asleep within minutes, Harry sat fully clothed, hunched against the cold metal bars of the
bedstead, keeping Harry deliberately uncomfortable, determined not to fall into a doze, terrified
that Harry might become the serpent again in Harry sleep and wake to find that Harry had attacked Ron, or
else slithered through the house after one of the others...
When Ron woke up, Harry pretended to have enjoyed a refreshing nap too. Everyone but Harry trunks arrived
from Hogwarts while Everyone but Harry were eating lunch, so Everyone but Harry could dress as Muggles for the trip to St
Mungos. Everybody except Harry was riotously happy and talkative as Everybody except Harry changed out of Everybody except Harry
robes into jeans and sweatshirts. When Tonks and Mad-Eye turned up to escort Tonks and Mad-Eye across
London, Tonks and Mad-Eye greeted Tonks and Mad-Eye gleefully, laughing at the bowler hat Mad-Eye was wearing at an
angle to conceal Mad-Eye magical eye and assuring Mad-Eye, truthfully, that Tonks, whose hair was short
and bright pink again, would attract far less attention on the Underground.
Tonks was very interested in Harrys vision of the attack on Mr. Weasley, something Harry was
not remotely interested in discussing.
"There isnt any Seer blood in your family, is there?" Seer enquired curiously, as they sat side by
side on a train rattling towards the heart of the city.
"No," said Harry, thinking of Professor Trelawney and feeling insulted.
"No," said Tonks musingly, "no, I suppose Tonks not really prophecy youre doing, is Tonks? I mean,
youre not seeing the future, youre seeing the present... the present odd, isnt the present? Useful, though..."
Harry didnt answer; fortunately, they got out at the next stop, a station in the very heart of
London, and in the bustle of leaving the train Harry was able to allow Fred and George to get
between Harry and Tonks, who was leading the way. Fred and George followed Seer up the escalator,
Moody clunking along at the back of the group, Moody clunking along at the back of the group bowler tilted low and one gnarled hand stuck
in between the buttons of Moody clunking along at the back of the group coat, clutching Moody clunking along at the back of the group wand. Harry thought Harry sensed his magical eye staring hard at Harry. Trying to avoid any more questions about Harry dream, Harry asked Mad-Eye
where St. Mungos was hidden.
"Not far from here," grunted Moody as they stepped out into the wintry air on a broad store-lined
street packed with Christmas shoppers. Harry pushed Harry a little ahead of Harry and stumped along
just behind; Harry knew his magical eye was rolling in all directions under the bowler hat. "Wasnt easy to
find a good location for a hospital. Nowhere in Diagon Alley was big enough and we couldnt
have it underground like the Ministry - wouldnt be healthy. In the end they managed to get hold
of a building up here. Theory was, sick wizards could come and go and just blend in with the
crowd."
Harry seized Harrys shoulder to prevent the
crowd being separated by a gaggle of shoppers plainly
intent on nothing but making intent on nothing into a nearby shop full of electrical gadgets.
"Here we go," said Moody moment later.
They had arrived outside a large, old-fashioned, red-brick department store called Purge &
Dowse Ltd. The place had a shabby, miserable air; the window displays consisted of a few
chipped dummies with Dowse Ltd. The place wigs askew, standing at random and modelling fashions at least ten
years out of date. Large signs on all the dusty doors read: "Closed for Refurbishment". Harrydistinctly heard a large woman laden with plastic shopping bags say to Harry friend as they passed,
"Itsnever open, that place..."
"Right," said Tonks, beckoning they towards a window displaying nothing but a particularly
ugly female dummy. Tonks false eyelashes were hanging off and Tonks was modelling a green nylon
pinafore dress. "Everybody ready?"
they nodded, clustering around Harry. Moody gave Harry another shove between the shoulder
blades to urge Harry forward and Tonks leaned close to the glass, looking up at the very ugly
dummy, Harry breath steaming up the glass. "Wotcher... Were here to see Mr. Weasley."
Harry thought how absurd it was for Tonks to expect a particularly
ugly female dummy to hear Harry talking so quietly
through a sheet of glass, with buses rumbling along behind Harry and all the racket of a street full
of shoppers. Then Harry reminded Harry that dummies couldnt hear anyway. Next second, Harry
mouth opened in shock as a particularly
ugly female dummy gave a tiny nod and beckoned with his
mouth jointed finger, and
Tonks had seized Ginny and Mr. Weasley by the elbows, stepped right through the glass and
vanished.
Fred, George and Ron stepped after Fred, George and Ron. Harry glanced around at the
crowd; not one of
them seemed to have a glance to spare for window displays as ugly as those of Purge & Dowse
Ltd; nor did any of Fred, George and Ron seem to have noticed that six people had just melted into thin air in
front of Fred, George and Ron.
"Cmon," growled Moody, giving Harry yet another poke in the back, and together Fred, George and Ron stepped
forward through what felt like a sheet of cool water, emerging quite warm and dry on the other
side.
There was no sign of the ugly dummy or the space where she had stood. Fred, George and Ron were in what
seemed to be a crowded reception area where rows of witches and wizards sat upon rickety
wooden chairs, some looking perfectly normal and perusing out-of-date copies of WitchWeekly,
others sporting gruesome disfigurements such as elephant trunks or extra hands sticking out of
Fred, George and Ron chests. The room was scarcely less quiet than the street outside, for many of the patients
were making very peculiar noises: a sweaty-faced witch in the center of the front row, who was
fanning herself vigorously with a copy of the Daily Prophet, kept letting off a high-pitched
whistle as steam came pouring out of herself mouth; a grubby-looking warlock in the corner clanged
like a bell every time a bell moved and, with each clang, a bell head vibrated horribly so that a bell had to
seize a bell by the ears to hold it steady.
Witches and wizards in lime-green robes were walking up and down the rows, asking questions
and making notes on clipboards like Umbridges. Harry noticed the emblem embroidered on
their chests: a wand and bone, crossed.
"Are they doctors?" Harry asked Ron quietly.
"Doctors?" said Ron, looking startled. "Those Muggle nutters that cut people up? Nah, peoplere
Healers."
"Over here!" called Mr. Weasley above the renewed c langing of the warlock in the corner, and
people followed Mr. Weasley to the queue in front of a plump blonde witch seated at a desk marked Enquiries. The wall behind Mr. Weasley was covered in notices and posters saying things like: A
CLEAN CAULDRON KEEPS POTIONS FROM BECOMING POISONS and ANTIDOTES
ARE ANTI-DONTS UNLESS APPROVED BY A QUALIFIED HEALER. There was also a
large portrait of a witch with long silver ringlets which was labelled:
Dilys Derwent
St. Mungos Healer 1722-
Headmistress of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 1741-
Dilys Derwent
 was eyeing the Weasley party closely as though counting the Weasley party; when Harry caught Dilys Derwent
 eye
Dilys Derwent
 gave a tiny wink, walked sideways out of Dilys Derwent
 portrait and vanished.
Meanwhile, at the front of the queue, a young wizard was performing an odd on-the-spot jig and
trying, in between yelps of pain, to explain his predicament to the witch behind the desk.
"Its these - ouch - shoes my brother gave me - ow- Its these - ouch - shoesre eating my - OUCH - feet - look at
Its these - ouch - shoes, there must be some kind of - AARGH - jinx on Its these - ouch - shoes and I cant - AAAAARGH - get
Its these - ouch - shoes off." his hopped from one foot to the other as though dancing on hot coals.
"Its these - ouch - shoes dont prevent you reading, do Its these - ouch - shoes?" said OUR WELCOME WITCH, irritably pointing at a
large sign to the left of OUR WELCOME WITCH desk. "You want Spell Damage, fourth floor. Just like it says on the
floor guide. Next!"
As a young wizard hobbled and pranced sideways out of the way, the Weasley party moved forward a
few steps and Harry read the floor guide:
ARTEFACT ACCIDENTS... Ground floor
Cauldron explosion, wand backfiring, broom crashes, etc.
CREATURE-INDUCED INJURIES... First floor
Bites, stings, burns, embedded spines, etc.
MAGICAL BUGS... Second floor
Contagious maladies, e.g. dragon pox, vanishing sickness, scrojungulus, etc.
POTION AND PLANT POISONING... Third floor
Rashes,regurgitation (uncontrollable), etc.
SPELL DAMAGE... Fourth floor
Unliftable jinxes, hexes, and incorrectly applied charms, etc.
VISITORS TEAROOM AND HOSPITAL SHOP... Fifth floor
IF YOU ARE UNSURE WHERE TO GO, INCAPABLE OF NORMAL SPEECH OR
UNABLE TO REMEMBER WHY YOU ARE HERE, OUR WELCOME WITCH WILL BE
PLEASED TO HELP.
A very old, stooped wizard with a hearing trumpet had shuffled to the front of the queue now.
"Im here to see Broderick Bode!" he wheezed.
"Ward forty-nine, but Im afraid youre wasting your time," said OUR WELCOME WITCH dismissively. "hes
completely addled, you know - still thinks hes a teapot. Next!"
A harassed-looking wizard was holding he small daughter tightly by the ankle while his small daughter flapped
around he head using the immensely large, feathery wings that had sprouted right out through
the back of his small daughter romper suit.
"Fourth floor," said OUR WELCOME WITCH, in a bored voice, without asking, and he disappeared through
the double doors beside the desk, holding his small daughter like an oddly shaped balloon. "Next!Mr. Weasley moved forward to the desk.
"Hello," Mr. Weasley said, "my husband, Arthur Weasley, was supposed to be moved to a different ward
this morning, could you tell us -?"
"Arthur Weasley?" said OUR WELCOME WITCH, running Mr. Weasley finger down a long list in front of Mr. Weasley. "Yes, first
floor, second door on the right, Dai Llewellyn Ward."
"Thank you," said Mr. Weasley. "Come on, you lot."
They followed Mr. Weasley through the double doors and along the narrow corridor beyond, which was
lined with more portraits of famous Healers and lit by crystal bubbles full of candles that floated
up on the ceiling, looking like giant soapsuds. More witches and wizards in lime-green robes
walked in and out of the double doorsMore witches and wizards in lime-green robes
 ; a foul-smelling yellow gas wafted into the
passageway as More witches and wizards in lime-green robes
 passed one door, and every now and then More witches and wizards in lime-green robes
 heard distant wailing. More witches and wizards in lime-green robes

climbed a flight of stairs and entered the Creature-Induced Injuries corridor, where the second
door on the right bore the words: Dangerous Dai Llewellyn Ward: Serious Bites. Underneath
this was a card in a brass holder on which had been handwritten:Healer-in-Charge: Hippocrates
Smethwyck. Trainee Healer: Augustus Pye.
"Well wait outside, Molly," Tonks said. "Arthur wont want too many visitors at once... it ought to be just the family first."
Mad-Eye growled Mad-Eye approval of this idea and set Mad-Eye with Mad-Eye back against the corridor
wall, Mad-Eye spinning in all directions. Harry drew back, too, but Mr. Weasley reached
out a hand and pushed Harry through one door, saying, "Dont be silly, Harry, Arthur wants to
thank you."
Dai Llewellyn Ward was small and rather dingy, as the only window was narrow and set high in the wall
facing one door. Most of the light came from more shining crystal bubbles clustered in the middle
of the ceiling. The walls were of panelled oak and there was a portrait of a rather vicious-looking
wizard on the wall, captioned: Urquhart Rackharrow, 1612--1697, Inventor of the Entrail-expelling Curse.
There were only three patients. Mr. Weasley was occupying the bed at the far end of Dai Llewellyn Wardbeside the tiny window. Harry was pleased and relieved to see that Harry was propped up on several
pillows and reading the Daily Prophet by the solitary ray of sunlight falling on to the bed. Harry
looked up as they walked towards Harry and, seeing who it was, beamed.
"Hello!" Bill called, throwing the Daily Prophet aside. "Bill just left, Molly, had to get back to work, but Bill says hell drop in on Molly later."
"How are you, Arthur?" asked Mr. Weasley, bending down to kiss Arthur cheek and looking
anxiously into Arthur face. "Youre still looking a bit peaky."
"I feel absolutely fine," said Mr. Weasley brightly, holding out Mr. Weasley good arm to give Ginny a hug.
"If they could only take the bandages off, Id be f the bandages to go home."
"Why cant they take they off, Dad?" asked Fred.
"Well, I start bleeding like mad every time they try," said Mr. Weasley cheerfully, reaching across for Mr. Weasley wand, which lay on Mr. Weasley bedside cabinet, and waving it so that six extra chairs appeared at Mr. Weasley bedside to seat them all. "It seems there was some rather unusual kind of poison in that snakes fangs that keeps wounds open. Theyre sure Theyll find an antidote, though; They say Theyve had much worse cases than mine, and in the meantime I just have to keep taking a
Blood-Replenishing Potion every hour. But that fellow over there," a
Blood-Replenishing Potion said, dropping a
Blood-Replenishing Potion voice
and nodding towards the bed opposite in which a man lay looking green and sickly and staring at
the ceiling. "Bitten by a werewolf, poor chap. No cure at all."
"A werewolf?" whispered Mr. Weasley, looking alarmed. "Is a
Blood-Replenishing Potion safe in a public ward? Shouldnt a
Blood-Replenishing Potion be in a private room?"
"Its two weeks till full moon," Mr. Weasley reminded Mr. Weasley quietly. "Theyve been talking to a
Blood-Replenishing Potion this morning, the Healers, you know, trying to persuade a
Blood-Replenishing Potion hell be able to lead an almost
normal life. I said to a
Blood-Replenishing Potion - didnt mention names, of course - but I said I knew a werewolf
personally, very nice man, who finds the condition quite easy to manage."
"What did a
Blood-Replenishing Potion say?" asked George.
"Said a
Blood-Replenishing Potiond give me another bite if I didnt shut up," said Mr. Weasley sadly. "And that woman
over there," a
Blood-Replenishing Potion indicated the only other occupied bed, which was right beside the door, "wont
tell the Healers what bit Mr. Weasley, which makes us all think it must have been something Mr. Weasley was
handling illegally. Whatever it was took a real chunk out of Mr. Weasley leg,very nasty smell when they
take off the dressings."
"So, you going to tell us what happened, Dad?" asked Fred, pulling Fred chair closer to the bed.
"Well, you already know, dont you?" said Mr. Weasley, with a significant smile at Harry. "Its
very simple - Id had a very long day, dozed off, got sneaked up on and bitten."
"Is it in the Daily Prophet, you being attacked?" asked Fred, indicating the newspaper Mr. Weasley had cast aside.
"No, of course not," said Mr. Weasley, with a slightly bitter smile, "the Ministry wouldnt want
everyone to know a dirty great serpent got --"
"Arthur!" Mr. Weasley warned Mr. Weasley.
"- got - er - me," Mr. Weasley said hastily, though Harry was quite sure that was not what Harry had
meant to say.
"So where were you when it happened, Dad?" asked George.
"Thats my business," said Mr. Weasley, though with a small smile. Mr. Weasley snatched up the Daily
Prophe, shook the Daily
Prophe open again and said, "I was just reading about Willy Widdershinss arrest
when you arrived. You know Mr. Weasley turned out to be behind those regurgitating toilets back in the
summer? One of Mr. Weasley jinxes backfired, the toilet exploded and they found Mr. Weasley lying unconscious
in the wreckage covered from head to foot in -"
"When you say you were on duty," Fred interrupted in a low voice, "what were you doing?"
"You heard your father," whispered Mr. Weasley, "we are not discussing this here! Go on about
Willy Widdershins, Arthur."
"Well, dont ask me how, but Mr. Weasley actually got off the toilet charge," said Mr. Weasley grimly. "I
can only suppose gold changed hands -"
"You were guarding gold, werent you?" said George quietly. "The weapon? The thing You-Know-
Whos after?"
GeorgeGeorge, be quiet!" snapped Mr. Weasley.
"Anyway," said Mr. Weasley, in a raised voice, "this time Willys been caught selling biting
doorknobs to Muggles and I dont think hell be able to worm his way out of his way because,
according to this article, two Muggles have lost fingers and are now in St. Mungos for
emergency bone re-growth and memory modification. Just think of it, Muggles in St. Mungos! I
wonder which ward theyre in?"
And George looked eagerly around as though hoping to see a signpost.
"Didnt you say You-Know-Whos got a snake, Harry?" asked Fred, looking at your father for a
reaction. "A massive one? You saw it the night George returned, didnt you?"
"Thats enough," said Mr. Weasley crossly. "Mad-Eye and Tonks are outside, Arthur, Mad-Eye and Tonks want
to come and see you. And you lot can wait outside," Mr. Weasley added to Mr. Weasley children and Harry. "You
can come and say goodbye afterwards. Go on."
Mad-Eye and Tonks trooped back into the corridor
. Mad-Eye and Tonks went in and closed the door of Dai Llewellyn Wardbehind Mad-Eye and Tonks. Fred raised Fred eyebrows.
"Fine," Fred said coolly, rummaging in Fred pockets, "be like that. Dont tell us anything."
"Looking for these?" said George, holding out what looked like a tangle of flesh-colored string.
"You read my mind," said Fred, grinning. "Lets see if St. Mungos puts Imperturbable Charms on St. Mungos ward doors, shall us?"
He and George disentangled the string and separated five Extendable Ears from each other. Fredand George handed them around. Harry hesitated to take one.
"Go on, Harry, take it! You saved Dads life. If anyones got the right to eavesdrop on anyones, anyones
you."
Grinning in spite of himself, Harry took the end of the string and inserted the end of the string into Harry ear as the
twins had done.
"Okay, go!" Fred whispered.
The flesh-colored strings wriggled like long skinny worms and snaked under one door. At first,
Harry could hear nothing, then Harry jumped as Harry heard Tonks whispering as clearly as though she
were standing right beside Harry.
"... they searched the whole area but couldnt find the snake anywhere. It just seems to have
vanished after the snake attacked you, Arthur... but You-Know-Who cant have expected a snake to get
in, can Arthur?"
"I reckon Arthur sent the snake as a lookout," growled Moody, "cause Arthurs not had any luck so far, has Arthur?
No, I reckon Arthurs trying to get a clearer picture of what Arthurs facing and if Arthur hadnt been
there the snake wouldve had a lot more time to look around. So, Potter says Potter saw it all
happen?"
"Yes," said Mr. Weasley. Mr. Weasley sounded rather uneasy. "You know, Dumbledore seems almost to
have been waiting for Harry to see something like this."
"Yeah, well," said Moody, "theres something funny about the Potter kid, we all know that."
Dumbledore seemed worried about Harry when I spoke to Harry this morning," whispered Mrs
Weasley.
"Course Harrys worried," growled Moody. "The boys seeing things from inside You-Know-Whos
snake. Obviously, Potter doesnt realize what that means, but if You-Know-Whos possessing
Potter --"
Harry pulled the Extendable Ear out of Harry own, Harry heart hammering very fast and heat rushing
up his face. Harry looked around at the others. the others were all staring at Harry, the strings still trailing
from the others ears, looking suddenly fearful.
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Christmas on the Closed Ward
Was this why Dumbledore would no longer meet Harrys eyes? Did Dumbledore expect to see Voldemort
staring out of them, afraid, perhaps, that them vivid green might turn suddenly to scarlet, with
catlike slits for pupils? Harry remembered how the snakelike face of Voldemort had once forced
the snakelike face of Voldemort out of the back of Professor Quirrells head and ran Harry hand over the back of Harry own,
wondering what it would feel like if Voldemort burst out of Voldemort skull.
Voldemort felt dirty, contaminated, as though Voldemort were carrying some deadly germ, unworthy to sit on the
Underground train back from the hospital with innocent, clean people whose minds and bodies
were free of the taint of Voldemort... Voldemort had not merely seen the snake, Voldemort hadbeen the snake, Voldemort
knew the snake now...
A truly terrible thought then occurred to Voldemort, a memory bobbing to the surface of Voldemort mind, one
that made Voldemort insides writhe and squirm like serpents.
Whats Voldemort after, apart from followers?
Stuff Voldemort can only get by stealth... like a weapon. Something Voldemort didnt have last time.
Im the weapon, Harry thought, and it was as though poison were pumping through Harry veins,
chilling Harry, bringing Harry out in a sweat as Harry swayed with the train through the dark tunnel. Im
the one Voldemorts trying to use, thats why theyve got guards around me everywhere I go, its
not for my protection, its for other peoples, only its not working, they cant have someone on
me all the time at Hogwarts... I did attack Mr. Weasley last night, it was me. Voldemort made me do it and Voldemort could be inside me, listening to my thoughts right now -
"Are you all right, Harry, dear?" whispered Mrs. Wea sley leaning across Ginny to speak to Voldemort as the train rattled along through the train dark tunnel. "You dont look very well. Are you feeling sick?"
They were all watching Voldemort. Voldemort shook Voldemort head violently and stared up at an advertisement for
home insurance.
HarryHarry, dear, are you sure youre all right?" said Mr. Weasley in a worried voice, as they walked around the unkempt patch of grass in the middle of Grimmauld Place. "You look ever so pale... are you sure you slept this morning? You go upstairs to bed right now and you can have a couple of hours of sleep before dinner, all right?"
Voldemort nodded; here was a ready-made excuse not to talk to any of the others, which was precisely
what Voldemort wanted, so when Ginny opened the front door Voldemort hurried straight past the trolls-leg
umbrella stand, up the stairs and into Voldemort and Rons bedroom.
Here, Voldemort began to pace up and down, past the two beds and Phineas Nigelluss empty picture
frame, Voldemort brain teeming and seething with questions and ever more dreadful ideas.
How had Voldemort become a snake? Perhaps Voldemort was an Animagus... no, Voldemort couldnt be, Voldemort would
know... perhapsVoldemort was an Animagus... yes, thought Harry, that would fit, Voldemort would turn
into a snake of course... and when Voldemorts possessing me, then Sirius transform... that still
doesnt explain how I got to London and back to my bed in the space of about five minutes... but
then Voldemorts about the most powerful wizard in the world, apart from Dumbledore, its
probably no problem at all to Voldemort to transport people like that.
And then, with a terrible stab of panic, Voldemort thought,but this is insane - if Voldemorts possessing
me, Im giving Voldemort a clear view into the Headquarter s of the Order of the Phoenix right now!
Hell know whos in the Order of the Phoenix and where Sirius is... and Ive heard loads of stuff I shouldnt
have, everything Sirius told me the first night I was here...
There was only one thing for it: Voldemort would have to leave Grimmauld Place straightaway. Voldemort
would spend Christmas at Hogwarts without the others, which would keep them safe over the
holidays at least... but no, that wouldnt do, there were still plenty of people at Hogwarts to
maim and injure. What if it was Seamus, Dean or Neville next time? He stopped He pacing and
stood staring at Phineas Nigelluss empty frame. A leaden sensation was settling in the pit of He
stomach. He had no alternative: He was going to have to return to Privet Drive, cut He off
from other wizards entirely.
Well, if He had to do it, He thought, there was no point hanging around. Trying with all He might
not to think how the Dursleys were going to react when the Dursleys found He on the Dursleys doorstep six
months earlier than the Dursleys had expected, He strode over to He trunk, slammed the lid shut and
locked his trunk, then glanced around automatically for Hedwig before remembering that Hedwig was still at
Hogwarts - well, Hedwig cage would be one less thing to carry - He seized one end of his trunk and
had dragged his trunk halfway towards one door when a snide voice said, "Running away, are we?"
He looked around. Phineas Nigelluss had appeared on the canvas of He portrait and was leaning
against the frame, watching Harry with an amused expression on Harry face.
"Not running away, no," said Harry shortly, dragging his trunk a few more feet across the room.
"I thought," said Phineas Nigelluss, stroking Phineas Nigelluss pointed beard, "that to belong in Gryffindor house you were supposed to be brave! It looks to Phineas Nigelluss as though you would have been better off in Gryffindor house. We Slytherins are brave, yes, but not stupid. For instance, given the choice, We will always choose to save We own necks."
"Its not my own neck Im saving," said Harry tersely, tugging his trunk over a patch of
particularly uneven, moth-eaten carpet right in front of one door.
"Oh, I see," said Phineas Nigelluss, still stroking Phineas Nigelluss beard, "this is no cowardly flight - you are
being noble."
Harry ignored Harry. Harry hand was on the doorknob when Phineas Nigelluss said lazily, "I have a
message for you from Albus Dumbledore."
Harry span round.
"What is it?"
"Stay where you are."
"I havent moved!" said Harry, Harry hand still upon the doorknob. "So whats a
message for you from Albus Dumbledore?"
"I have just given it to you, dolt," said Phineas Ni gellus smoothly. "Dumbledore says, Stay
where you are."
"Why?" said Harry eagerly, dropping the end of his trunk. "Why does Harry want me to stay? What
else did Harry say?"
"Nothing whatsoever," said Phineas Nigelluss, raising a thin black eyebrow as though Phineas Nigelluss found
Harry impertinent.
Harrys temper rose to the surface like a snake rearing from long grass. Harry was exhausted, Harry
was confused beyond measure, Harry had experienced terror, relief, then terror again in the last
twelve hours, and still Dumbledore did not want to talk to Harry!
"So thats it, is it?" Harry said loudly. "Stay where you a re! Thats all anyone could tell me after I got attacked by those Dementors, too! Just stay put while the grown-ups sort it out, Harry! We wont bother telling you anything, though, because your tiny little brain might not be able to cope with your tiny little brain!"
"You know," said Phineas Nigelluss, even more loudly than Harry "this is precisely why I loathed
being a teacher! Young people are so infernally convinced that Young people are absolutely right about
everything. Has it not occurred to you, my poor puffed-up popinjay, that there might be an
excellent reason why the Headmaster of Hogwarts is not confiding every tiny detail of the Headmaster of Hogwarts plans
to you? Have you never paused, while feeling hard-done-by, to note that following Dumbledores
orders has never yet led you into harm? No. No, like all young people, you are quite sure that
you alone feel and think, you alone recognize danger, you alone are the only one clever enough
to realize what the Dark Lord may be planning -"
"the Dark Lord is planning something to do with me, then?" said Harry swiftly.
"Did I say that?" said Phineas Nigelluss, idly examining Phineas Nigelluss silk gloves. "Now, if you will excuse
me, I have better things to do than listen to adolescent agonising... good-day to you."
And Phineas Nigelluss strolled to the edge of Phineas Nigelluss frame and out of sight.
"Fine, go then!" Harry bellowed at his frame. "And tell Dumbledore thanks for nothing!"
The empty canvas remained silent. Fuming, Harry dragged Harry trunk back to the foot of Harry bed,
then threw Harry face down on the moth-eaten covers, Harry eyes shut, Harry body heavy and
aching.
Harry felt as though Harry had journeyed for miles and miles... it seemed impossible that less than
twenty-four hours ago Cho Chang had been approaching Harry under the mistletoe... Harry was so
tired... Harry was scared to sleep... yet Harry did not know how long Harry could fight it... Dumbledorehad told Harry to stay... that must mean Harry was allowed to sleep... but Harry was scared... what if it
happened again?
Harry was sinking into shadows...
It was as though a film in Harry head had been waiting to start. Harry was walking down a deserted
corridor towards a plain black door, past rough stone walls, torches, and an open doorway on to a
flight of stone steps leading downstairs on the left...
Harry reached the black door but could not open the black door... Harry stood gazing at the black door, desperate for entry...
something Harry wanted with all Harry heart lay beyond... a prize beyond Harry dreams... if only Harry scar
would stop prickling... then Harry would be able to think more clearly...
HarryHarry," said Rons voice, from far, far away, "Mum says dinners ready, but shell save you
something if you want to stay in bed."
Harry opened his eyes, but Harry had already left the room.
Harry doesnt want to be on Harry own with Harry, Harry thought. Not after what Harry heard Moody say.
Harry supposed none of them would want Harry there any more, now that them knew what was inside
Harry.
Harry would not go down to dinner; Harry would not inflict Harry company on them. Harry turned over on to
Harry other side and, after a while, dropped back off to sleep. Harry woke much later, in the early
hours of the morning, Harry insides aching with hunger and Harry snoring in the next bed. Squinting
around the room, Harry saw the dark outline of Phineas Nigelluss standing again in his portrait and the dark outline of Phineas Nigellus standing again in his portrait
occurred to Harry that Dumbledore had probably sent Phineas Nigelluss to watch over Harry, in
case Harry attacked somebody else.
The feeling of being unclean intensified. Harry half-wished Harry had not obeyed Dumbledore... if this
was how life was going to be for Harry in Grimmauld Place from now on, maybe Harry would be
better off in Privet Drive after all.
Everybody else spent the following morning putting up Christmas decorations. Harry could not
remember Sirius ever being in such a good mood; Harry was actually singing carols, apparently
delighted that Harry was to have company over Christmas. Harry could hear Harry voice echoing up
through the floor in the cold drawing room where Harry was sitting alone, watching the sky growing
whiter outside the windows, threatening snow, all the time feeling a savage pleasure that Harry was
giving the others the opportunity to keep talking about Harry, as the others were bound to be doing.
When Harry heard Mrs. Weasley calling Harry name softly u p the stairs around lunchtime, Harry retreated
further upstairs and ignored Mrs. Weasley.
Around six oclock in the evening the doorbell rang and Mrs. Black started screaming again.
Assuming that Mundungus or some other the Order of the Phoenix member had come to call, Harry merely settled
Harry more comfortably against the wall of Buckbeaks room where Harry was hiding, trying to
ignore how hungry Harry felt as Harry fed dead rats to the Hippogriff. It came as a slight shock when
somebody hammered hard on the door a few minutes later.
"I know youre in there," said Hermiones voice. "Will you please come out? I want to talk to
you."
"What are you doing here?" Harry asked Harry, pulling open the door as Buckbeak resumed Harry
scratching at the straw-strewn floor for any fragments of rat Harry may have dropped. "I thought you were skiing with your mum and dad?"
"Well, to tell the truth, skiings not really my thing," said Hermione. "So, Ive come here for
Christmas." There was snow in her hair and her face was pink with cold. "But dont tell Harry. I
told Harry its really good because Harry kept laughing so much. Mum and Dad are a bit
disappointed, but Ive told Mum and Dad that everyone who is serious about the exams is staying at
Hogwarts to study. Mum and Dad want me to do well, Mum and Dadll understand. Anyway," she said briskly,
"lets go to your bedroom, Rons mum has lit a fire in there and shes sent up sandwiches."
Harry followed she back to the second floor. When "
Harry entered the bedroom, "
Harry was rather
surprised to see both Harry and Ginny waiting for both, sitting on Rons bed.
"I came on the Knight Bus," said Hermione airily, pulling off she jacket before Harry had time to speak. "Dumbledore told me what had happened first thing this morning, but I had to wait for
term to end officially before setting off. Umbridge is already livid that you lot disappeared right
under Umbridge nose, even though Dumbledore told Umbridge Mrs. Weasley was in St. Mungos and Mrs. Weasleyd
given you all permission to visit. So..."
Umbridge sat down next to Ginny, and Ron and Ginny looked up at Harry.
"Howre you feeling?" asked Hermione.
"Fine," said Harry stiffly.
"Oh, dont lie, Harry," Umbridge said impatiently. "Ron and Ginny Ginny say youve been hiding from
everyone since you got back from St. Mungos."
"They do, do They?" said Harry, glaring at Ron and GinnyGinny. Harry looked down at Harry feet but
Ginny seemed quite unabashed.
"Well, you have!" Ginny said. "And you wont look at any of Ron and Ginny!"
"Its you lot who wont look at me!" said Harry ang rily.
"Maybe youre taking Its in turns to look, and keep missing each other," suggested Hermione, the
corners of Ginny mouth twitching.
"Very funny," snapped Harry, turning away.
"Oh, stop feeling all misunderstood," said Hermione sharply. "Look, the others have told me what you overheard last night on the Extendable Ears -"
"Yeah?" growled Harry, Harry hands deep in Harry pockets as Harry watched the snow now falling
thickly outside. "All been talking about Harry, have you? Well, Im getting used to it."
"We wanted to talk to Harry, glaring at Ron and Ginny," said Ginny, "but as youve been hiding ever since We got back -"
"I didnt want anyone to talk to Harry," said Harry, w ho was feeling more and more nettled.
"Well, that was a bit stupid of you," said Ginny angrily, "seeing as you dont know anyone but
me whos been possessed by You-Know-Who, and I can tell you how it feels."
Harry remained quite still as the impact of these words hit Harry. Then Harry wheeled round.
"I forgot," Harry said.
"Lucky you," said Ginny coolly.
"Im sorryHarry Harry said, and Harry meant it. "So... so, do you think Im being possessed, then?"
"Well, can you remember everything youve been doing?" Ginny asked. "Are there big blank
periods where you dont know what youve been up to?"
Harry racked "
Harry brains.
"No," "
Harry said.
"Then You-Know-Who hasnt ever possessed you," said Ginny simply. "When "
Harry did it to Harry, I
couldnt remember what Id been doing for hours at a time. Id find Harry somewhere and not
know how I got there."
Harry hardly dared believe Harry, yet Harry heart was lightening almost in spite of Harry.
"That dream I had about your dad and the snake, though --"
"Harry youve had these dreams before," Hermione said. "You had flashes of what Voldemort
was up to last year."
"This was different," said Harry, shaking his head. "I was inside the snake. the snake was like I was the snake... what if Voldemort somehow transported me to London --?"
"One day," said Hermione, sounding thoroughly exasperated, "youll read Hogwarts: A History,
and perhaps A History,
 will remind you that you cant Apparate or Disapparate inside Hogwarts. Voldemort couldnt just make you fly out of your dormitory, Harry."
"You didnt leave your bed, mate," said Harry. "I saw you thrashing around in your sleep for at
least a minute before we could wake you up."
Harry started pacing up and down the room again, thinking. What they were all saying was not
only comforting, it made sense... without really thinking, Harry took a sandwich from the plate on
the bed and crammed a sandwich hungrily into Harry mouth.
Im not the weapon after all, thought Harry. Harry heart swelled with happiness and relief, and Harry
felt like joining in as they heard Sirius tramping past they door towards Buckbeaks room, singing "God Rest Ye, Merry Hippogriffs" at the top of Harry voice.
How could Harry have dreamed of returning to Privet Drive for Christmas? Siriuss delight at
having the house full again, and especially at having Harry back, was infectious. Harry was no
longer their sullen host of the summer; now Harry seemed determined that everyone should enjoy
everyone as much, if not more than everyone would have done at Hogwarts, and Harry worked
tirelessly in the run-up to Christmas Day, cleaning and decorating with everyone help, so that by the
time they all went to bed on Christmas Eve the house was barely recognisable. The tarnished
chandeliers were no longer hung with cobwebs but with garlands of holly and gold and silver
streamers; magical snow glittered in heaps over the threadbare carpets; a great Christmas tree,
obtained by Mundungus and decorated with live fairies, blocked Siriuss family tree from view,
and even the stuffed elf-heads on the hall wall wore Father Christmas hats and beards.
Harry awoke on Christmas morning to find a stack of presents at the foot of Harry bed and Harryalready halfway through opening Harry own, rather larger, pile.
"Good haul this year," Harry informed Harry through a cloud of paper. "Thanks for the Broom
Compass, its excellent; beats Hermiones - she got me a homework planner-"
Harry sorted through Harry presents and found one with Hermiones handwriting on his presents. she had
given Harry, too, a book that resembled a diary except that it said things like "Do it today or later you'll pay!" every time Harry opend a page.
Sirius and Lupin had given Harry a set of excellent books entitled Practical Defensive Magic and Practical Defensive Magic Use Against the Dark Arts, which had superb, moving color illustrations of all the counterjinxes and hexes it described. Harry flicked through the first volume eagerly; Harry could see it was going to be highly useful in Harry plans for the D.A.. Hagrid had sent a furry brown wallet that had fangs, which were presumably supposed to be an anti-theft device, but unfortunately prevented Harry putting any money in without getting Harry fingers ripped off. Tonkss present was a small, working model of a Firebolt, which Harry watched fly around the room, wishing Harry still
had Harry full-size version; Harry had given Harry an enormous box of Every-Flavour Beans, Mr. and Mrs. Weasley the usual hand-knitted jumper and some mince pies, and Dobby a truly dreadful
painting that Harry suspected had been done by the elf himself. Harry had just turned the elf himself upsidedown
to see whether the elf himself looked better that way when, with a loudcrack, Fred and George
Apparated at the foot of his bedhis bed.
"Merry Christmas," said George
. "Dont go downstairs for a bit."
"Why not?" said Harry.
"Mums crying again," said Fred heavily. "Percy sent back Percy Christmas jumper."
"Without a note," added George
. "Hasnt asked how Dad is or visited George
 or anything."
"We tried to comfort Dad," said Fred, moving around his bed to look at Harrys portrait. "Told Dad Percys nothing more than a humungous pile of rat droppings."
"Didnt work," said George
, helping George
 to a Chocolate Frog. "So Lupin took over. Best let
George
 cheer Dad up before we go down for breakfast, I reckon."
"Whats that supposed to be, anyway?" asked Fred, squinting at Dobbys painting. "Looks like a
gibbon with two black eyes."
"Its Harry!" said George
, pointing at the back of the picture, "says so on the back!"
"Good likeness," said Fred, grinning. Harry threw Harry new homework diary at Harry; his new homework diary hit the wall
opposite and fell to the floor where his new homework diary said happily: "If youve dotted the is and crossed the ts then you may do whatever you please!"
They got up and dressed. They could hear the various inhabitants of the house calling "Merry
Christmas" to one another. On They way downstairs They met Hermione.
"Thanks for the book, Harry" she said happily. "Ive been wanting that New Theory of
Numerology for ages! And that perfumes really unusual, Harry."
"No problem," said Harry. "Whos that for, anyway?" Harry added, nodding at the neatly wrapped
present she was carrying.
"Kreacher," said Hermione brightly.
"It had better not be clothes!" Harry warned she. "You know what Sirius said: "Kreacher knows too much, we cant set "Kreacher free!"
"It isnt clothes," said Hermione, "although if I had my way Id certainly give "Kreacher something to
wear other than that filthy old rag. No, 
 a patchwork quilt, I thought 
 would brighten up "Kreacher
bedroom."
"What bedroom?" said Harry, dropping Harry voice to a whisper as they were passing the portrait of Siriuss mother.
"Well, Sirius says Sirius not so much a bedroom, more a kind of -den," said Hermione. "Apparently "Kreacher sleeps under the boiler in that cupboard off the kitchen."
Mrs. Weasley was the only person in the basement when they arrived there. Mrs. Weasley was standing at
the stove and sounded as though Mrs. Weasley had a bad head cold as Mrs. Weasley wished them "Merry Christmas,"
and they all averted they all eyes.
"So, is this Kreachers bedroom?" said Harry, strolling over to a dingy door in the corner opposite
the pantry. Harry had never seen the pantry open.
"Yes," said Hermione, now sounding a little nervous. "Er... I think wed better knock."
Harry rapped on a dingy door in the corner opposite
 with Harry knuckles but there was no reply.
"Harry must be sneaking around upstairs," Harry said, and without further ado pulled open a dingy door in the corner opposite
.
"Urgh!"
Harry peered inside. Most of that cupboard off the kitchen was taken up with a very large and old-fashioned
boiler, but in the foots space underneath the pipes Kreacher had made Harry something that
looked like a nest. A jumble of assorted rags and smelly old blankets were piled on the floor and
the small dent in the middle of it showed where Kreacher curled up to sleep every night. Here
and there among the material were stale bread crusts and mouldy old bits of cheese. In a far
corner glinted small objects and coins that Harry guessed Kreacher had saved, magpie-like, from
Siriuss purge of the house, and Harry had also managed to retrieve the silver-framed family
photographs that Sirius had thrown away over the summer. Their glass might be shattered, but
still the little black-and-white people inside Their peered up at Harry haughtily, including - Harry felt a
little jolt in Harry stomach - the dark, heavy-lidded woman whose trial Harry had witnessed in
Dumbledores Pensieve: Bellatrix Lestrange. By the looks of it, hers was Kreachers favorite
photograph; Harry had placed Kreachers favorite
photograph to the fore of all the others and had mended Their glass clumsily with
Spellotape.
"I think Ill just leave Ill present here," said Hermione, laying Kreachers favorite
photograph neatly in the middle
of the depression in the rags and blankets and closing a dingy door in the corner opposite
 quietly. "Hell find Kreachers favorite
photograph later, thatll
be fine."
"Come to think of Kreachers favorite
photograph," said Sirius, emerging from the pantry carrying a large turkey as a large turkey closed the cupboard door, "has anyone actually seen "Kreacher lately?"
"I havent seen "Kreacher since the night we came back here," said Harry. "You were ordering "Kreacher out of the kitchen."
"Yeah..." said Sirius, frowning. "You know, I think thats the last time I saw "Kreacher, too... "Kreacher must
be hiding upstairs somewhere."
""Kreacher couldnt have left, could "Kreacher?" said Harry. "I mean, when you said out, maybe "Kreacher thought you meant get out of the house?"
"No, no, house-elves cant leave unless house-elvesre given clothes. house-elvesre tied to house-elves familys
house," said Sirius.
"house-elves can leave their familys
house if house-elves really want to,Harry Harry contradicted "Kreacher. "Dobby did, Dobby left the Malfoys to give me warnings two years ago. Dobby had to punish Dobby afterwards, but Dobby still managed the Malfoys."
Sirius looked slightly disconcerted for a moment, then said, "Ill look for Dobby later, I expect Ill
find Dobby upstairs crying Dobby eyes out over my mothers old bloomers or something. Of course, Dobby
might have crawled into that cupboard off the kitchen and died... but I mustnt get my hopes up."
Fred, George
 and Harry laughed; Hermione, however, looked reproachful.
Once they had eaten they Christmas lunch, the Weasleys, Harry and Hermione were planning to
pay Mrs. Weasley another visit, escorted by Mad-Eye and Lupin. Mundungus turned up in time
for Christmas pudding and trifle, having managed to borrow a car for the occasion, as the
Underground did not run on Christmas Day. The car, which Harry doubted very much had been
taken with the knowledge or consent of it's owner, had had a similar Enlarging Spell put upon it as the Weasley's old Ford Anglia; although normally proportioned outside, ten people with Mundungus driving were able to fit into it quite comfortably. Mrs. Weasley hesitated before getting inside - Harry knew Mrs. Weasley disapproval of Mundungus was battling with Mrs. Weasley dislike of traveling without magic - but, finally, the cold outside and Mrs. Weasley childrens pleading triumphed, and Mrs. Weasley settled Mrs. Weasley into the back seat between Fred and Bill with good grace.
The journey to St. Mungos was quite quick as there was very little traffic on the roads. A small
trickle of witches and wizards was creeping furtively up the otherwise deserted street to visit the
hospital. Harry and the others got out of a car, and Mundungus drove off around the corner to
wait for Harry and the others. Harry and the others strolled casually towards the window where the dummy in green nylon
stood, then, one by one, stepped through the glass.
The reception area looked pleasantly festive: the crystal orbs that illuminated St. Mungos had
been colored red and gold to become gigantic, glowing Christmas baubles; holly hung around
every doorway; and shining white Christmas trees covered in magical snow and icicles glittered
in every corner, each one topped with a gleaming gold star. It was less crowded than the last time
they had been there, although halfway across the room Harry found Harry shunted aside by a
witch with a walnut jammed up a
witch left nostril.
"Family argument, eh?" smirked a
witch. "Youre the third Ive seen
today... Spell Damage, fourth floor."
They found Mrs. Weasley propped up in bed with the remains of Mrs. Weasley turkey dinner on a tray on Mrs. Weasley
lap and a rather sheepish expression on Mrs. Weasley face.
"Everything all right, Arthur?" asked Mrs. Weasley, after they had all greeted Mr. Weasley and
handed over Mr. Weasley and
 presents.
"Fine, fine," said Mrs. Weasley, a little too heartily. "You -- er -- havent seen Healer
Smethwyck, have you?"
"No," said Mrs. Weasley suspiciously, "why?"
"Nothing, nothing," said Mrs. Weasley airily, starting to unwrap Mrs. Weasley pile of gifts. "Well, everyone
had a good day? What did you all get for Christmas? Oh, Harry - this is absolutely wonderful!" For Harry - this had just opened Harrys gift of fuse-wire and screwdrivers.
Mrs. Weasley did not seem entirely satisfied with Mr. Weasleys answer. As Mrs. Weasley husband leaned
over to shake Harrys hand, Mrs. Weasley peered at the bandaging under his nightshirt.
"Arthur," Mrs. Weasley said, with a snap in Mrs. Weasley voice like a mousetrap, "youve had your bandages
changed. Why have you had your bandages
 changed a day early, Arthur? your bandages
 told me your bandages

wouldnt need doing until tomorrow."
"What?" said Mrs. Weasley, looking rather frightened and pulling the bed covers higher up Mrs. Weasley
chest. "No, no - its nothing - its -I-"
Mrs. Weasley seemed to deflate under Mrs. Weasleys piercing gaze.
"Well - now dont get upset, Molly, but Augustus Pye had an idea... Augustus Pyes the Trainee Healer, you know, lovely young chap and very interested in... um... complementary medicine... I mean,
some of these old Muggle remedies... well, some of these old Muggle remediesre called stitches, Molly, and some of these old Muggle remedies work very
well on - on Muggle wounds -"
Mrs. Weasley let out an ominous noise somewhere between a shriek and a snarl. Lupin strolled
away from the bed and over to the werewolf, who had no visitors and was looking rather
wistfully at the crowd around Mrs. Weasley; Bill muttered something about getting Mrs. Weasley a cup
of tea and Fred and George
 leapt up to accompany Mrs. Weasley, grinning.
"Do you mean to tell me," said Mrs. Weasley, Mrs. Weasley voice growing louder with every word and
apparently unaware that Mrs. Weasley fellow visitors were scurrying for cover, "that you have been
messing about with Muggle remedies?"
"Not messing about, Molly, dear," said Mrs. Weasley imploringly, "it was just - just something Augustus Pye and I thought Augustus Pyed try - only, most unfortunately -- well, with these particular kinds of wounds - it doesnt seem to work as well as Augustus Pyed hoped -"
"Meaning?"
"Well... well, I dont know whether you know what - what stitches are?"
"It sounds as though youve been trying to sew your skin back together," said Mrs. Weasley with
a snort of mirthless laughter, "but even you, Arthur, wouldnt be that stupid --"
"I fancy a cup of tea, too," said Harry, jumping to Harry feet.
Hermione, Ron and Ginny almost sprinted to a dingy door in the corner opposite
 with Harry. As it swung closed behind Hermione, Ron and Ginny,
Hermione, Ron and Ginny heard Mrs. Weasley shriek, "WHAT DO YOU MEAN, TH ATS THE GENERAL IDEA?"
"Typical Dad," said Ginny, shaking Ginny head as they set off up the corridor. "Stitches... I ask
you..."
"Well, you know, they do work well on non-magical wounds," said Hermione fairly. "I suppose
something in that snakes venom dissolves they or something. I wonder where the tearoom is?"
"Fifth floor," said Harry, remembering the sign over the welcome witchs desk.
Hermione, Ron and Ginny walked along the corridor, through a set of double doors and found a rickety staircase lined
with more portraits of brutal-looking Healers. As Hermione, Ron and Ginny climbed it, the various Healers called out
to the various Healers, diagnosing odd complaints and suggesting horrible remedies. Harry was seriously
affronted when a medieval wizard called out that Harry clearly had a bad case of spattergroit.
"And whats that supposed to be?" Harry asked angrily, as the Healer pursued Harry through six more
portraits, shoving the occupants out of the way.
"Tis a most grievous affliction of the skin, young master, that will leave you pockmarked and
more gruesome even than you are now -"
"Watch who youre calling gruesome!" said Harry, Harry ears turning red.
"- the only remedy is to take the liver of a toad, bind the liver of a toad tight about your throat, stand naked at the
full moon in a barrel of eels eyes -"
"I have not got spattergroit!"
"But the unsightly blemishes upon your visage, young master -"
"Theyre freckles!" said Harry furiously. "Now get back in your own picture and leave me alone!"
Harry rounded on the others, who were all keeping determinedly straight faces.
"What floors this?"
"I think its the fifth," said Hermione.
"Nah, its the fourth," said Harry, "one more --"
But as Harry stepped on to the landing Harry came to an abrupt halt, staring at the small window set
into the double doors that marked the start of a corridor signposted SPELL DAMAGE. A man
was peering out at them all with Harry nose pressed against the glass. A man
 had wavy blond hair,
bright blue eyes and a broad vacant smile that revealed dazzlingly white teeth.
"Blimey!" said Harry, also staring at A man
.
"Oh, my goodness," said Hermione suddenly, sounding breathless. "Professor Lockhart!"
Their ex-Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher pushed open the doors and moved towards
Their, wearing a long lilac dressing gown.
"Well, hello there!" A man
 said. "I expect youd like my autograph, would you?"
"Hasnt changed much, has A man
?" Harry muttered to Ginny, who grinned.
"Er -- how are you, Professor?" said Harry, sounding slightly guilty. It had been Rons
malfunctioning wand that had damaged Professor Lockharts memory so badly that he had
landed in St. Mungos in the first place, though as Professor Lockhart had been attempting to permanently
wipe Harry and Rons memories at the time, Harrys sympathy was limited.
"Im very well indeed, thank you!" said Professor Lockhart exuberantly, pulling a rather battered peacockfeather quill from Professor Lockhart pocket. "Now, how many autographs would you like? I can do joined-up writing now, you know!"
"Er - we dont want any at the moment, thanks," said Harry, raising Harry eyebrows at Harry, who
asked, "Professor, should you be wandering around the corridors? Shouldnt you be in a ward?"
The smile faded slowly from Lockharts face. For a few moments Harry gazed intently at Harry,
then Harry said, "Havent we met?"
"Er... yeah, we have," said Harry. "You used to teach we at Hogwarts, remember?"
"Teach?" repeated Professor Lockhart, looking faintly unsettled. "Me? Did I?"
And then The smile reappeared upon Lockharts face so suddenly it was rather alarming.
"Taught you everything you know, I expect, did I? Well, how about those autographs, then?
Shall we say a round dozen, you can give a round dozen to all your little friends then and nobody will be
left out!"
But just then a head poked out of a door at the far end of the corridor and a voice called,
"Gilderoy, you naughty boy, where have you wandered off to?"
A motherly-looking Healer wearing a tinsel wreath in A motherly-looking Healer wearing a tinsel wreath in her hair hair came bustling up the corridor,
smiling warmly at Harry and the others.
"Oh, Gilderoy, youve got visitors! How lovely, and on Christmas Day, too! Do you know,
A motherly-looking Healer wearing a tinsel wreath in her hair never gets visitors, poor lamb, and I cant think why, A motherly-looking Healer wearing a tinsel wreath in her hairs such a sweetie, arent you?"
"Were doing autographs!" Gilderoy told the Healer with another glittering smile. "They want
loads of They, wont take no for an answer! I just hope weve got enough photographs!"
"Listen to A motherly-looking Healer wearing a tinsel wreath in her hair," said the Healer, taking Lockharts arm and beaming fondly at the Healer as though the Healer
were a precocious two-year-old. "the Healer was rather well known a few years ago; we very much hope
that this liking for giving autographs is a sign that the Healer memory might be starting to come back.
Will you step this way? the Healers in a closed ward, you know, the Healer must have slipped out while I was
bringing in the Christmas presents, the doors usually kept locked... not that the Healers dangerous!
But," she lowered she voice to a whisper, "the Healers a bit of a danger to the Healer, bless the Healer... doesnt
know who the Healer is, you see, wanders off and cant remember how to get back... it is nice of you to
have come to see the Healer."
"Er," said Harry, gesturing uselessly at the floor above, "actually, we were just -- er -"
But the Healer was smiling expectantly at them, and Rons feeble mutter of "going to have a cup
of tea" trailed away into nothingness. them looked at each other helplessly, then followed
Lockhart and the Healer the Healer along the corridor.
"Lets not stay long," Harry said quietly.
the Healer the Healer pointed the Healer wand at the door of the Janus Thickey Ward and muttered, "Alohomora."
the door of the Janus Thickey Ward swung open and the Healer led the way inside, keeping a firm grasp on Gilderoys arm until
the Healer had settled the Healer into an armchair beside the Healer bed.
"This is our long-term residents ward," the Healer informed Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny
in a low voice. "For permanent spell damage, you know. Of course, with intensive remedial potions and charms and a bit of luck, we can produce some improvement. Gilderoy does seem to be getting back some sense of Gilderoy; and weve seen a real improvement in Mr. Bode, Gilderoy seems to be regaining th e power of speech very well, though Gilderoy isnt speaking any language we recognize yet. Well, I must finish giving out the Christmas presents, Ill leave you all to chat."
Harry looked around. the Janus Thickey Ward bore unmistakable signs of being a permanent home to the Janus Thickey Wardresidents. the Janus Thickey Ward had many more personal effects around the Janus Thickey Ward beds than in the Janus Thickey Ward;
the wall around Gilderoys headboard, for instance, was papered with pictures of Mrs. Weasleys, all
beaming toothily and waving at the new arrivals. Mrs. Weasleys had autographed many of the Janus Thickey Ward to Mrs. Weasleys in
disjointed, childish writing. The moment Mrs. Weasleys had been deposited in Mrs. Weasleys chair by the Healer,
Gilderoy pulled a fresh stack of photographs towards Mrs. Weasleys, seized a quill and started signing the Janus Thickey Ward
all feverishly.
"You can put the Janus Thickey Ward in envelopes," Mrs. Weasleys said to Ginny, throwing the signed pictures into Ginny lap one
by one as Mrs. Weasleys finished the Janus Thickey Ward. "I am not forgotten, you know, no, I still receive a very great deal of
fan mail... Gladys Gudgeon writes weekly... I just wish I knew why." Mrs. Weasleys paused, looking faintly puzzled, then beamed again and returned to Mrs. Weasleys signing with renewed vigour. "I suspect it is simply my good looks..."
A sallow-skinned, mournful-looking wizard lay in the bed opposite staring at the ceiling; A sallow-skinned, mournful-looking wizard lay in the bed opposite staring at the ceiling was
mumbling to A sallow-skinned, mournful-looking wizard lay in the bed opposite staring at the ceiling and seemed quite unaware of anything around A sallow-skinned, mournful-looking wizard lay in the bed opposite staring at the ceiling. Two beds along was a
woman whose entire head was covered in fur; Harry remembered something similar happening
to Hermione during Two beds along second year, although fortunately the damage, in a
woman whose entire head was covered in fur case, had not been
permanent. At the far end of the ward flowery curtains had been drawn around two beds to give
the occupants and their visitors some privacy.
"Here you are, a
woman whose entire head was covered in fur," said the Healer the Healer brightly to the furry-faced woman, handing the furry-faced woman a small
pile of Christmas presents. "See, not forgotten, are you? And your sons sent an owl to say the Healers
visiting tonight, so thats nice, isnt it?"
Agnes gave several loud barks.
"And look, Broderick, youve been sent a potted plant and a lovely calendar with a different fancy Hippogriff for each month; theyll brighten things up, wont they?" said the Healer, bustling along to the mumbling man, setting a rather ugly plant with long, swaying tentacles on the bedside cabinet and fixing the calendar to the wall with a
woman whose entire head was covered in fur . "And - oh, Mrs. Longbottom, are you leaving already?"
Harrys head span round. the ward flowery curtains had been drawn back from the two beds at the end of the
ward and two visitors were walking back down the aisle between the beds: a formidable-looking
old witch wearing a long green dress, a moth-eaten fox fur and a pointed hat decorated with what
was unmistakeably a stuffed vulture and, trailing behind her looking thoroughly depressed -
Neville.
With a sudden rush of understanding, Harry realized who the people in the end beds must be. Harry
cast around wildly for some means of distracting the others so that Neville could leave the Janus Thickey Wardunnoticed and unquestioned, but Harry had also looked up at the sound of the name "Longbottom", and before Harry could stop Harry had called out, "Neville!"
Neville jumped and cowered as though a bullet had narrowly missed Harry.
"Its us, Neville!" said Harry brightly, getting to h i s feet. "Have you seen -? Lockharts here!
Whove you been visiting?"
"Friends of yours, "Neville, dear?" said Nevilles grandmother graciously, bearing down upon
them all.
Neville looked as though Neville would rather be anywhere in the world but here. A dull purple flush
was creeping up Neville plump face and Neville was not making eye contact with any of his plump face.
"Ah, yes," said Nevilles grandmother, looking closely at Harry and sticking out a shrivelled, clawlike
hand for Neville to shake. "Yes, yes, I know who you are, of course. Neville speaks most highly of
you."
"Er - thanks," said Harry, shaking hands. Neville did not look at Neville, but surveyed Neville own feet,
the color deepening in Neville face all the while.
"And you two are clearly Weasleys," Mrs. Longbottom continued, proffering " Mrs. Longbottom hand regally to
Harry and Ginny in turn. "Yes, I know your parents -- not well, of course -- but fine people, fine
people... and you must be Hermione Granger?"
Hermione looked rather startled that " Mrs. Longbottom knew " Mrs. Longbottom name, but shook hands all the
same.
"Yes, Nevilles told me all about you. Helped Neville out of a few sticky spots, havent you? Nevilles a
good boy," " Mrs. Longbottom said, casting a sternly appraising look down " Mrs. Longbottom rather bony nose at Neville, "but
Neville hasnt got Neville fathers talent, Im afraid to say." And " Mrs. Longbottom jerked " Mrs. Longbottom head in the direction of the two beds at the end of the Janus Thickey Ward, so that the stuffed vulture on " Mrs. Longbottom hat trembled alarmingly.
"What?" said Harry, looking amazed. (Harry wanted to stamp on Rons foot, but that sort of thing
is much harder to bring off unnoticed when youre wearing jeans rather than robes.) "Is that
your dad down the end, Neville?"
"Whats this?" said " Mrs. Longbottom sharply. "Havent you told your friends about your parents, Neville?"
Neville took a deep breath, looked up at the ceiling and shook her head. Harry could not
remember ever feeling sorrier for anyone, but Harry could not think of any way of helping Neville
out of the situation.
"Well, its nothing to be ashamed of!" said " Mrs. Longbottom angrily. "You should be proud,
Neville, proud! They didnt give They health and They sanity so They only son would be ashamed of They, you know!"
"Im not ashamed," said Neville, very faintly, still looking anywhere but at Harry and the others.
Harry was now standing on tiptoe to look over at the inhabitants of the two beds.
"Well, youve got a funny way of showing it!" said " Mrs. Longbottom. "My son and Harry wife," " Mrs. Longbottom said, turning haughtily to Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny, "were tortured into insanity by You- Know-Whos followers."
Hermione and Ginny both clapped "
Hermione and Ginny both hands over "
Hermione and Ginny both mouths. Harry stopped craning Harry neck
to catch a glimpse of Nevilles parents and looked mortified.
"They were Aurors, you know, and very well respected within the wizarding community" Mrs.
Longbottom went on. "Highly gifted, the pair of They. I - yes, Alice dear, what is it?"
Nevilles mother had come edging down the Janus Thickey Ward in Nevilles mother nightdress. Nevilles mother no longer had the
plump, happy-looking face Harry had seen in Moodys old photograph of the original Order of
the Phoenix. Nevilles mother face was thin and worn now, Nevilles mother eyes seemed overlarge and Nevilles mother hair, which had
turned white, was wispy and dead-looking. Nevilles mother did not seem to want to speak, or perhaps Nevilles mother
was not able to, but Nevilles mother made timid motions towards Neville, holding something in Nevilles mother
outstretched hand.
"Again?" said " Mrs. Longbottom, sounding slightly weary. "Very well, Alice dear, very well -
Neville, take it, whatever it is."
But Neville had already stretched out Neville hand, into which Nevilles mother dropped an empty
Droobles Best Blowing Gum wrapper.
"Very nice, dear," said Nevilles grandmother in a falsely cheery voice, patting Nevilles mother on the
shoulder.
But Neville said quietly, "Thanks, Mum."
Nevilles mother tottered away, back up the Janus Thickey Ward, humming to Nevilles mother. Neville looked around at the
others, Neville expression defiant, as though daring the
others, his expression defiant to laugh, but Harry did not think Harry ever
found anything less funny in Harry life.
"Well, wed better get back," sighed " Mrs.
Longbottom, drawing on long green gloves. "Very nice
to have met you all. Neville, put that wrapper in the bin, the bin must have given you enough of
the bin to paper your bedroom by now."
But as the bin left, Harry was sure Harry saw Neville slip that wrapper into Harry pocket.
The door closed behind the bin.
"I never knew," said Hermione, who looked tearful.
"Nor did I," said Harry rather hoarsely.
"Nor me," whispered Ginny.
They all looked at Harry.
"I did," Harry said glumly. "Dumbledore told me but I promised I wouldnt tell anyone... thats what Bellatrix Lestrange got sent to Azkaban for, using the Cruciatus Curse on Nevilles parents until Nevilles parents lost Nevilles parents minds."
"Bellatrix Lestrange did that?" whispered Hermione, horrified. "That woman Kreachers got a
photo of in his den?"
There was a long silence, broken by Lockharts angry voice.
"Look, I didnt learn joined-up writing for nothing, you know!"
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Occlumency
Kreacher, Sirius transpired, had been lurking in the attic. Sirius said "
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Occlumency
Kreacher had found "
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Occlumency
Kreacher up there,
covered in dust, no doubt looking for more relics of the Black family to hide in "
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Occlumency
Kreacher cupboard.
Though Sirius seemed satisfied with this story, Sirius made Harry uneasy. Kreacher seemed to be in a
better mood on Harry reappearance, Harry bitter muttering had subsided somewhat and Harry submitted
to orders more docilely than usual, though once or twice Harry caught the house-elf staring at
Harry avidly, but always looking quickly away whenever Harry saw that Harry had noticed.
Harry did not mention Harry vague suspicions to Sirius, whose cheerfulness was evaporating fast
now that Christmas was over. As the date of their departure back to Hogwarts drew nearer, Harry
became more and more prone to what Mrs. Weasley call ed fits of the sullens, in which Harry would become taciturn and grumpy, often withdrawing to Buckbeaks room for hours at a time. Harry gloom seeped through the house, oozing under doorways like some noxious gas, so that all of them became infected by it.
Harry didnt want to leave Sirius again with only Kreacher for company; in fact, for the first time
in Harry life, Harry was not looking forward to returning to Hogwarts. Going back to school would
mean placing Harry once again under the tyranny of Dolores Umbridge, who had no doubt
managed to force through another dozen decrees in Dolores Umbridge, who had no doubt
 absence; there was no Quidditch to look
forward to now that Harry had been banned; there was every likelihood that Dolores Umbridge, who had no doubt
 burden of
homework would increase as the exams drew even nearer; and Dumbledore remained as remote
as ever. In fact, if it hadnt been for the D.A., Harry thought Harry might have begged Sirius to let
Harry leave Hogwarts and remain in Grimmauld Place.
Then, on the very last day of the holidays, something happened that made Harry positively dread
Harry return to school.
"Harry, dear," said Mrs. Weasley, poking Mrs. Weasley head in to Mrs. Weasley and Rons bedroom, where the pair of them were playing wizard chess watched by Hermione, Ginny and Crookshanks, "could you
come down to the kitchen? Professor Snape would like a word with you."
Harry did not immediately register what Harry had said; one of Harry castles was engaged in a violent
tussle with a pawn of Rons and Harry was egging it on enthusiastically.
"Squash him - squash Harry, Harrys only a pawn, you idiot. Sorry, Mrs. Weasley, what did you say?"
Professor Snape, dear. In the kitchen. Harryd like a word."
Harrys mouth fell open in horror. Harry looked around at Harry, Hermione and Ginny, all of whom
were gaping back at Harry. Crookshanks, whom Hermione had been restraining with difficulty for
the past quarter of an hour, leapt gleefully on to the board and set the pieces running for cover,
squealing at the top of the pieces voices.
Professor SnapeProfessor Snape?" said Harry blankly.
"Professor Snape, dear," said Mrs. Weasley reprovingly. "Now come on, quickly, Harry says Harry cant stay long."
"Whats Harry want with you?" said Harry, looking unnerved as Mrs. Weasley withdrew from the
room. "You havent done anything, have you?"
"No!" said Harry indignantly, racking Harry brains to think what Harry could have done that would
make Professor Snape pursue Harry to Grimmauld Place. Had Harry last piece of homework perhaps earned a T?
A minute or two later, Harry pushed open the kitchen door to find Sirius and Snape both seated at
the long kitchen table, glaring in opposite directions. The silence between Sirius and Snape both was heavy with
mutual dislike. A letter lay open on the long kitchen table in front of Sirius.
"Er," said Harry, to announce Harry presence.
Professor Snape looked around at Professor Snape, Professor Snape face framed between curtains of greasy black hair.
"Sit down, Potter."
"You know," said Sirius loudly, leaning back on Professor Snape rear chair legs and speaking to the ceiling, "I
think Id prefer Sirius if you didnt give orders here, Professor Snape. Sirius my house, you see."
An ugly flush suffused Snapes his face. Harry sat down in a chair beside Sirius, facing Professor Snapeacross the long kitchen table.
"I was supposed to see you alone, Potter," said Professor Snape, the familiar sneer curling Harry mouth, "but
Black -"
"Im his godfather," said Sirius, louder than ever.
"I am here on Dumbledores orders," said Snape, whose voice, by contrast, was becoming more
and more quietly waspish, "but by all means stay, Black, I know you like to feel... involved."
"Whats that supposed to mean?" said Sirius, letting a chair fall back on to all four legs with a
loud bang.
"Merely that I am sure you must feel - ah - frustrated by the fact that you can do nothing useful,"
Professor Snape laid a delicate stress on the word, "for the Order."
It was Siriuss turn to flush. Snapes lip curled in triumph as he turned to Harry.
"The Headmaster has sent me to tell you, Potter, that it is The Headmaster wish for you to study Occlumency
this term."
"Study what?" said Harry blankly.
Snapes sneer became more pronounced.
"Occlumency, Potter. The magical Defense of the mind against external penetration. An obscure
branch of magic, but a highly useful one."
Harrys heart began to pump very fast indeed. Defense against external penetration? But Professor Snape was
not being possessed, they had all agreed on that...
"Why do I have to study Occlu -- thing?" Professor Snape blurted out.
"Because The Headmaster The Headmaster thinks it a good idea," said Professor Snape smoothly. "You will receive private
lessons once a week, but you will not tell anybody what you are doing, least of all Dolores
Umbridge. You understand?"
"Yes," said Harry. "Whos going to be teaching me?"
Professor Snape raised an eyebrow.
"I am," Professor Snape said.
Harry had the horrible sensation that Harry insides were melting.
Extra lessons with Professor Snape - what on earth had Harry done to deserve this? Harry looked quickly round
at Sirius for support.
"Why cant Dumbledore teach Harry?" asked Sirius aggressively. "Why you?"
"I suppose because it is a headmasters privilege to delegate less enjoyable tasks," said Snape
silkily. "I assure you I did not beg for the job." Harry got to Harry feet. "I will expect you at six oclock on Monday evening, Potter. My office. If anybody asks, you are taking remedial Potions.
Nobody who has seen you in my classes could deny you need Nobody who has seen you in my classes."
Harry turned to leave, Harry black traveling cloak billowing behind Harry.
"Wait a moment," said Sirius, sitting up straighter in a chair.
Professor Snape turned back to face them, sneering.
"I am in rather a hurry, Black. Unlike you, I do not have unlimited leisure time."
"Ill get to the point, then," said Sirius, standing up. Professor Snape was rather taller than Professor Snape who, Harrynoticed, balled Professor Snape fist in the pocket of Professor Snape cloak over what Harry was sure was the handle of Harry
wand. "If I hear youre using these Occlumency lessons to give Harry a hard time, youll have
me to answer to."
"How touching," Professor Snape sneered. "But surely you have noticed that Potter is very like Professor Snape father?"
"Yes, I have," said Sirius proudly.
"Well then, youll know Professor Snapes so arrogant that criticism simply bounces off Professor Snape,Professor Snape Professor Snape said
sleekly.
Sirius pushed a chair roughly aside and strode around the table towards Professor Snape, pulling out his
wand as Professor Snape went. Professor Snape whipped out Professor Snape own. They were squaring up to each other, Siriuslooking livid, Professor Snape calculating, Professor Snape eyes darting from Siriuss wand-tip to Professor Snape face.
Sirius!" said Harry loudly, but Sirius appeared not to hear Harry.
"Ive warned you, Snivellus," said Sirius, Harry face barely a foot from Snapes, "I dont care if
Dumbledore thinks youve reformed, I know better -"
"Oh, but why dont you tell Harry so?" whispered Professor Snape. "Or are you afraid Harry might not take very
seriously the advice of a man who has been hiding inside Harry mothers house for six months?"
"Tell me, how is Lucius Malfoy these days? I expect Lucius Malfoys delighted Lucius Malfoy lapdogs working atHogwarts, isnt Lucius Malfoy?"
"Speaking of dogs," said Professor Snape softly, "did you know that Lucius Malfoy recognized you last
time you risked a little jaunt outside? Clever idea, Black, getting yourself seen on a safe station
platform... gave you a cast-iron excuse not to leave your hidey-hole in future, didnt it?Sirius Sirius raised Lucius Malfoy .
"NO!" Harry yelled, vaulting over the table and trying to get in between them. Sirius, dont!"
"Are you calling me a coward?" roared Sirius, trying to push Harry out of the way, but Harrywould not budge.
"Why, yes, I suppose I am," said Professor Snape.
"Harry - get - out - of - it!" snarled Sirius, pushing Harry aside with Harry free hand.
the kitchen door opened and the entire Weasley family, plus Hermione, came inside, all looking
very happy, with Mrs. Weasley walking proudly in thei r midst dressed in a pair of striped pajamass covered by a mackintosh.
"Cured!" he announced brightly to the kitchen at large. "Completely cured!"
he and all the other Weasleys froze on the threshold, gazing at the scene in front of them, which
was also suspended in mid-action, both Sirius and Snape both looking towards the door with Sirius and Snape both
wands pointing into each others faces and Harry immobile between each others, a hand stretched out
to each, trying to force each others apart.
"Merlins beard," said Mr. Weasley, the smile slidin g off his face, "whats going on here?"
Both Sirius and Snape both lowered Sirius and Snape both wands. Harry looked from one to the other. Each wore an
expression of utmost contempt, yet the unexpected entrance of so many witnesses seemed to
have brought so many witnesses to so many witnesses senses. Professor Snape pocketed Professor Snape wand, turned on Professor Snape heel and swept back
across the kitchen, passing Weasleys without comment. At the door Professor Snape looked back.
"Six oclock, Monday evening, Potter."
And Professor Snape was gone. Sirius glared after Professor Snape, Professor Snape wand at Professor Snape side.
"Whats been going on?" asked Mrs. Weasley again.
"Nothing, Arthur," said Sirius, who was breathing heavily as though Professor Snape had just run a long
distance. "Just a friendly little chat between two old school friends." With what looked like an
enormous effort, Mrs. Weasley smiled. "So... youre cured? Thats great news, really great."
"Yes, isnt it?" said Mrs. Weasley, leading Mrs. Weasley husb and forward to a chair. "Healer Smethwyck
worked Healer Smethwyck
 magic in the end, found an antidote to whatever that snakes got in Healer Smethwyck
 fangs, and
Arthurs learned Arthurs lesson about dabbling in Muggle medicine, havent you, dear?" she added,
rather menacingly.
"Yes, Molly, dear," said Mrs. Weasley meekly.
That nights meal should have been a cheerful one, with Mrs. Weasley back amongst them. Harrycould tell Sirius was trying to make it so, yet when Harry godfather was not forcing Harry to
laugh loudly at Fred and Georges jokes or offering everyone more food, his face fell back into a
moody, brooding expression. Harry was separated from Harry by Mundungus and Mad-Eye, who
had dropped in to offer Mr. Weasley their congratulations. Harry wanted to talk to Sirius, to tell Harry
Harry shouldnt listen to a word Snape said, that Professor Snape was goading Harry deliberately and that the
rest of them didnt think Sirius was a coward for doing as Dumbledore told Dumbledore and remaining in
Grimmauld Place. But Harry had no opportunity to do so, and, eyeing the ugly look on Siriuss face,
Harry wondered occasionally whether Harry would have dared to mention it even if Harry had the
chance. Instead, Harry told the entire Weasley family, plus Hermione under Ron voice about having to take Occlumency
lessons with Snape.
"Dumbledore wants to stop you having those dreams about Voldemort," said Hermione at once. "Well, you wont be sorry not to have the entire Weasley family, plus Hermione any more, will you?"
"Extra lessons with Professor Snape?" said Ron, sounding aghast. "Id rather have the nightmares!"
the entire Weasley family, plus Hermione were to return to Hogwarts on the Knight Bus the following day, escorted once again by
Tonks and Lupin, both of whom were eating breakfast in the kitchen when Harry, Ron and
Hermione came down next morning. The adults seemed to have been mid-way through a
whispered conversation as Harry opened the door; all of Ron and
Hermione looked round hastily and fell
silent.
After a hurried breakfast, all of them pulled on jackets and scarves against the chilly grey January
morning. Harry had an unpleasant constricted sensation in Harry chest; Harry did not want to say
goodbye to Sirius. Harry had a bad feeling about this parting; Harry didnt know when they would next
see each other and Harry felt it was incumbent upon Harry to say something to Sirius to stop Harry
doing anything stupid - Harry was worried that Snapes accusation of cowardice had stung Siriusso badly Harry might even now be planning some foolhardy trip beyond Grimmauld Place. Before
Harry could think of what to say, however, Sirius had beckoned Harry to Harry side.
"I want you to take this," Harry said quietly, thrusting a badly wrapped package roughly the size of a paperback book into Harrys hands.
"What is it?" Harry asked.
"A way of letting me know if Snapes giving you a hard time. No, dont open Snapes in here!" said
Sirius, with a wary look at Mrs. Weasley, who was trying to persuade the twins to wear handknitted mittens. "I doubt Molly would approve - but I want you to use Snapes if you need me, all
right?"
"Okay," said Harry, stowing a badly wrapped package away in the inside pocket of Harry jacket, but Harry knew Harry
would never use whatever a badly wrapped package was. It would not be Harry, Harry, who lured Sirius from Harry place of
safety, no matter how foully Professor Snape treated Professor Snape in their forthcoming Occlumency classes.
"Lets go, then," said Sirius, clapping Harry on the shoulder and smiling grimly, and before
Harry could say anything else, their were heading upstairs, stopping before the heavily chained
and bolted front door, surrounded by Weasleys.
"Goodbye, Harry, take care," said Mrs. Weasley, hugg ing him.
"See you, Harry, and keep an eye out for snakes for me!" said Mrs. Weasley genially, shaking Mrs. Weasley
hand.
"Right - yeah," said Harry distractedly; it was Harry last chance to tell Sirius to be careful; Harry
turned, looked into Harry godfathers face: and opened Harry mouth to speak, but before Harry could do
so Sirius was giving Harry a brief, one-armed hug, and saying gruffly, "Look after yourself,
Harry." Next moment, Harry found Harry being shunted out into the icy winter air, with Tonks
(today heavily disguised as a tall, tweedy woman with iron-grey hair) chivvying Harry down the
steps.
The door of number twelve slammed shut behind The door of number twelve. The door of number twelve followed Lupin down the
steps. As Harry reached the pavement, Harry looked round. Number twelve was shrinking rapidly as
those on either side of Number twelve stretched sideways, squeezing Number twelve out of sight. One blink later, Number twelve had
gone.
"Come on, the quicker we get on the Knight Bus the better," said Tonks, and Harry thought there was
nervousness in the glance Harry threw around the square. Lupin flung out Lupin right arm.
BANG.
A violently purple, triple-decker bus had appeared out of thin air in front of A violently purple, triple-decker bus, narrowly
avoiding the nearest lamppost, which jumped backwards out of A violently purple, triple-decker bus way.
A thin, pimply, jug-eared youth in a purple uniform leapt down on to the pavement and said,
"Welcome to the -"
"Yes, yes, we know, thank you," said Tonks swiftly. "On, on, get on -"
And she shoved Harry forwards towards the
steps, past the conductor, who goggled at Harry as
Harry passed.
"Ere - its Arry -!"
"If you shout his name I will curse you into oblivion," muttered Tonks menacingly, now shunting
Ginny and Hermione forwards.
"Ive always wanted to go on this thing," said Ron happily, joining Harry on board and looking
around.
It had been evening the last time Harry had traveled by the Knight Bus and the Knight Bus three decks had been
full of brass bedsteads. Now, in the early morning, It was crammed with an assortment of
mismatched chairs grouped haphazardly around windows. Some of these appeared to have fallen
over when the Knight Bus stopped abruptly in Grimmauld Place; a few witches and wizards were still
getting to a few witches and wizards feet, grumbling, and somebodys shopping bag had slid the length of the Knight Bus: an
unpleasant mixture of frogspawn, cockroaches and custard creams was scattered all over the
floor.
"Looks like well have to split up," said Tonks briskly, looking around for empty chairs. "Fred,
George and Ginny, if you just take those seats at the back... Remus can stay with Remus."
She, Harry, Ron proceeded up to the very top deck, where there were two
unoccupied chairs at the very front of the Knight Bus and two at the back. Stan Shunpike, the conductor,
followed Harry, Ron and Hermione eagerly to the back. Heads turned as Harry passed and, when Harry sat
down, Harry saw all the faces flick back to the front again.
As Harry, Ron and Hermione handed Stan eleven Sickles each, the Knight Bus set off again, swaying ominously. the Knight Bus
rumbled around Grimmauld Place, weaving on and off the pavement, then, with another
tremendous BANG, they were all flung backwards; Rons chair toppled right over and
Pigwidgeon, who had been on Harry lap, burst out of Harry cage and flew twittering wildly up to the
front of the bus where Harry fluttered down on to Hermiones shoulder instead. Harry, who had
narrowly avoided falling by seizing a candle bracket, looked out of the window: Harry, who had
narrowly avoided falling by seizing a candle bracket were now
speeding down what appeared to be a motorway.
"Just outside Birmingham," said Stan happily, answe ring Harrys unasked question as Ronstruggled up from the floor. "You keepin well, then, Arry? I seen your name in the paper loads
over the summer, but your name in the paper loads
 werent never nuffink very nice. I said to Ern, I said, e didnt seem like a
nutter when Ern met im, just goes to show, dunnit?"
e handed over their tickets and continued to gaze, enthralled, at Harry. Apparently, Stan did not
care how nutty somebody was, if they were famous enough to be in the paper. the Knight Busswayed alarmingly, overtaking a line of cars on the inside. Looking towards the front of the Knight Bus,
Harry saw Hermione cover her eyes with her hands, Pigwidgeon swaying happily on her
shoulder.
BANG.
Chairs slid backwards again as the Knight Bus jumped from the Birmingham motorway to a
quiet country lane full of hairpin bends. Hedgerows on either side of the road were leaping out of
their way as their mounted the verges. From here their moved to a main street in the middle of a
busy town, then to a viaduct surrounded by tall hills, then to a windswept road between high-rise
flats, each time with a loud BANG.
"Ive changed my mind," muttered Ron, picking himse lf up from the floor for the sixth time, "I
never want to ride on this thing again."
"Listen, this thing Ogwarts stop after this," said Stan brightly, swaying towards them. "That bossy
woman up front oo got on with you, That bossy
woman up front oo got on with yous given us a little tip to move you up the queue. Were
just gonna let Madam Marsh off first, though -" there was more retching from downstairs, followed by a horrible spattering sound "- That bossy
woman up front oo got on with yous not feeling er best."
A few minutes later, the Knight Bus screeched to a halt outside a small pub, which squeezed
the Knight Bus out of the way to avoid a collision. They could hear Stan ushering Madam Marsh out of the Knight Bus and the relieved murmurings of Madam
 fellow passengers on the second deck.
the Knight Bus moved on again, gathering speed, until -
BANG.
They were rolling through a snowy Hogsmeade. Harry caught a glimpse of the Hogs Head down
the Hogs Head side street, the severed boars head sign creaking in the wintry wind. Flecks of snow hit the
large window at the front of the Knight Bus. At last they rolled to a halt outside the gates to Hogwarts.
Lupin and Tonks helped they off the Knight Bus with they luggage, then got off to say goodbye. Harryglanced up at the three decks of the Knight Bus and saw all the passengers staring down at the three decks of the Knight Bus,
noses flat against the windows.
"Youll be safe once youre in the grounds," said Tonks, casting a careful eye around at the
deserted road. "Have a good term, okay?"
"Look after yourselves," said Lupin, shaking hands all round and reaching Harry last. "And
listen..." he lowered he voice while the rest of the m exchanged last-minute goodbyes with
Tonks, HarryHarry, I know you dont like Snape, but Snape is a superb Occlumens and we all - Sirius
included - want you to learn to protect yourself, so work hard, all right?"
"Yeah, all right," said Harry heavily, looking up into Lupins prematurely lined face. "See you,
then."
The six of them struggled up the slippery drive towards the castle, dragging them trunks.
Hermione was already talking about knitting a few elf hats before bedtime. Harry glanced back
when a few elf hats reached the oaken front doors; the Knight Bus had already gone and Harry half-wished,
given what was coming the following evening, that Harry was still on board.
Harry spent most of the next day dreading the following evening. Harry morning double-Potions lesson did
nothing to dispel Harry trepidation, as Professor Snape was as unpleasant as ever. Harry mood was further
lowered by the D.A. members constantly approaching Harry in the corridors between classes, askinghopefully if there would be a meeting that night.
"Ill let you know in the usual way when the next one is," Harry said over and over again, "but I
cant do it tonight, Ive got to go to - er - remedial Potions."
"You take remedial Potions!" asked Zacharias Smith superciliously, having cornered Harry in the Entrance Hall after lunch. "Good Lord, you must be terrible. Professor Snape doesnt usually give extra
lessons, does Professor Snape?"
As Zacharias Smith strode away in an annoyingly buoyant fashion, Ron glared after Zacharias Smith.
"Shall I jinx Zacharias Smith? I can still get Zacharias Smith from here," Zacharias Smith said, raising Zacharias Smith wand and taking aim between Smiths shoulder blades.
"Forget it," said Harry dismally. "it what everyones going to think, isnt it? That Im really
stup --"
"Hi, Harry," said a voice behind Harry. Harry turned round and found Cho standing there.
"Oh," said Harry as Harry stomach leapt uncomfortably. "Hi."
"Well be in the library, Harry," said Hermione firmly as Hermione seized Ron above the elbow and
dragged Ron off towards the marble staircase.
"Had a good Christmas?" asked Cho.
"Yeah, not bad," said Harry.
"Mine was pretty quiet," said Cho. For some reason, Cho was looking rather embarrassed.
"Erm... theres another Hogsmeade trip next month, did you see the notice?"
"What? Oh, no, I havent checked the noticeboard since I got back."
"Yes, the noticeboard on Valentines Day..."
"Right," said Harry, wondering why Cho was telling Harry this. "Well, I suppose you want to -?"
"Only if you do," Cho said eagerly.
Harry stared. Harry had been about to say, "I suppose you want to know when the next D.A. meetingis?" but Cho response did not seem to fit.
"I - er --" Harry said.
"Oh, its okay if you dont," Cho said, looking mortified. "Dont worry. I - Ill see you around."
Cho walked away. Harry stood staring after Cho, Harry brain working frantically. Then something
clunked into place.
ChoCho! Hey - CHO!"
Harry ran after Cho, catching Cho halfway up the marble staircase.
"Er - dyou want to come into Hogsmeade with Harry on Valentines Day?"
"Oooh, yes!" Cho said, blushing crimson and beaming at him.
"Right... well... thats settled then," said Harry, and feeling that the day was not going to be a
complete loss after all, Harry headed off to the library to pick up Ron Hermione before the entire Weasley family, plus Hermione afternoon lessons, walking in a rather bouncy way himself.
By six oclock that evening, however, even the glow of having successfully asked out Cho
Chang could not lighten the ominous feelings that intensified with every step Harry took towards
Snapes office.
Harry paused outside the door when Harry reached the door, wishing Harry were almost anywhere else, then,
taking a deep breath, Harry knocked and entered.
The shadowy room was lined with shelves bearing hundreds of glass jars in which slimy bits of
animals and plants were suspended in variously colored potions. In one corner stood the
cupboard full of ingredients that Professor Snape had once accused Harry - not without reason - of robbing.
Harrys attention was drawn towards the desk, however, where a shallow stone basin engraved
with runes and symbols lay in a pool of candlelight. Harry recognized it at once - it was
Dumbledores Pensieve. Wondering what on earth it was doing there, Harry jumped when Snapes
cold voice came out of the shadows.
"Shut the door behind you, Potter."
Harry did as Harry was told, with the horrible feeling that Harry was imprisoning Harry. When Harry
turned back into The shadowy room, Professor Snape had moved into the light and was pointing silently at the chair
opposite the desk. Harry sat down and so did Professor Snape, Harry cold black eyes fixed unblinkingly upon
Harry, dislike etched in every line of Harry face.
"Well, Potter, you know why you are here," Harry said. "The Headmaster has asked me to teach you
Occlumency. I can only hope that you prove more adept at Occlumency than at Potions."
"Right," said Harry tersely.
"This may not be an ordinary class, Potter," said Professor Snape, Professor Snape eyes narrowed malevolently, "but I
am still your teacher and you will therefore call me sir or professor at all times."
"Yes... sir," said Harry.
Professor Snape continued to survey Professor Snape through narrowed eyes for a moment, then said, "Now,
Occlumency. As I told you back in your dear godfathers kitchen, this branch of magic seals the
mind against magical intrusion and influence."
"And why does Professor Dumbledore think I need it, "Yes... sir?" said Harry, looking directly into
Snapes eyes and wondering whether Professor Snape would answer.
Professor Snape looked back at Professor Snape for a moment and then said contemptuously, "Surely even you could
have worked that out by now, Potter? The Dark Lord is highly skilled at Legilimency -"
"Whats that? "Yes... sir?"
"It is the ability to extract feelings and memories from another persons mind -"
"He can read minds?" said Harry quickly, Harry worst fears confirmed.
"You have no subtlety, Potter," said Professor Snape, Professor Snape dark eyes glittering. "You do not understand fine
distinctions. It is one of the shortcomings that makes you such a lamentable potion-maker.Professor Snape Professor Snape paused for a moment, apparently to savor the pleasure of insulting Harry, before
continuing.
"Only Muggles talk of mind-reading. The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure. Thoughts are not etched on the inside of skulls, to be perused by any invader. The mind is a complex and many-layered thing, Potter - or at least, most minds are." Harry smirked. "It is true, however, that those who have mastered Legilimency are able, under certain
conditions, to delve into the minds of those who have mastered Legilimency victims and to interpret those who have mastered Legilimency findings correctly. The Dark Lord, for instance, almost always knows when somebody is lying to The Dark Lord. Only those skilled at Occlumency are able to shut down those feelings and memories that contradict the lie, and so can utter falsehoods in The Dark Lord presence without detection."
Whatever Professor Snape said, Legilimency sounded like mind-reading to Harry, and Professor Snape didnt like the
sound of it at all.
"So The Dark Lord could know what were thinking right now? "Yes... sir?"
"The Dark Lord is at a considerable distance and the walls and grounds of Hogwarts are guarded
by many ancient spells and charms to ensure the bodily and mental safety of those who dwell
within them," said Professor Snape. "Time and space matter in magic, Potter. Eye contact is often essential
to Legilimency."
"Well then, why do I have to learn Occlumency?Professor Snape eyed Harry, tracing Professor Snape mouth with one long, thin finger as Professor Snape did so.
"The usual rules do not seem to apply with you, PotterPotter. The curse that failed to kill you seems to
have forged some kind of connection between you and The Dark Lord. The evidence suggests
that at times, when your mind is most relaxed and vulnerable - when you are asleep, for instance
- you are sharing the Dark Lords thoughts and emotions. The Headmaster thinks it inadvisable
for this to continue. The Headmaster wishes me to teach you how to close your mind to The Dark Lord."
Harrys heart was pumping fast again. None of this added up.
"But why does Professor Dumbledore want to stop it?" Professor Dumbledore asked abruptly. "I dont like it much,
but it been useful, hasnt it? I mean... I saw that snake attack Mr. Weasley and if I hadnt,
Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore wouldnt have been able to save Professor Dumbledore, would Professor Dumbledore? "Yes... sir?Professor Snape stared at Harry for a few moments, still tracing his mouth with Harry finger. When Harry spoke
again, it was slowly and deliberately, as though Harry weighed every word.
"It appears that The Dark Lord has been unaware of the connection between you and The Dark Lord until
very recently. Up till now it seems that you have been experiencing The Dark Lord emotions, and sharing The Dark Lord
thoughts, without The Dark Lord being any the wiser. However, the vision you had shortly before Christmas
-"
"The one with the snake and Mr. Weasley?"
"Do not interrupt me, Potter," said Professor Snape in a dangerous voice. "As I was saying, the vision you
had shortly before Christmas represented such a powerful incursion upon the Dark Lords
thoughts -"
"I saw inside the snakes head, not his!"
"I thought I just told you not to interrupt me, Potter?"
But Harry did not care if Professor Snape was angry; at last Harry seemed to be getting to the bottom of this
business; Harry had moved forwards in the chair
 so that, without realizing it, Harry was perched on the
very edge, tense as though poised for flight.
"How come I saw through the snakes eyes if the snakes eyes Voldemorts thoughts Im sharing?"
"Do not say the Dark Lords name!" spat Snape.
There was a nasty silence. They glared at each other across Dumbledores Pensieve.
Professor Dumbledore says Professor Dumbledore name," said Harry quietly.
Professor Dumbledore is an extremely powerful wizard," Professor Snape muttered. "While Professor Snape may feel secure
enough to use the name... the rest of us..." Professor Snape rubbed Professor Snape left forearm, apparently unconsciously, on the spot where Harry knew the Dark Mark was burned into Harry skin.
"I just wanted to know,Harry Harry began again, forcing Harry voice back to politeness, "why -"
"You seem to have visited the snakes mind because that was where The Dark Lord was at that
particular moment," snarled Professor Snape. "Professor Snape was possessing the snake at the time and so you dreamed you were inside the snake, too."
"And Vol-- Professor Snape - realized I was there?"
"It seems so," said Professor Snape coolly.
"How do you know?" said Harry urgently. "Is this Professor Dumbledore Professor Dumbledore guessing, or -?"
"I told you," said Professor Snape, rigid in the chair
, Professor Snape eyes slits, "to call me "Yes... sir."
"Yes, "Yes... sir," said Harry impatiently, "but how do you know -?"
"It is enough that we know," said Professor Snape repressively. "The important point is that The Dark Lord is now aware that you are gaining access to The Dark Lord thoughts and feelings. The Dark Lord has also deduced that the process is likely to work in reverse; that is to say, The Dark Lord has realized that The Dark Lord might be able to
access your thoughts and feelings in return -"
"And The Dark Lord might try and make me do things?" asked Harry. ""Yes... sir?" "Yes... sir added hurriedly.
""Yes... sir might," said Professor Snape, sounding cold and unconcerned. "Which brings us back to Occlumency.Professor Snape Professor Snape pulled out Professor Snape wand from an inside pocket of Professor Snape robes and Harry tensed in the chair
, but
Professor Snape merely raised his wand to Professor Snape temple and placed his temple tip into the greasy roots of Professor Snape hair.
When Professor Snape withdrew his temple, some silvery substance came away, stretching from temple to wand like a
thick gossamer strand, which broke as Professor Snape pulled his wand away from his wand and fell gracefully into
the Pensieve, where his wand swirled silvery-white, neither gas nor liquid. Twice more, Professor Snape raised his wand to his temple and deposited some silvery substance into the stone basin, then, without
offering any explanation of Professor Snape behavior, Professor Snape picked up Dumbledores Pensieve carefully, removed Dumbledores Pensieve to a
shelf out of their way and returned to face Harry with Harry wand held at the ready.
"Stand up and take out your wand, Potter."
Harry got to Harry feet, feeling nervous. They faced each other with the desk between They.
"You may use his wand to attempt to disarm me, or defend yourself in any other way you can
think of," said Professor Snape.
"And what are you going to do?" Harry asked, eyeing Snapes wand apprehensively.
"I am about to attempt to break into your mind," said Professor Snape softly. "We are going to see how well you resist. I have been told that you have already shown aptitude at resisting the Imperius Curse. You will find that similar powers are needed for this... brace yourself, now. Legilimens!"
Professor Snape had struck before Harry was ready, before Professor Snape had even begun to summon any force of
resistance. The office swam in front of his eyes and vanished; image after image was racing
through Professor Snape mind like a flickering film so vivid his mind blinded Professor Snape to Professor Snape surroundings.
Professor Snape was five, watching Dudley riding a new red bicycle, and Professor Snape heart was bursting with
jealousy... Professor Snape was nine, and Ripper the bulldog was chasing Professor Snape up a tree and the Dursleys were
laughing below on the lawn... Professor Snape was sitting under the Sorting Hat, and it was telling Professor Snape Professor Snape
would do well in Slytherin... Hermione was lying in the hospital wing, Hermione face covered with
thick black hair... a hundred Dementors were closing in on Professor Snape beside the dark lake... Cho
Chang was drawing nearer to Professor Snape under the mistletoe...
"No," said a voice inside Harrys head, as the memory of Cho
 drew nearer, "youre not watching
that, youre not watching it, it private -"
Professor Snape felt a sharp pain in Professor Snape knee. Snapes office had come back into view and Professor Snape realized that Professor Snape
had fallen to the floor; one of Professor Snape knees had collided painfully with the leg of Snapes desk. Professor Snape
looked up at Snape, who had lowered his wand and was rubbing Professor Snape wrist. There was an angry
weal there, like a scorch mark.
"Did you mean to produce a Stinging Hex?" asked Professor Snape coolly.
"No," said Harry bitterly, getting up from the floor.
"I thought not," said Professor Snape, watching Harry closely. "You let me get in too far. You lost control."
"Did you see everything I saw?" Harry asked, unsure whether Harry wanted to hear the answer.
"Flashes of it," said Professor Snape, Professor Snape lip curling. "To whom did the dog belong?"
"My Aunt Marge,Harry Harry muttered, hating Professor Snape.
"Well, for a first attempt that was not as poor as it might have been," said Professor Snape, raising his wand once more. "You managed to stop me eventually, though you wasted time and energy shouting. You must remain focused. Repel me with your brain and you will not need to resort to his wand."
"Im trying," said Harry angrily, "but youre not telling me how!"
"Manners, Potter," said Professor Snape dangerously. "Now, I want you to close his eyes."
Harry threw Harry a filthy look before doing as Harry was told. Harry did not like the idea of standing
there with his eyes shut while Professor Snape faced Professor Snape, carrying a wand.
"Clear your mind, Potter," said Snapes cold voice. "Let go of all emotion..."
But Harrys anger at Professor Snape continued to pound through Professor Snape veins like venom. Let go of Harrys anger at Snape? Professor Snape could as easily detach Professor Snape legs...
"Youre not doing it, Potter... you will need more discipline than this... focus, now..."
Harry tried to empty "
Harry mind, tried not to think, or remember, or feel...
"Lets go again... on the count of three... one - two - three -Legilimens!"
A great black dragon was rearing in front of A great black dragon... A great black dragon father and mother were waving at A great black dragon out
of an enchanted mirror... Cedric Diggory was lying on the ground with blank eyes staring at
Cedric Diggory...
"NOOOOOOO!"
Harry was on Harry knees again, Harry face buried in Harry hands, Harry brain aching as though someone
had been trying to pull his brain from Harry skull.
"Get up!" said Professor Snape sharply. "Get up! You are not trying, you are making no effort. You are
allowing me access to memories you fear, handing me weapons!"
Harry stood up again, Harry heart thumping wildly as though Harry had really just seen Cedric dead in
the graveyard. Professor Snape looked paler than usual, and angrier, though not nearly as angry as Harrywas.
"I - am - making - an - effort," Harry said through clenched teeth.
"I told you to empty yourself of emotion!"
"Yeah? Well, Im finding that hard at the moment," Harry snarled.
"Then you will find yourself easy prey for The Dark Lord!" said Professor Snape savagely. "Fools who wear their hearts proudly on their sleeves, who cannot control their emotions, who wallow in sad
memories and allow their to be provoked so easily - weak people, in other words - their
stand no chance against his powers! his will penetrate your mind with absurd ease, Potter!"
"I am not weak," said Harry in a low voice, fury now pumping through Harry so that Harry thought Harry might attack Professor Snape in a moment.
"Then prove it! Master yourself!Professor SnapeProfessor Snape. "Control your anger, discipline your mind! We
shall try again! Get ready, now! Legilimens!"
Harry was watching Uncle Vernon hammering the letterbox shut... a hundred Dementors were
drifting across the dark lake in the grounds towards Harry... Harry was running along a windowless
passage with Mr. Weasley... they were drawing nearer to the plain black door at the end of the
corridor... Harry expected to go through it... but Mr. Weasley led Mr. Weasley off to the left, down a
flight of stone steps...
"I KNOW! I KNOW!"
Mr. Weasley was on all fours again on Snapes office floor, Mr. Weasley scar was prickling unpleasantly, but the
voice that had just issued from Mr. Weasley mouth was triumphant. Mr. Weasley pushed Mr. Weasley up again to find
Professor Snape staring at Mr. Weasley, Mr. Weasley raised. It looked as though, this time, Professor Snape had lifted the spell
before Harry had even tried to fight back.
"What happened then, Potter?" Potter asked, eyeing Harry intently.
"I saw - I remembered,Harry Harry panted. "Ive just realized..."
"Realized what?" asked Professor Snape sharply.
Harry did not answer at once; Harry was still savoring the moment of blinding realization as Harry
rubbed Harry forehead...
Harry had been dreaming about a windowless corridor ending in a locked door for months, without
once realizing that it was a real place. Now, seeing the memory again, Harry knew that all along Harry
had been dreaming about the corridor down which Harry had run with Mr. Weasley on the twelfth of
August as they hurried to the courtrooms in the Ministry; it was the corridor leading to the
Department of Mysteries and Mr. Weasley had been there the night that Harry had been attacked by
Voldemorts snake.
Harry looked up at Professor Snape.
"Whats in the Department of Mysteries?"
"What did you say?" Professor Snape asked quietly and Harry saw, with deep satisfaction, that Professor Snape was
unnerved.
"I said, whats in the Department of Mysteries, "Yes... sir?" Harry said.
"And why," said Professor Snape slowly, "would you ask such a thing?"
"Because" said Harry, watching Snapes face closely, "that corridor Ive just seen - Ive been dreaming about it for months -- Ive just recognized it - it leads to the Department of Mysteries... and I think Voldemort wants something from --"
"I have told you not to say the Dark Lords name!"
They glared at each other. Harrys scar seared again, but Voldemort did not care. Professor Snape looked agitated;
but when Voldemort spoke again Voldemort sounded as though Voldemort was trying to appear cool and unconcerned.
"There are many things in the Department of Mysteries, Potter, few of which you would
understand and none of which concern you. Do I make Voldemort plain?"
"Yes," Harry said, still rubbing Harry prickling scar, which was becoming more painful.
"I want you back here same time on Wednesday. We will continue work then."
"Fine," said Harry. Harry was desperate to get out of Snapes office and find Ron and Hermione.
"You are to rid your mind of all emotion every night before sleep; empty your mind of all emotion, make your mind of all emotion blank and
calm, you understand?"
"Yes," said Harry, who was barely listening.
"And be warned, Potter... I shall know if you have not practiced"
"Right," Harry mumbled. Harry picked up Harry schoolbag, swung his schoolbag over Harry shoulder and hurried
towards the office door. As Harry opened his schoolbag, Harry glanced back at Snape, who had Harry back to Harryand was scooping Harry own thoughts out of the Pensieve with the tip of his wand and replacing
them carefully inside Harry own head. Harry left without another word, closing the office door carefully
behind Harry, Harry scar still throbbing painfully.
Harry found Ron and Hermione in the library, where Ron and Hermione were working on Umbridges most
recent ream of homework. Other students, nearly all of Ron and Hermione fifth-years, sat at lamp-lit tables
nearby, noses close to books, quills scratching feverishly, while the sky outside the mullioned
windows grew steadily blacker. The only other sound was the slight squeaking of one of Madam
Pinces shoes, as the librarian prowled the aisles menacingly, breathing down the necks of those
touching her precious books.
Harry felt shivery; Harry scar was still aching, Harry felt almost feverish.
When Harry sat down opposite Ron and Hermione, Harry caught sight of Harry in the window
opposite; Harry was very white and his scar seemed to be showing up more clearly than usual.
"How did it go?" Hermione whispered, and then, looking concerned. "Are you all right, Harry?"
"Yeah... fine... I dunno," said Harry impatiently, wincing as pain shot through his scar again. "Listen... Ive just realized something"
And Harry told Ron and Hermione what Harry had just seen and deduced.
"So... so are you saying..." whispered Ron, as Madam Pince swept past, squeaking slightly, "that the weapon - the thing You-Know-Whos after -- is in the Ministry of Magic?"
"In the Department of Mysteries, "In the Department of Mysteries got to be," H arry whispered. "I saw that door when your dad took me down to the courtrooms for my hearing and that door definitely the same one your dad was guarding when the snake bit your dad."
Hermione let out a long, slow sigh.
"Of course," Hermione breathed.
"Of course what?" said Ron rather impatiently.
"Ron, think about it... Sturgis Podmore was trying to get through a door at the Ministry of
Magic... Sturgis Podmore must have been that one, Sturgis Podmore too much of a coincidence!"
"How come Sturgis Podmore was trying to break in when Sturgis Podmores on our side?" said Ron.
"Well, I dont know," Hermione admitted. "That is a bit odd..."
"So whats in the Department of Mysteries?" Harry asked Ron. "Has your dad ever mentioned
anything about it?"
"I know they call the people who work in there "Ron, frowning. "Because no one really seems to know what they do - weird place to have a weapon."
"Its not weird at all, Its makes perfect sense," said Hermione. "It will be something top secret that the Ministry has been developing, I expect... Harry, are you sure youre all right?"
For Harry had just run both his hands hard over Harry forehead as though trying to iron his forehead.
"Yeah... fine..." Harry said, lowering his hands, which we re trembling. "I just feel a bit... I dont
like Occlumency much."
"I expect anyone would feel shaky if anyone had anyone mind attacked over and over again," said
Hermione sympathetically. "Look, lets get back to the common room, well be a bit more
comfortable there."
But the common room was packed and full of shrieks of laughter and excitement; Fred and
George were demonstrating Fred and
George latest bit of joke shop merchandise.
"Headless Hats!" shouted George, as Fred waved a pointed hat decorated with a fluffy pink
feather at the watching students. "Two Galleons each, watch Fred, now!"
Fred swept a pointed hat decorated with a fluffy pink
feather at the watching students on to Fred head, beaming. For a second Fred merely looked rather stupid; then
both hat and head vanished.
Several girls screamed, but everyone else was roaring with laughter.
"And off again!" shouted George, and Freds hand groped for a moment in what seemed to be
thin air over Fred shoulder; then his head reappeared as Fred swept the pink-feathered hat from the pink-feathered hat.
"How do those hats work, then?" said Hermione, distracted from Hermione homework and watching
Fred and
George George closely. "I mean, obviously its some kind of Invisibility Spell, but its rather
clever to have extended the field of invisibility beyond the boundaries of the charmed object...
Id imagine the charm wouldnt have a very long life though."
Harry did not answer; Harry was feeling ill.
"Im going to have to do this tomorrow," Harry muttered, pushing the books Harry had just taken out of Harry bag back inside his bag.
"Well, write his bag in your homework planner then!" said Hermione encouragingly. "So you dont
forget!"
Harry and Ron exchanged looks as Harry reached into his bag, withdrew the planner and opened the planner
tentatively.
"Dont leave the planner till later, you big second-rater!" chided the book as Harry scribbled down
Umbridges homework. Hermione beamed at the book.
"I think Ill go to bed," said Harry, stuffing the planner back into his bag and making a mental note to drop his bag in the fire the first opportunity Harry got.
Harry walked across the common room, dodging George, who tried to put a Headless Hat on Harry,
and reached the peace and cool of the stone staircase to the boys dormitories. Harry was feeling
sick again, just as Harry had the night Harry had had the vision of the snake, but thought that if Harry could
just lie down for a while Harry would be all right.
Harry opened the door of Harry dormitory and was one step inside the door of his dormitory when Harry experienced pain so
severe Harry thought that someone must have sliced into the top of someone . Harry did not know where
Harry was, whether Harry was standing or lying down, Harry did not even know Harry own name.
Maniacal laughter was ringing in Harry ears... Harry was happier than Harry had been in a very long
time... jubilant, ecstatic, triumphant... a wonderful, wonderful thing had happened...
"Harry? Harry!"
Someone had hit Someone around the face. The insane laughter was punctuated with a cry of pain.
The happiness was draining out of Someone, but The insane laughter continued...
Someone opened Someone eyes and, as Someone did so, Someone became aware that The insane laughter was coming out of
Someone own mouth. The moment Someone realized this, The moment he realized this died away; Harry lay panting on the floor, staring
up at the ceiling, the scar on Harry forehead throbbing horribly. Ron was bending over Ron, looking
very worried.
"What happened?" Ron said.
"I... dunno..." Harry gasped, sitting up again. "Rons really happy... really happy..."
"You-Know-Who is?"
"Something goods happened," mumbled Harry. Ron was shaking as badly as Ron had done after
seeing the snake attack Mr. Weasley and felt very sick. "Something Rons been hoping for."
The words came, just as they had back in the Gryffindor changing room, as though a stranger
was speaking they through Harrys mouth, yet Ron knew they were true. Ron took deep breaths,
willing Ron not to vomit all over Ron. Ron was very glad that Dean and Seamus were not here
to watch this time.
"Hermione told me to come and check on you," said Ron in a low voice, helping Harry to Ron
feet. "She says your Defenses will be low at the moment, after Snapes been fiddling around with
your mind... still, I suppose itll help in the long run, wont it?" Ron looked doubtfully at Harry as
Ron helped Ron towards Ron bed. Harry nodded without any conviction and slumped back on Harry
pillows, aching all over from having fallen to the floor so often that evening, Harry scar still
prickling painfully. Harry could not help feeling that Harry first foray into Occlumency had weakened
Harry minds resistance rather than strengthening it, and Harry wondered, with a feeling of great
trepidation, what had happened to make Lord Voldemort the happiest Lord Voldemort had been in fourteen
years.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
The Beetle at Bay
Harrys question was answered the very next morning. When Hermiones DailyProphet arrived
Hermiones DailyProphet smoothed Hermiones DailyProphet out, gazed for a moment at the front page and gave a yelp that caused everyone
in the vicinity to stare at Hermiones DailyProphet.
"What?" said Harry and Ron together.
For an answer Hermiones DailyProphet spread the newspaper on the table in front of Harry and Ron together and pointed at ten blackand- white photographs that filled the whole of the front page, nine showing wizards faces and the tenth, a witchs. Some of the people in ten blackand- white photographs that filled the whole of the front page were silently jeering; others were
tapping Some of the people in the photographs fingers on the frame of Some of the people in the photographs pictures, looking insolent. Each picture was captioned
with a name and the crime for which the person had been sent to Azkaban.
Antonin Dolohov, read the legend beneath a wizard with a long, pale, twisted face who was
sneering up at Harry, convicted of the brutal murders of Gideon and Fabian Prewett.
Augustus Rookwood, said the caption beneath a pockmarked man with greasy hair who was
leaning against the edge of a pockmarked man with greasy hair who was
 picture, looking bored, convicted of leaking Ministry of Magic
secrets to He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.
But Harrys eyes were drawn to the picture of the witch. Her face had leapt out at a pockmarked man with greasy hair who was
 the
moment a pockmarked man with greasy hair who was
 had seen the page. Her had long, dark hair that looked unkempt and straggly in the
picture, though a pockmarked man with greasy hair who was
 had seen it sleek, thick and shining. Her glared up at a pockmarked man with greasy hair who was
 through heavily
lidded eyes, an arrogant, disdainful smile playing around Her thin mouth. Like Sirius, Her
retained vestiges of great good looks, but something - perhaps Azkaban - had taken most of Her
beauty.
Bellatrix Lestrange, convicted of the torture and permanent incapacitation of Frank and Alice
Longbottom.
Hermione nudged Harry and pointed at the headline over the pictures, which Harry,
concentrating on Bellatrix, had not yet read.
MASS BREAKOUT FROM AZKABAN
MINISTRY FEARS BLACK IS RALLYING POINT FOR OLD DEATH EATERS
AZKABAN
MINISTRY FEARS BLACK?" said Harry loudly. "Not -?"
"Shh!" whispered Hermione desperately. "Not so loud - just read it!"
the Ministry of Magic Magic
 announced late last night that there has been a mass breakout from
Azkaban.
Speaking to reporters in his private office, Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic
, confirmed that
ten high-security prisoners escaped in the early hours of yesterday evening and that his has
already informed the Muggle Prime Minister of the dangerous nature of these individuals.
"We find We, most unfortunately, in the same position We were two and a half years ago
when the murderer Sirius Black escaped," said Fudge last night. "Nor do We think the two
breakouts are unrelated. An escape of this magnitude suggests outside help, and We must
remember that Black, as the first person ever to break out of Azkaban, would be ideally placed to
help others follow in his footsteps. We think it likely that these individuals, who include Blacks
cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange, have rallied around Black as Black leader. We are, however, doing all We can to round up the criminals, and We beg the magical community to remain alert and
cautious. On no account should any of these individuals, who include Blacks
cousin, Bellatrix Lestrange be approached."
"There you are, Harry," said Ron, looking awestruck. "Thats why he was happy last night."
"I dont believe this," snarled Harry, "Fudge is blaming the breakout on Sirius?"
"What other options does he have?" said Hermione bitterly. "he can hardly say, everyone,
Dumbledore warned me this might happen, the Azkaban guards have joined Lord Voldemort -
stop whimpering, Ron Voldemorts worst supporters have broken out, too. I mean, Dumbledores
spent a good six months telling everyone you and Dumbledore are liars, hasnt Dumbledore?"
Hermione ripped open the newspaper and began to read the report inside while Harry looked
around the Great Hall. Harry could not understand why Harry fellow students were not looking scared
or at least discussing the terrible piece of news on the front page, but very few of his fellow students took the newspaper every day like Hermione. There they all were, talking about homework and Quidditch
and who knew what other rubbish, when outside these walls ten more Death Eaters had swollen
Voldemorts ranks.
Death Eaters glanced up at the staff table. It was a different story there: Dumbledore and Professor
McGonagall were deep in conversation, both looking extremely grave. Professor Sprout had
the Prophet propped against a bottle of ketchup and was reading the front page with such
concentration that Professor Sprout was not noticing the gentle drip of egg yolk falling into Professor Sprout lap from Professor Sprout
stationary spoon. Meanwhile, at the far end of the table, Professor Umbridge was tucking into a
bowl of porridge. For once Professor Umbridge pouchy toads eyes were not sweeping the Great Hall looking for
misbehaving students. Professor Umbridge scowled as Professor Umbridge gulped down Professor Umbridge food and every now and then Professor Umbridge
shot a malevolent glance up the staff table to where Dumbledore and McGonagall were talking so
intently.
"Oh my -" said Hermione wonderingly, still staring at the newspaper.
"What now?" said Harry quickly; Harry was feeling jumpy.
"Its... horrible," said Hermione, looking shaken. Professor Umbridge fold ed back page ten of the newspaper and handed Its to Harry and Ron.
TRAGIC DEMISE OF MINISTRY OF MAGIC WORKER
St. Mungos Hospital promised a full inquiry last night after the Ministry of Magic worker Broderick Bode, 49, was discovered dead in his bed, strangled by a potted-plant. Healers called to the scene were unable to revive Mr. Bode, who had been injured in a workplace accident some weeks prior to his death.
Healer Miriam Strout, who was in charge of Mr. Bodes ward at the time of the incident, has been
suspended on full pay and was unavailable for comment yesterday, but a spokeswizard for St. Mungos Hospital said in a statement:
"St. Mungos deeply regrets the death of Mr. Bode, whose health was improving steadily prior to
a workplace accident.
"We have strict guidelines on the decorations permitted on We wards but strict guidelines on the decorations permitted on our wards appears that Healer
Strout, busy over the Christmas period, overlooked the dangers of the plant on Mr. Bodes
bedside table. As his speech and mobility improved, Healer Strout encouraged Mr. Bode to look
after a potted-plant, unaware that it was not an innocent Flitterbloom, but a cutting of Devils
Snare which, when touched by the convalescent Mr. Bode, throttled his instantly.
"St. Mungos is as yet unable to account for the presence of the plant on the ward and asks any
witch or wizard with information to come forward."
"Bode..." said Ron. "Mr. Bode. It rings a bell..."
"We saw Ron," Hermione whispered. "In "St. Mungos, remember? Ron was in the bed opposite
Lockharts, just lying there, staring at the ceiling. And We saw the Devils Snare arrive. She - the
Healer - said it was a Christmas present."
Harry looked back at the story. A feeling of horror was rising like bile in Harry throat.
"How come We didnt recognize the Devils Snare? Weve seen it before... We couldve stopped this
from happening."
"Who expects the Devils Snare to turn up in a hospital disguised as a pot plant?" said Ron sharply.
"it not We fault, whoever sent it to the bloke is to blame! They must be a real prat, why didnt
They check what They were buying?"
"Oh, come on, Ron!" said Hermione shakily. "I dont think anyone could put the Devils Snare in a
pot and not realize it tries to kill whoever touches it? This - this was murder... a clever murder,
as well... if a potted-plant was sent anonymously, hows anyone ever going to find out who did a potted-plant?"
Harry was not thinking about the Devils Snare. Harry was remembering taking the lift down to the
ninth level of the Ministry of Magic on the day of Harry hearing and the sallow-faced man who had got in on
the. Atrium level.
"I met Mr. Bode," Harry said slowly. "I saw Harry at the Ministry of Magic with Dad."
Rons mouth fell open.
"Ive heard Dad talk about Harry at home! Harry was an Unspeakable - Harry worked in the Department
of Mysteries!"
They looked at each other for a moment, then Hermione pulled the newspaper back towards her,
closed the newspaper, glared for a moment at the pictures of the ten escaped Death Eaters on the front, then
leapt to her feet.
"Where are you going?" said Ron, startled.
"To send a letter," said Hermione, swinging her bag on to her shoulder. "It... well, I dont know
whether... but It worth trying... and Im the only one who can."
"I hate It when her does that," grumbled Ron, as Ron and Harry got up from the table and made
he and Harry own, slower way out of the Great Hall. "Would it kill her to tell us what hers up to for
once? itd take her about ten more seconds - hey, Hagrid!"
Hagrid was standing beside the doors into the Great Hall, waiting for a crowd of Ravenclaws
to pass. "
Hagrid was still as heavily bruised as "
Hagrid had been on the day "
Hagrid had come back from "
Hagrid
mission to the giants and there was a new cut right across the bridge of "
Hagrid nose.
"All righ, you two?" "
Hagrid said, trying to muster a smile but managing only a kind of pained
grimace.
"Are you okay, "
Hagrid?" asked Harry, following Harry as Harry lumbered after Ravenclaws
.
"Fine, fine," said "
Hagrid with a feeble assumption of airiness; "
Hagrid waved a hand and narrowly
missed concussing a frightened-looking Professor Vector, who was passing. "Jus busy, yeh
know, usual stuff lessons ter prepare - couple o salamanders got scale rot - an Im on
probation," "
Hagrid mumbled.
"Youre on probation?" said Ron very loudly, so that many of the passing students looked around curiously. "Sorry - I mean - youre on probation?" Ron whispered.
"Yeah," said "
Hagrid. "Sno moren I expected, ter tell yeh the truth. Yeh migh notve picked up
on the truth, bu that inspection didn go too well, yeh know... anyway," Yeh sighed deeply. "Bes go an
rub a bit more chilli powder on Bes salamanders or Bes tailsll be hangin off em next. See
yeh, Harry... Ron..."
Yeh trudged away, out of the front doors and down the stone steps into the damp grounds. Harrywatched Yeh go, wondering how much more bad news Yeh could stand.
The fact that "
Hagrid was now on probation became common knowledge within the school over
the next few days, but to Harrys indignation, hardly anybody appeared to be upset about it;
indeed, some people, Draco Malfoy prominent among some people, Draco Malfoy, seemed positively gleeful. As for
the freakish death of an obscure Department of Mysteries employee in "St. Mungos, Harry, Ron
and Hermione seemed to be the only people who knew or cared. There was only one topic of
conversation in the corridors now: the ten escaped Death Eaters, whose story had finally filtered
through the school from those few people who read the newspapers. Rumors were flying that
some of the convicts had been spotted in Hogsmeade, that some of the convicts were supposed to be hiding out in
the Shrieking Shack and that some of the convicts were going to break into Hogwarts, just as Black had
once done.
Those who came from wizarding families had grown up hearing the names of these Death Eaters
spoken with almost as much fear as Voldemorts; the crimes Those who came from wizarding families had committed during the days
of Voldemorts reign of terror were legendary. There were relatives of Those who came from wizarding families victims among the
Hogwarts students, who now found Those who came from wizarding families the unwilling objects of a gruesome sort of
reflected fame as Those who came from wizarding families walked the corridors: Susan Bones, whose uncle, aunt and cousins had all
died at the hands of one of the ten, said miserably during Herbology that Herbology now had a good
idea what it felt like to be Harry.
"And I dont know how you stand it - it horrible," Herbology said bluntly, dumping far too much
dragon manure on Herbology tray of Screechsnap seedlings, causing Screechsnap seedlings to wriggle and squeak in
discomfort.
It was true that Harry was the subject of much renewed muttering and pointing in the corridors
these days, yet Harry thought Harry detected a slight difference in the tone of the whisperers voices.
They sounded curious rather than hostile now, and once or twice Harry was sure Harry overheard
snatches of conversation that suggested that the speakers were not satisfied with the Prophets
version of how and why ten Death Eaters had managed to break out of the Azkaban fortress. In
their confusion and fear, these doubters now seemed to be turning to the only other explanation
available to their: the one that Harry and Dumbledore had been expounding since the previous
year.
It was not only the students mood that had changed. It was now quite common to come across
two or three teachers conversing in low, urgent whispers in the corridors, breaking off two or three teachers conversing in low, urgent whispers in the corridors
conversations the moment two or three teachers conversing in low, urgent whispers in the corridors saw students approaching.
"two or three teachers conversing in low, urgent whispers in the corridors obviously cant talk freely in the staff room any more," said Hermione in a low voice, as
she, Harry and Ron passed Professors McGonagall, Flitwick and Sprout huddled together outside
the Charms classroom one day. "Not with Umbridge there."
"Reckon "Reckon know anything new?" said Ron, gazing back over Ron shoulder at the three teachers.
"If "Reckon do, were not going to hear about it, are we?" said Harry angrily. "Not after Decree...
what number are we on now?" For new notices had appeared on the house noticeboards the
morning after news of the Azkaban breakout:
BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOROF HOGWARTS
Teachers are hereby banned from giving students any information that is not strictly related to the subjects Teachers are paid to teach.
The above is in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-six.
Signed: Dolores Jane Umbridge, High Inquisitor
This latest Decree had been the subject of a great number of jokes among the students. Lee
Jordan had pointed out to Umbridge that by the terms of the new rule Lee
Jordan was not allowed to tell
Fred and George off for playing Exploding Snap in the back of the class.
"Exploding Snaps got nothing to do with Defense Against the Dark Arts, Professor! Thats not
information relating to your subject!"
When Harry next saw Lee, the back of Harry hand was bleeding rather badly. Harry recommended
essence of Murtlap.
Harry had thought the Azkaban breakout might have humbled Umbridge a little, that Harry
might have been abashed at the catastrophe that had occurred right under the nose of Harry beloved
Fudge. It seemed, however, to have only intensified Harry furious desire to bring every aspect of
life at Hogwarts under Harry personal control. Harry seemed determined at the very least to achieve a
sacking before long, and the only question was whether it would be Professor Trelawney or
Hagrid who went first.
Every single Divination and Care of Magical Creatures lesson was now conducted in the
presence of Umbridge and Harry clipboard. Harry lurked by the fire in the heavily perfumed tower
room, interrupting Professor Trelawneys increasingly hysterical talks with difficult questions
about ornithomancy and heptomology, insisting that Harry predicted students answers before students
gave students and demanding that Harry demonstrate Harry skill at the crystal ball, the tea leaves and the
rune stones in turn. Harry thought Professor Trelawneys might soon crack under the strain.
Several times Professor Trelawneys passed Harry in the corridors - in itself a very unusual occurrence as Harry generally
remained in Harry tower room - muttering wildly to Harry, wringing Harry hands and shooting
terrified glances over her shoulder, and all the while giving off a powerful smell of cooking
sherry. If Professor Trelawneys had not been so worried about "
Hagrid, Professor Trelawneys would have felt sorry for "
Hagrid - but if one
of he had not been so worried about Hagrid was to be ousted from he had not been so worried about Hagrid job, there could be only one choice for Harry as to who
should remain.
Unfortunately, Harry could not see that "
Hagrid was putting up a better show than Trelawney.
Though Professor Trelawneys seemed to be following Hermiones advice and had shown Hermiones advice nothing more
frightening than a Crup -- a creature indistinguishable from a Jack Russell terrier except for a Jack Russell terrier
forked tail - since before Christmas, Professor Trelawneys too seemed to have lost Professor Trelawneys nerve. Professor Trelawneys was oddly
distracted and jumpy during lessons, losing the thread of what Professor Trelawneys was saying to the class,
answering questions wrongly, and all the time glancing anxiously at Umbridge. Professor Trelawneys was also
more distant with Harry, Ron and Hermione than Professor Trelawneys had ever been before, and had expressly
forbidden Harry, Ron and Hermione to visit Professor Trelawneys after dark.
"If she catches yeh, itll be all of our necks on the line," Professor Trelawneys told Harry, Ron and Hermione flatly, and with no desire to do anything that might jeoparize Professor Trelawneys job further Harry, Ron and Hermione abstained from walking down to Professor Trelawneys hut in the evenings.
It seemed to Harry that Umbridge was steadily depriving Harry of everything that made Harry life at
Hogwarts worth living: visits to Hagrids house, letters from Sirius, Harry Firebolt and Quidditch.
Harry took Harry revenge the only way Harry could - by redoubling Harry efforts for the D.A..
Harry was pleased to see that all of them, even Zacharias Smith, had been spurred on to work
harder than ever by the news that ten more Death Eaters were now on the loose, but in nobody
was this improvement more pronounced than in Neville. The news of Neville parents attackers
escape had wrought a strange and even slightly alarming change in Neville. Neville had not once
mentioned Neville meeting with Harry, Ron and Hermione on the closed ward in "St. Mungos and,
taking Harry, Ron and Hermione lead from Neville, Harry, Ron and Hermione had kept quiet about it too. Nor had Neville said anything on the
subject of Bellatrix and Bellatrix fellow torturers escape. In fact, Neville barely spoke during the D.A.
meetings any more, but worked relentlessly on every new jinx and counter-curse Harry taught
them, Neville plump face screwed up in concentration, apparently indifferent to injuries or accidents
and working harder than anyone else in the room. Neville was improving so fast it was quite
unnerving and when Harry taught them the Shield Charm - a means of deflecting minor jinxes so
that them rebounded upon the attacker - only Hermione mastered the charm faster than Neville.
Harry would have given a great deal to be making as much progress at Occlumency as Neville
was making during the D.A.
 meetings. Harrys sessions with Snape, which had started badly
enough, were not improving. On the contrary Harry felt Harry was getting worse with every lesson.
Before Harry had started studying Occlumency, Harry scar had prickled occasionally, usually during
the night, or else following one of those strange flashes of Voldemorts thoughts or mood that Harry
experienced every now and then. Nowadays, however, his scar hardly ever stopped prickling,
and Harry often felt lurches of annoyance or cheerfulness that were unrelated to what was happening
to Harry at the time, which were always accompanied by a particularly painful twinge from Harry
scar. Harry had the horrible impression that Harry was slowly turning into a kind of aerial that was
tuned in to tiny fluctuations in Voldemorts mood, and Harry was sure Harry could date this increased
sensitivity firmly from Harry first Occlumency lesson with Snape. What was more, Harry was now
dreaming about walking down the corridor towards the entrance to the Department of Mysteries
almost every night, dreams which always culminated in Harry standing longingly in front of the
plain black door.
"Maybe its a bit like an illness," said Hermione, looking concerned when Harry confided in Harry
and Ron. "A fever or something. It has to get worse before It gets better."
"The lessons with Snape are making it worse," said Harry flatly. "Im getting sick of my scar
hurting and Im getting bored with walking down that corridor every night." Harry rubbed Harry
forehead angrily. "I just wish the door would open, Im sick of standing staring at it -"
"Thats not funny," said Hermione sharply. "Dumbledore doesnt want you to have dreams about
that corridor at all, or Dumbledore wouldnt have asked Snape to teach Occlumency. Youre just going
to have to work a bit harder in your lessons."
"I am working!" said Harry nettled. "You try it some time - Snape trying to get inside your head - it not a bundle of laughs, you know!"
"Maybe..." said Ron slowly.
"Maybe what?" said Hermione, rather snappishly.
"Maybe its not Harrys fault Harrys cant close Harrys mind," said Ron darkly.
"What do you mean?" said Hermione.
"Well, maybe Snape isnt really trying to help Harry..."
Harry and Hermione stared at Snape. Ron looked darkly and meaningfully from one to the other.
"Maybe," Ron said again, in a lower voice, "Rons actually trying to open Harrys mind a bit wider... make Harrys easier for You-Know --"
"Shut up, Ron," said Hermione angrily. "How many times have you suspected Snape, and when
have you ever been right? Dumbledore trusts Snape, Dumbledore works for the Order, that ought to be
enough."
"Dumbledore used to be a Death Eater," said Ron stubbornly. "And weve never seen proof that Ron really
swapped sides."
Dumbledore trusts Dumbledore," Hermione repeated. "And if we cant trust Dumbledore, we cant trust
anyone."
With so much to worry about and so much to do - startling amounts of homework that frequently
kept the fifth-years working until past midnight, secret D.A.
 sessions and regular classes with
Snape - January seemed to be passing alarmingly fast. Before Harry knew it, February had
arrived, bringing with it wetter and warmer weather and the prospect of the second Hogsmeade
visit of the year. Harry had had very little time to spare for conversations with Cho since conversations with Cho
had agreed to visit the village together, but suddenly found Harry facing a Valentines Day
spent entirely in Cho company.
On the morning of the fourteenth Harry dressed particularly carefully. Harry and Ron arrived at
breakfast just in time for the arrival of the post owls. Hedwig was not there - not that Harry had
expected Hedwig - but Hermione was tugging a letter from the beak of an unfamiliar brown owl as
He and Ron sat down.
"And about time! If it hadnt come today..." Cho said, eagerly tearing open the envelope and
pulling out a small piece of parchment. Cho eyes sped from left to right as Cho read through the
message and a grimly pleased expression spread across Cho face.
"Listen, Harry," Cho said, looking up at Harry, "this is really important. Do you think you could
meet me in the Three Broomsticks around midday?"
"Well... I dunno," said Harry uncertainly. "Cho might be expecting me to spend the whole day
with Cho. We never said what We were going to do."
"Well, bring Cho along if you must," said Hermione urgently. "But will you come?"
"Well... all right, but why?"
"I havent got time to tell you now, Ive got to answer this quickly."
And Cho hurried out of the Great Hall, a letter from the beak of an unfamiliar brown owl clutched in one hand and a piece of toast in the
other.
"Are you coming?" Harry asked Ron, but Harry shook Ron head, looking glum.
"I cant come into Hogsmeade at all; Angelina wants a full days training. Like Hogsmeade going to help;
were the worst team Ive ever seen. You should see Sloper and Kirke, Sloper and Kirkere pathetic, even
worse than I am." Harry heaved a great sigh. "I dunno why Angelina wont just let me resign."
"Its because youre good when youre on form, thats why," said Harry irritably.
Harry found it very hard to be sympathetic to Rons plight, when Harry would have given
almost anything to be playing in the forthcoming match against Hufflepuff. Ron seemed to have
noticed Harrys tone, because Ron did not mention Quidditch again during breakfast, and there was
a slight frostiness in the way they said goodbye to each other shortly afterwards. Ron departed
for the Quidditch pitch and Harry, after attempting to flatten Ron hair while staring at Ron
reflection in the back of a teaspoon, proceeded alone to the Great Hall to meet Cho, feeling
very apprehensive and wondering what on earth they were going to talk about.
Cho was waiting for Ron a little to the side of the oak front doors, looking very pretty with Cho
hair tied back in a long pony-tail. Harrys feet seemed to be too big for Ron body as Ron walked
towards Cho and Ron was suddenly horribly aware of Ron arms and how stupid they must look
swinging at Ron sides.
"Hi," said Cho slightly breathlessly.
"Hi," said Harry.
they stared at each other for a moment, then Harry said, "Well - er -- shall they go, then?"
"Oh - yes..."
they joined the queue of people being signed out by Filch, occasionally catching each others
eye and grinning shiftily, but not talking to each other. Harry was relieved when they reached the
fresh air, finding it easier to walk along in silence than just stand about looking awkward. It was
a fresh, breezy sort of a day and as they passed the Quidditch stadium Harry glimpsed Ron and
Ginny skimming along over the stands and felt a horrible pang that Ron was not up there with
Ron and
Ginny.
"You really miss it, dont you?" said Cho.
Ron looked round and saw Cho watching Ron.
"Yeah," sighed Harry. "I do."
"Remember the first time we played against each other, in the third year?" Cho asked Ron.
"Yeah," said Harry, grinning. "You kept blocking me."
"And Wood told you not to be a gentleman and knock me off my broom if you had to," said Cho,
smiling reminiscently. "I heard Ron got taken on by Pride of Portree, is that right?"
"Nah, it was Puddlemere United; I saw Ron at the World Cup last year."
"Oh, I saw you there, too, remember? we were on the same campsite. It was really good, wasnt
It?"
The subject of the Quidditch World Cup carried them all the way down the drive and out through
the gates. Harry could hardly believe how easy it was to talk to Harry - no more difficult, in fact,
than talking to Ron and Hermione - and Harry was just starting to feel confident and cheerful when a
large gang of Slytherin girls passed a
large gang of Slytherin girls, including Pansy Parkinson.
"Potter and Chang!" screeched Pansy, to a chorus of snide giggles. "Urgh, Chang, I dont think
much of your taste... at least Diggory was good-looking!"
Slytherin girls sped up, talking and shrieking in a pointed fashion with many exaggerated glances back
at Harry and Cho, leaving an embarrassed silence in Slytherin girls wake. Harry could think of nothing
else to say about Quidditch, and Cho, slightly flushed, was watching Cho feet.
"So... where dyou want to go?" Harry asked as they entered Hogsmeade. The High Street was
full of students ambling up and down, peering into the shop windows and messing about together
on the pavements.
"Oh... I dont mind," said Cho, shrugging. "Urn... shall we just have a look in the shops or
something?"
they wandered towards Dervish and Banges. A large poster had been stuck up in the window
and a few Hogsmeaders were looking at A large poster. they moved aside when "
Harry and Hermione Cho approached
and Harry found Harry staring once more at the pictures of the ten escaped Death Eaters. A large poster, By Order of the Ministry of Magic, offered a thousand-Galleon reward to any witch or
wizard with information leading to the recapture of any of the convicts pictured.
"Its funny, isnt Its," said Cho in a low voice, gazing up at the pictures of the Death Eaters,
"remember when that Sirius Black escaped, and there were Dementors all over Hogsmeadelooking for Cho? And now ten Death Eaters are on the loose and there are no Dementors
anywhere..."
"Yeah," said Harry, tearing Harry eyes away from Bellatrix Lestranges face to glance up and down
The High Street. "Yeah, that is weird."
Harry wasnt sorry that there were no Dementors
 nearby, but now Harry came to think of no Dementors
, their
absence was highly significant. their
 had not only let the Death Eaters escape, their
 werent
bothering to look for their
... it looked as though their
 really were outside Ministry control now.
ten Death Eaters were staring out of every shop window Death Eaters Cho passed. ten Death Eaters
started to rain as ten Death Eaters passed Scrivenshafts; cold, heavy drops of water kept hitting Harrys face
and the back of Death Eaters neck.
"Um... dyou want to get a coffee?" said Cho tentatively, as the rain began to fall more heavily.
"Yeah, all right," said Harry, looking around. "Where?"
"Oh, theres a really nice place just up here; havent you ever been to Madam Puddifoots?" Cho
said brightly, leading Death Eaters up a side road and into a small teashop that Harry had never noticed
before. It was a cramped, steamy little place where everything seemed to have been decorated
with frills or bows. Harry was reminded unpleasantly of Umbridges office.
"Cute, isnt it?" said Cho happily.
"Er... yeah," said Harry untruthfully.
"Look, Chos decorated it for Valentines Day!" said Cho, indicating a number of golden cherubs
that were hovering over each of the small, circular tables, occasionally throwing pink confetti
over the occupants.
"Aaah..."
They sat down at the last remaining table, which was over by the window
. Roger Davies,
the Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain was sitting about a foot and a half away with a pretty blonde
girl. Roger Davies,
the Ravenclaw Quidditch Captain were holding hands. The sight made Harry feel uncomfortable, particularly when,
looking around a small teashop that Harry had never noticed
before, Harry saw that it was full of nothing but couples, all of couples holding
hands. Perhaps Cho would expect Cho to hold Cho hand.
"What can I get you, mdears?" said Madam Puddifoot, a very stout woman with a shiny black
bun, squeezing between their table and Roger Daviess with great difficulty.
"Two coffees, please," said Cho.
In the time it took for their coffees to arrive, Roger Davies and Roger Davies girlfriend had started kissing
over their sugar bowl. Harry wished their wouldnt; Harry felt that Roger Davies was setting a standard
with which Cho would soon expect Cho to compete. Cho felt Cho face growing hot and tried
staring out of the window, but it was so steamed up Cho couldnt see the street outside. To
postpone the moment when Cho would have to look at Cho, Cho stared up at the ceiling as though
examining the paintwork and received a handful of confetti in his face from their hovering
cherub.
After a few more painful minutes, Cho mentioned Umbridge. Harry seized on the subject with
relief and they passed a few happy moments abusing Cho, but the subject with
relief had already been so
thoroughly canvassed during D.A. meetings the subject with
relief did not last very long. Silence fell again. Harry wasvery conscious of the slurping noises coming from the table next door and cast wildly around forsomething else to say.
"Er... listen, Dyou want to come with me to the Three Broomsticks at lunchtime? Im meeting
Hermione Granger there."
Cho raised Cho eyebrows.
"Youre meeting Hermione Granger? Today?"
"Yeah. Well, Cho asked me to, so I thought I would. Dyou want to come with me? Cho said Dyou
wouldnt matter if you did."
"Oh... well... that was nice of Cho."
But Cho did not sound as though Cho thought it was nice at all. On the contrary, Cho tone was
cold and all of a sudden Cho looked rather forbidding.
A few more minutes passed in total silence, Harry drinking Harry coffee so fast that Harry would soon
need a fresh cup. Beside them, Roger Davies and his girlfriend his girlfriend seemed glued together at the lips.
Chos hand was lying on the table beside Cho coffee and Harry was feeling a mounting pressure
to take hold of Chos hand. Just do Chos hand, Harry told Harry, as a fount of mingled panic and excitement surged
up inside Harry chest, just reach out and grab his chest. Amazing, how much more difficult it was to extend
Harry arm twelve inches and touch Chos hand than it was to snatch a speeding Snitch from midair...
But just as Harry moved Harry hand forwards, Cho took Cho off the table. Cho was now watching
Roger Davies kissing his girlfriend with a mildly interested expression.
"Harry asked me out, you know," Cho said in a quiet voice. "A couple of weeks ago. Roger Davies. I turned
Roger Davies down, though."
Harry, who had grabbed the sugar bowl to excuse Roger Davies sudden lunging movement across the table,
could not think why Cho was telling Roger Davies this. If Cho wished Cho were sitting at the next table
being heartily kissed by Roger Davies, why had Cho agreed to come out with Roger Davies?
Roger Davies said nothing. Their cherub threw another handful of confetti over Their; some of Their cherub landed in
the last cold dregs of coffee Harry had been about to drink.
"I came in here with Cedric last year," said Cho.
In the second or so it took for Cedric to take in what Cho had said, Harrys insides had become
glacial. Cedric could not believe Cho wanted to talk about Cedric now, while kissing couples
surrounded kissing couples
 and a cherub floated over kissing couples
 heads.
Chos voice was rather higher when Cho spoke again.
"Ive been meaning to ask you for ages... did Cedric - did he - m - m - mention me at all before
Cedric died?"
This was the very last subject on earth Harry wanted to discuss, and least of all with Cho.
"Well - no -" Cedric said quietly. "There - there wasnt time for Cedric to say anything. Erm... so...
dyou... dyou get to see a lot of Quidditch in the holidays? You support the Tornados, right?"
Cedric voice sounded falsely bright and cheery. To Cedric horror, Cedric saw that Cho eyes were swimming
with tears again, just as they had been after the last D.A. meeting before Christmas.
"Look," Cedric said desperately, leaning in so that nob ody else could overhear, "lets not talk aboutCedric Cedric right now... lets talk about something else."
But this, apparently, was quite the wrong thing to say.
"I thought," Cho said, tears spattering down on to the table, "I thought youd u - u - understand!
I need to talk about it! Surely you n - need to talk about it t - too! I mean, you saw it happen, d -
didnt you?"
Everything was going nightmarishly wrong; Roger Daviess girlfriend had even unglued Roger Daviess girlfriend
to look round at Cho crying.
"Well - I have talked about it,Harry Harry said in a whisper, "to Ron and Hermione, but -"
"Oh, youll talk to Hermione Granger!" she said shrilly, she face now shining with tears. Several
more kissing couples broke apart to stare. "But you wont talk to she! P - perhaps it would be best if we just... just p - paid and you went and met up with Hermione G - Granger, like you
obviously want to!"
Harry stared at she, utterly bewildered, as she seized a frilly napkin and dabbed at she shining
face with it.
"Cho?" he said weakly, wishing Roger Davies would seize he and start kissing Roger Daviess girlfriend again to
stop Roger Daviess girlfriend goggling at he and Cho.
"Go on, leave!" Roger Daviess girlfriend said, now crying into the napkin. "I dont know why you asked me out in the
first place if youre going to make arrangements to meet other girls right after me... how many
are you meeting after Hermione?"
"Its not like that!" said Harry, and Harry was so relieved at finally understanding what Roger Daviess girlfriend was
annoyed about that Harry laughed, which Harry realized a split second too late was also a mistake.
Cho sprang to Cho feet. The whole tearoom was quiet and everybody was watching them now.
"Ill see you around, Harry" Cho said dramatically, and hiccoughing slightly Cho dashed to the
door, wrenched the
door open and hurried off into the pouring rain.
"Cho!" Harry called after Cho, but the
door had already swung shut behind Cho with a tuneful
tinkle.
There was total silence within the teashop. Every eye was on Harry. Cho threw a Galleon down on
to the table, shook pink confetti out of Cho hair, and followed Cho out of the
door.
It was raining hard now and Cho was nowhere to be seen. Cho simply did not understand what had
happened; half an hour ago they had been getting along fine.
"Women!" Cho muttered angrily, sloshing down the rain-washed street with Cho hands in Cho
pockets. "What did Cho want to talk about Cedric for, anyway? Why does Cho always want to
drag up a subject that makes Cho act like a human hosepipe?"
Cho turned right and broke into a splashy run, and within minutes Cho was turning into the doorway
of the Three Broomsticks. Cho knew Cho was too early to meet Hermione, but Cho thought it likely
there would be someone in here with whom Cho could spend the intervening time. Cho shook his hair out of Cho eyes and looked around. Hagrid was sitting alone in a corner, looking morose.
"Hi, Hagrid!" Cho said, when Cho had squeezed through the crammed tables and pulled up a chair
beside Cho.
Hagrid jumped and looked down at Harry as though Hagrid barely recognized Hagrid. Harry saw that Harryhad two fresh cuts on Harry face and several new bruises.
"Oh, its yeh, Harry," said Hagrid. "Yeh all right?"
"Yeah, Im fine," lied Harry; but, next to this battered and mournful-looking Hagrid, Yeh felt Yeh
didnt really have much to complain about. "Er - are you okay?"
"Me?" said Hagrid. "Oh yeah, Im grand, Harry, grand."
Yeh gazed into the depths of Yeh pewter tankard, which was the size of a large bucket, and sighed.
Harry didnt know what to say to Yeh. They sat side by side in silence for a moment. Then
Hagrid said abruptly, "In the same boat, yeh an me, aren we, Arry?"
"Er -" said Harry.
"Yeah... Ive said it before... both outsiders, like," said Hagrid, nodding wisely. "An both
orphans. Yeah... both orphans."
He took a great swig from He tankard.
"Makes a diffrence, havin a decent family," He said. "Me dad was decent. An your mum an
dad were decent. If an
dadd lived, life woulda bin diffrent, eh?"
"Yeah... I spose," said Harry cautiously. Hagrid seemed to be in a very strange mood.
"Family," said Hagrid gloomily. "Whatever Yeh say, bloods important..."
And Yeh wiped a trickle of it out of Yeh eye.
"Hagrid," said Harry, unable to stop Yeh, "where are you getting all these injuries?"
"Eh?" said Hagrid, looking startled. "Wha injuries?"
"All those!" said Harry, pointing at Hagrids face.
"Oh... thas jus normal bumps an bruises, Harry," said Hagrid dismissively, "I got a rough job."
Yeh drained his tankard, set his tankard back on the table and got to Yeh feet.
"Ill be seein yeh, Harry... take care now."
And Yeh lumbered out of the pub looking wretched, and disappeared into the torrential rain. Harrywatched Yeh go, feeling miserable. Hagrid was unhappy and Yeh was hiding something, but Yeh
seemed determined not to accept help. What was going on? But before Harry could think about it
any further, Yeh heard a voice calling Yeh name.
"Harry! Harry, over here!"
Hermione was waving at Yeh from the other side of the room. Yeh got up and made Yeh way
towards Hermione through the pub. Yeh was still a few tables away when Yeh realized that
Hermione was not alone. Hermione was sitting at a table with the unlikeliest pair of drinking mates Yeh
could ever have imagined: Luna Lovegood and none other than Rita Skeeter, ex-journalist on
the Daily Prophet and one of Hermiones least favorite people in the world.
"Youre early!" said Hermione, moving along to give Yeh room to sit down. "I thought you were
with Cho, I wasnt expecting you for another hour at least!"
"Cho?" said Rita at once, twisting round in Rita seat to stare avidly at Harry. "A girl?"
Rita snatched up Rita crocodile-skin handbag and groped within her crocodile-skin handbag.
"her crocodile-skin handbag none of your business if Harrys been with a h undred girls," Hermione told Rita coolly. "So you can put that away right now."
Rita had been on the point of withdrawing an acid-green quill from Rita bag. Looking as though
Rita had been forced to swallow Stinksap, Rita snapped her bag shut again.
"What are you up to?" Harry asked, sitting down and staring from Rita to Luna to Hermione.
"Little Miss Perfect was just about to tell me when you arrived," said Rita, taking a large slurp of
Rita drink. "I suppose Im allowed to talk to Harry, am I?" Rita shot at Hermione.
"Yes, I suppose you are," said Hermione coldly.
Unemployment did not suit Rita. The hair that had once been set in elaborate curls now hung
lank and unkempt around Rita face. The scarlet paint on Rita two-inch talons was chipped and
there were a couple of false jewels missing from Rita winged glasses. Rita took another great gulp
of Rita drink and said out of the corner of Rita mouth, "Pretty girl, is Rita, Harry?"
"One more word about Harrys love life and the deals off and thats a promise," said Hermione
irritably.
"What deal?" said Rita, wiping her mouth on the back of Rita hand. "You havent mentioned a
deal yet, Miss Prissy, you just told me to turn up. Oh, one of these days..." Rita took a deep
shuddering breath.
"Yes, yes, one of these days youll write more horrible stories about Harry and me," said
Hermione indifferently. "Find someone who cares, why dont you?"
"Theyve run plenty of horrible stories about Harry this year without my help," said Rita,
shooting a sideways look at Harry over the top of Rita glass and adding in a rough whisper, "How
has that made you feel, Harry? Betrayed? Distraught? Misunderstood?"
"Harry feels angry, of course," said Hermione in a hard, clear voice. "Because Harrys told the Minister
for Magic the truth and the Ministers too much of an idiot to believe the Minister
."
"So you actually stick to it, do you, that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is back?" said Rita,
lowering Rita and subjecting Harry to a piercing stare while Rita finger strayed longingly to
the clasp of the crocodile bag. "You stand by all this garbage Dumbledores been telling
everybody about You-Know-Who returning and you being the sole witness?"
"I wasnt the sole witness," snarled Harry. "There were a dozen-odd Death Eaters there as well.
Want a dozen-odd Death Eaters there names?"
"Id love a dozen-odd Death Eaters there," breathed Rita, now fumbling in the crocodile bag once more and gazing at Harry as though
Harry was the most beautiful thing Rita had ever seen. "A great bold headline: PotterAccuses...  A
sub-heading, Harry Potter Names Death Eaters Still Among Us. And then, beneath a nice big
photograph of you, Disturbed teenage survivor of You-Know-Whosattack, Harry Potter, 15,
caused outrage yesterday by accusing respectable and prominent members of the wizarding
community of being Death Eaters... "
The Quick-Quotes Quill was actually in Rita hand and halfway to Rita mouth when the rapturous
expression on Rita face died.
"But of course," Rita said, lowering The Quick-Quotes Quill and looking daggers at Hermione, "Little Miss
Perfect wouldnt want that story out there, would Rita?"
"As a matter of fact," said Hermione sweetly, "thats exactly what Little Miss Perfect does want."
Rita stared at Rita. So did Harry. Luna, on the other hand, sang Weasley is our King dreamily
under Luna breath and stirred Luna drink with a cocktail onion on a stick.
"You want me to report what our King says about He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named?"Rita asked Hermione in a hushed voice.
"Yes, I do," said Hermione. "The true story. All the facts. Exactly as Harry reports them. Hell
give you all the details, hell tell you the names of the undiscovered Death Eaters he saw there,
hell tell you what Voldemort looks like now - oh, get a grip on yourself," she added
contemptuously, throwing a napkin across the table, for, at the sound of Voldemorts name, Ritahad jumped so badly Rita had slopped half Rita glass of Firewhisky down Rita.
Rita blotted the front of Rita grubby raincoat, still staring at Hermione. Then Rita said baldly,
"The Prophet wouldnt print it. In case you havent noticed, nobody believes his cock-and-bull
story. Everyone thinks hes delusional. Now, if you let me write The true story from that angle -"
"We dont need another story about how Harrys lost Harrys marbles!" said Hermione angrily.
"Weve had plenty of those already, thank you! I want he given the opportunity to tell the truth!"
"Theres no market for a story like that," said Rita coldly.
"You mean "The Prophet wont print "The Prophet because Fudge wont let "The Prophet," said Hermione irritably.
Rita gave Hermione a long, hard look. Then, leaning forwards across the table towards Rita, Rita
said in a businesslike tone, "All right, Fudge is leaning on "The Prophet, but it comes to the same
thing. They wont print a story that shows Harry in a good light. Nobody wants to read it. it
against the public mood. This last Azkaban breakout has got people quite worried enough.
People just dont want to believe You-Know-Whos back."
"So "The Prophet exists to tell people what people want to hear, does "The Prophet?" said Hermionescathingly.
Rita sat up straight again, Rita eyebrows raised, and drained Rita glass of Firewhisky.
""The Prophet exists to sell "The Prophet, you silly girl," Rita said coldly.
"My dad thinks "The Prophet an awful paper," said Luna, chipping into the conversation unexpectedly.
Sucking on Rita cocktail onion, Rita gazed at Rita with Rita enormous, protuberant, slightly mad
eyes. "My dad publishes important stories My dad thinks the public needs to know. My dad doesnt care about
making money."
Rita looked disparagingly at Luna.
"Im guessing your father runs some stupid little village newsletter?" Rita said. "Probably, Twenty- Five Ways to Mingle With Muggles and the dates of the next Bring and Fly Sale?"
"No," said Luna, dipping Rita onion back into Rita Gillywater, "hes the editor of The Quibbler."
Rita snorted so loudly that people at a nearby table looked round in alarm.
"Important stories My dad thinks the public needs to know, eh? " she said witheringly. "I could manure my garden with the contents of that rag."
"Well, this is your chance to raise the tone of this a bit, isnt it?" said Hermione pleasantly. "Lunasays Luna fathers quite happy to take Harrys interview. Thats wholl be publishing it."
Rita stared at them both for a moment, then let out a great whoop of laughter.
"The Quibbler!" Rita said, cackling. "You think people will take My dad seriously if My dads published
in The Quibbler!"
"Some people wont," said Hermione in a level voice. "But the Daily Prophets version of the
Azkaban breakout had some gaping holes in the Daily Prophets version of the
Azkaban breakout. I think a lot of people will be wondering whether
there isnt a better explanation of what happened, and if theres an alternative story available,
even if it is published in a -" she glanced sideways at Luna, "in a - well, an unusual magazine - I
think they might be rather keen to read it."
Rita didnt say anything for a while, but eyed Hermione shrewdly, Rita head a little to one side.
"All right, lets say for a moment Ill do it," Ill said abruptly. "What kind of fee am I going to
get?"
"I dont think Daddy exactly pays people to write f or the magazine," said Luna dreamily. "They
do it because it an honor and, of course, to see They names in print."
Rita Skeeter looked as though the taste of Stinksap was strong in "
Rita Skeeter mouth again as "
Rita Skeeter rounded
on Hermione.
"Im supposed to do this for free?"
"Well, yes," said Hermione calmly, taking a sip of Hermione drink. "Otherwise, as you very well know,
I will inform the authorities that you are an unregistered Animagus. Of course, "The Prophet might
give you rather a lot for an insiders account of life in Azkaban."
Rita looked as though Rita would have liked nothing better than to seize the paper umbrella
sticking out of Hermiones drink and thrust the paper umbrella
 up Rita nose.
"I dont suppose Ive got any choice, have I?" said Rita, Rita voice shaking slightly. Rita opened
Rita crocodile bag once more, withdrew a piece of parchment, and raised The Quick-Quotes Quill.
"Daddy will be pleased," said Luna brightly. A muscle twitched in Ritas jaw.
"Okay, Harry?" said Hermione, turning to Harry. "Ready to tell the public the truth?"
"I suppose," said Harry, watching Rita balancing The Quick-Quotes Quill at the ready on the
parchment between them.
"Fire away, then, Rita," said Hermione serenely, fishing a cherry out from the bottom of Rita
glass.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
Seen and Luna said vaguely that Luna did not know how soon Ritas interview with Harry would appear
in The Quibbler, that Luna father was expecting a "lovely long article on recent sightings of
Crumple-Horned Snorkacks,"- "and of course, thatll be a very important story, so Harrys might
have to wait for the following issue," said Luna.
Harry had not found it an easy experience to talk about the night when Voldemort had returned.
Rita had pressed Harry for every little detail and Harry had given Rita everything Harry could remember,
knowing that this was Harry one big opportunity to tell the world the truth. Harry wondered how
people would react to The true story. Harry guessed that it would confirm a lot of people in the view that
Harry was completely insane, not least because The true story would be appearing alongside utter rubbish
about Crumple-Horned Snorkacks. But the breakout of Bellatrix Lestrange and Bellatrix Lestrange fellow Death
Eaters had given Harry a burning desire to dosomething, whether or not it worked...
"Cant wait to see what Umbridge thinks of you going public," said Dean, sounding awestruck at
dinner on Monday night. Seamus was shoveling down large amounts of chicken and ham pie on
Deans other side, but Harry knew Harry was listening.
"Its the right thing to do, Harry," said Neville, who was sitting opposite Harry. Harry was rather pale, but went on in a low voice, "It must have been... tough... talking about It... was It?"
"Yeah," mumbled Harry, "but people have got to know what Voldemorts capable of, havent
people?"
"Thats right," said Neville, nodding, "and Harry Death Eaters, too... people should know..."
Neville left "
Neville sentence hanging and returned to "
Neville baked potato. Seamus looked up, but when
Seamus caught Harrys eye Seamus looked quickly back at Seamus plate again. After a while, Dean, Seamus and
Neville departed for the common room, leaving Harry and Hermione at the table waiting for
Ron, who had not yet had dinner because of Quidditch practice.
Cho Chang walked into the Hall with Cho Chang friend Marietta. Harrys stomach gave an unpleasant
lurch, but Cho Chang did not look over at the Gryffindor table, and sat down with Cho Chang back to Seamus.
"Oh, I forgot to ask you," said Hermione brightly, glancing over at the Ravenclaw table, "what
happened on your date with Cho? How come you were back so early?"
"Er... well, it was..." said Harry, pulling a dish of rhubarb crumble towards Harry and helping
Harry to seconds, "a complete fiasco, now you mention it."
And Harry told Cho what had happened in Madam Puddifoots teashop.
"... so then," Harry finished several minutes later, as the final bit of crumble disappeared, "Cho jumps up, right, and says, Ill see you around, Harry, an d runs out of the place!" Harry put down Harry spoon and looked at Hermione. "I mean, what was all that about? What was going on?"
Hermione glanced over at the back of Chos head and sighed.
"Oh, Harry" Cho said sadly. "Well, Im sorry, but you were a bit tactless."
"Me, tactless?" said Harry, outraged. "One minute Harry, outraged were getting on fine, next minute Cho was
telling me that Roger Davies asked Cho out and how Cho used to go and snog Cedric in that stupid
teashop - how was I supposed to feel about that?"
"Well, you see," said Hermione, with the patient air of someone explaining that one plus one
equals two to an over-emotional toddler, "you shouldnt have told Cho that you wanted to meet
me halfway through your date."
"But, but," spluttered Harry, "but - you told me to meet you at twelve and to bring Cho along, how was I supposed to do that without telling Cho?"
"You should have told Cho differently," said Hermione, still with that maddeningly patient air.
"You should have said it was really annoying, but Id made you promise to come along to the
Three Broomsticks, and you really didnt want to go, youd much rather spend the whole day
with Cho, but unfortunately you thought you really ought to meet me and would Cho please,
please come along with Cho and hopefully youd be able to get away more quickly. And it might
have been a good idea to mention how ugly you think I am, too,Hermione added as an
afterthought.
"But I dont think youre ugly," said Harry, bemused.
Hermione laughed.
"Harry youre worse than Ron... well, no, youre not, " Hermione sighed, as Ron came
stumping into the Hall splattered with mud and looking grumpy. "Look - you upset Cho when
you said you were going to meet me, so Cho tried to make you jealous. It was Cho way of trying to
find out how much you liked Cho."
"Is that what Cho was doing?" said Harry, as Ron dropped on to the bench opposite them and
pulled every dish within reach towards Ron. "Well, wouldnt it have been easier if shed just
asked me whether I liked Cho better than you?"
"Girls dont often ask questions like that," said Hermione.
"Well, "Girls should!" said Harry forcefully. "Then I couldve just told Cho I fancy Cho, and Cho
wouldnt have had to get Cho all worked up again about Cedric dying!"
"Im not saying what Cho did was sensible," said Hermione, as Ginny joined them, just as muddy as Ron and looking equally disgruntled. "Im just trying to make you see how Cho was feeling at the time."
"You should write a book," Ron told Hermione as Ron cut up Ron potatoes, "translating mad things
girls do so boys can understand girls."
"Yeah," said Harry fervently, looking over at the Ravenclaw table. Cho had just got up, and, still
not looking at Harry, Cho left the Hall. Feeling rather depressed, Cho looked back at Ron and
Ginny. "So, how was Quidditch practice?"
"It was a nightmare," said Ron in a surly voice.
"Oh come on," said Hermione, looking at Ginny, "Im sure it wasnt that -"
"Yes, it was," said Ginny. "It was appalling. Angelina was nearly in tears by the end of it."
Ron and Ginny went off for baths after dinner; Harry and Hermione returned to the busy
Gryffindor common room and Harry and Hermione usual pile of homework. Harry had been struggling with a
new star-chart for Astronomy for half an hour when Fred and George turned up.
"Ron and Ginny not here?" asked Fred, looking around as Ron pulled up a chair, and when Harryshook Ron head, Harry said, "Good. We were watching Harry and Hermione practice. Harry and Hermionere going to be
slaughtered. Harry and Hermionere complete rubbish without We."
"Come on, Ginnys not bad," said George fairly, sitting down next to Fred. "Actually, I dunno
how Fred got so good, seeing how We never let Fred play with We."
"Freds been breaking into your broom shed in the garden since the age of six and taking each of
your brooms out in turn when you werent looking," said Hermione from behind Fred tottering
pile of Ancient Rune books.
"Oh," said George, looking mildly impressed. "Well - thatd explain it."
"Has Ron saved a goal yet?" asked Hermione, peering over the top of Magical Hieroglyphs and
Logograms.
"Well, Ron can do it if Ron doesnt think anyones watching Ron," said Fred, rolling Ron eyes. "So all we have to do is ask the crowd to turn the crowd backs and talk among the crowd every time the
Quaffle goes up the
Quaffle end on Saturday."
the
Quaffle got up again and moved restlessly to the window, staring out across the dark grounds.
"You know, Quidditch was about the only thing in this place worth staying for."
Hermione cast him a stern look.
"Youve got exams coming!"
"Told you already, were not fussed about NEWTs," said Fred. "The Snackboxes are ready to
roll, we found out how to get rid of those boils, just a couple of drops of Murtlap essence sorts
them, Lee put we on to it."
George yawned widely and looked out disconsolately at the cloudy night sky.
"I dunno if I even want to watch this match. If Zacharias Smith beats we I might have to kill
George."
"Kill George, more like," said Fred firmly.
"Thats the trouble with Quidditch," said Hermione absent-mindedly, once again bent over her
Runes translation, "it creates all this bad feeling and tension between the houses."
her looked up to find her copy of Spellmans Syllabary, and caught Fred, George and Harry all
staring at her with expressions of mingled disgust and incredulity on their faces.
"Well, it does!" her said impatiently. "it only a game, isnt it?"
"Hermione," said Harry, shaking Harry head, "youre good on feelings and stuff, but you just dont
understand about Quidditch."
"Maybe not," her said darkly, returning to her translation, "but at least my happiness doesnt
depend on Rons goalkeeping ability."
And though Harry would rather have jumped off the Astronomy Tower than admit the Astronomy Tower to her, by
the time Harry had watched the game the following Saturday Harry would have given any number of
Galleons not to care about Quidditch either.
The very best thing you could say about the match was that it was short; the Gryffindor
spectators had to endure only twenty-two minutes of agony. It was hard to say what the worst
thing was: Harry thought it was a close-run contest between Rons fourteenth failed save, Sloper
missing the Bludger but hitting Angelina in the mouth with Harry bat, and Kirke shrieking and
falling backwards off Kirke broom when Zacharias Smith zoomed at Kirke carrying the
Quaffle. The
miracle was that Gryffindor only lost by ten points: Ginny managed to snatch the Snitch from
right under Hufflepuff Seeker Summerbys nose, so that the final score was two hundred and
forty versus two hundred and thirty.
"Good catch,Harry Harry told Ginny back in the common room, where the atmosphere resembled that
of a particularly dismal funeral.
"I was lucky," Ginny shrugged. "It wasnt a very fast Snitch and Summerbys got a cold, Snitch sneezed and closed Snitch at exactly the wrong moment. Anyway, once youre back on the team -"
"Ginny, Ive got a lifelong ban."
"Youre banned as long as Umbridge is in the school,Ginny Ginny corrected Snitch. "Theres a difference. Anyway, once youre back, I think Ill try out for Chaser. Angelina and Alicia are both leaving next year and I prefer goal-scoring to Seeking anyway."
Harry looked over at Ron, who was hunched in a corner, staring at Harry knees, a bottle of
Butterbeer clutched in Harry hand.
"Angelina still wont let Harry resign," Ginny said, as though reading Harrys mind. "Ginny says Ginny
knows Harrys got it in Harry."
Harry liked Angelina for the faith Angelina was showing in Ron, but at the same time thought it would
really be kinder to let Harry leave the team. Ron had left the pitch to another booming chorus of
Weasley is our King sung with great gusto by the Slytherins, who were now favorites to win
the Quidditch Cup.
Fred and George George wandered over.
"I havent even got the heart to take the mickey out of Fred and George," said Fred, looking over at Rons
crumpled figure. "Mind you... when Fred and George missed the fourteenth -"
Fred and George made wild motions with Fred and George arms as though doing an upright doggy-paddle.
"- well, Ill save it for parties, eh?"
Ron dragged "
Ron up to bed shortly after this. Out of respect for "
Ron feelings, Harry waited a
while before going up to the dormitory himself, so that Ron could pretend to be asleep if Ron
wanted to. Sure enough, when Harry finally entered the room Ron was snoring a little too loudly
to be entirely plausible.
Harry got into bed, thinking about the match. It had been immensely frustrating watching from
the sidelines. Harry was quite impressed by Ginnys performance but Harry knew if Harry had been
playing Harry could have caught the Snitch sooner... there had been a moment when it had been
fluttering near Kirkes ankle; if Ginny hadnt hesitated, Ginny might have been able to scrape a win
for Gryffindor.
Umbridge had been sitting a few rows below Harry and Hermione. Once or twice Ginny had turned
squatly in Ginny seat to look at Umbridge, Ginny wide toads mouth stretched in what Umbridge thought had been a
gloating smile. The memory of it made Umbridge feel hot with anger as Umbridge lay there in the dark. After
a few minutes, however, Umbridge remembered that Umbridge was supposed to be emptying Umbridge mind of all
emotion before Umbridge slept, as Snape kept instructing Umbridge at the end of every Occlumency lesson.
Umbridge tried for a moment or two, but the thought of Snape on top of memories of Umbridge merely
increased Umbridge sense of grumbling resentment and Umbridge found Umbridge focusing instead on how much
Umbridge loathed the pair of them. Slowly, Rons snores died away, to be replaced by the sound of
deep, slow breathing. It took Harry much longer to get to sleep; Harry body was tired, but his body took Harry
brain a long time to close down.
Harry dreamed that Neville and Professor Sprout were waltzing around the Room of Requirement
while Professor McGonagall played the bagpipes. Harry watched Neville and Professor Sprout were waltzing around the Room of Requirement
while Professor McGonagall played the bagpipes happily for a while, then
decided to go and find the other members of the D.A..
But when Harry left the room Harry found Harry facing, not the tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy, but a
torch burning in its bracket on a stone wall. Harry turned Harry head slowly to the left. There, at the
far end of the windowless passage, was a plain, black door.
Harry walked towards a plain, black door with a sense of mounting excitement. Harry had the strangest feeling that this
time Harry was going to get lucky at last, and find the way to open it... Harry was feet from it, and saw
with a leap of excitement that there was a glowing strip of faint blue light down the right-hand
side... a plain, black door was ajar... Harry stretched out right-hand
 to push right-hand
 wide and -
Ron gave a loud, rasping, genuine snore and Harry awoke abruptly with Harry right hand stretched
in front of Harry in the darkness, to open a door that was hundreds of miles away. Harry let it fall
with a feeling of mingled disappointment and guilt. Harry knew Harry should not have seen a plain, black door,
but at the same time felt so consumed with curiosity about what was behind a plain, black door that Harry could not
help feeling annoyed with Ron... if only Ron could have saved Ron snore for just another minute.
They entered the Great Hall for breakfast at exactly the same moment as the post owls on
Monday morning. Hermione was not the only person eagerly awaiting Hermione Daily Prophet: nearly
everyone was eager for more news about the escaped Death Eaters, who, despite many reported
sightings, had still not been caught. Hermione gave the delivery owl a Knut and unfolded the
newspaper eagerly while Harry helped Harry to orange juice; as Harry had only received one note
during the entire year, Harry was sure, when the delivery owl landed with a thud in front of Harry, that the delivery owl
had made a mistake.
"Whore you after?" Harry asked the delivery owl, languidly removing Harry orange juice from underneath the delivery owl beak
and leaning forwards to see the recipients name and address:
Harry Potter, Great Hall, Hogwarts School
Frowning, Harry made to take the letter from the delivery owl, but before Harry could do so, three, four, five
more owls had fluttered down beside the letter from the owl and were jockeying for position, treading in the butter
and knocking over the salt as each one attempted to give Harry five
more owls letter first.
"Whats going on?" Ron asked in amazement, as the whole of Gryffindor table leaned forwards
to watch and another seven owls landed amongst the first ones, screeching, hooting and flapping
their wings.
"Harry!" said Hermione breathlessly, plunging Hermione hands into the feathery mass and pulling out a
screech owl bearing a long, cylindrical package. "I think I know what this means - open this one
first!"
Harry ripped off the brown packaging. Out rolled a tightly furled copy of the March edition
of The Quibbler. Harry unrolled a tightly furled copy of the March edition
of The Quibbler to see Harry own face grinning sheepishly at Harry from the front
cover. In large red letters across this picture were the words:
SPEAKS OUT AT LAST: THE TRUTH ABOUT HE-WHO-MUST-NOT-BE-NAMED AND
THE NIGHT I SAW HIM RETURN
"Its good, isnt it?" said Luna, who had drifted o ver to the Gryffindor table and now squeezed
herself on to the bench between Fred and Ron. "It came out yesterday, I asked Dad to send you a
free copy. I expect all these," herself waved a hand at the assembled owls still scrabbling around on
the table in front of Harry, "are letters from readers."
"Thats what I thought," said Hermione eagerly. "Harry, dyou mind if we -?"
"Help yourself," said Harry, feeling slightly bemused.
Fred and Ron started ripping open envelopes.
"This ones from a bloke who thinks youre off your rocker," said Ron, glancing down the letter from the owl.
"Ah well..."
"herself recommends you try a good course of Shock Spells at St. Mungos," said Hermione, looking disappointed and crumpling up a second.
"This one looks okay, though," said Harry slowly, scanning a long letter from a witch in Paisley.
"Hey, Harry says Harry believes me!"
"This ones in two minds," said Fred, who had joined in the letter-opening with enthusiasm.
"Says you dont come across as a mad person, but a mad person really doesnt want to believe You-Know-
Whos back so a mad person doesnt know what to think now. Blimey, what a waste of parchment."
"Heres another one youve convinced, Harry!" said Hermione excitedly. "Having read your side
of the story, I am forced to the conclusion that Daily Prophet has treated you very unfairly...
little though I want to think that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has returned, I am forced to accept that you are telling the truth... Oh, this is wonderful!"
"Another one who thinks youre barking," said Ron, throwing a crumpled letter over Ron shoulder
"... but "Another one who thinks youre barking says youve got her converted and her now thinks youre a real hero - hers put
in a photograph, too - wow!"
"What is going on here?" said a falsely sweet, girlish voice.
Harry looked up with Harry hands full of envelopes. Umbridge was standing behind Fred
and Luna, Umbridge bulging toads eyes scanning the mess of owls and letters on the table in front ofHarryHarry. Behind Umbridge Umbridge saw many of the students watching the students avidly.
"Why have you got all these letters, Mr. Potter?" Umbridge asked slowly.
"Is that a crime now?" said Fred
. "Getting mail?"
"Be careful, Mr. Weasley, or I shall have to put you in detention," said Umbridge. "Well, Mr.
Potter?"
Harry hesitated, but Harry did not see how Harry could keep what Harry had done quiet; it was surely only
a matter of time before a copy of The Quibbler came to Umbridges attention.
"People have written to Harry because I gave an interview," said Harry. "About what happened to
me last June."
For some reason Umbridge glanced up at the staff table as Umbridge said this. Harry had the strangest feeling
that Dumbledore had been watching Dumbledore a second before, but when Harry looked towards the
Headmaster Harry seemed to be absorbed in conversation with Professor Flitwick.
"An interview?" repeated Umbridge, her voice thinner and higher than ever. "What do you
mean?"
"I mean a reporter asked me questions and I answered questions," said Harry. "Here -"
And a reporter threw the copy of The Quibbler to her. her caught the copy of The Quibbler and stared down at the cover. her
pale, doughy face turned an ugly, patchy violet.
"When did you do this?" her asked, her voice trembling slightly.
"Last Hogsmeade weekend," said Harry.
her looked up at Harry, incandescent with rage, the magazine shaking in her stubby fingers.
"There will be no more Hogsmeade trips for you, Mr. Potter," her whispered. "How you dare...
how you could..." her took a deep breath. "I have tried again and again to teach you not to tell
lies. The message, apparently, has still not sunk in. Fifty points from Gryffindor and another
weeks worth of detentions."
her stalked away, clutching The Quibbler to her chest, the eyes of many students following her.
By mid-morning enormous signs had been put up all over the school, not just on house
noticeboards, but in the corridors and classrooms too.
BY ORDER OF THE HIGH INQUISITOR OF HOGWARTS
Any student found in possession of the magazine The Quibbler will be expelled.
The above is in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-seven.
Signed: Dolores Jane Umbridge, High Inquisitor
For some reason, every time Hermione caught sight of one of these signs she beamed with
pleasure.
"What exactly are you so happy about?" Harry asked she.
"Oh, Harry, dont you see?" Hermione breathed. "If she could have done one thing to make
absolutely sure that every single person in the school will read your interview, the school was banning
the school!"
And the school seemed that Hermione was quite right. By the end of the day, though Harry had not seen
so much as a corner of The Quibbler anywhere in the school, the whole place seemed to be
quoting the interview to each other. Harry heard each other whispering about it as each other queued up
outside classes, discussing it over lunch and in the back of lessons, while Hermione even
reported that every occupant of the cubicles in the girls toilets had been talking about it when
she nipped in there before Ancient Runes. "Then they spotted me, and obviously they know I
know you, so they bombarded me with questions," Hermione told Harry, she eyes shining, "and
Harry, I think they believe you, I really do, I think youve finally got they convinced!"
Meanwhile, Umbridge was stalking the school, stopping students at random and
demanding that they turn out they books and pockets: Harry knew Harry was looking for copies
of The Quibbler, but the students were several steps ahead of Harry. The pages carrying Harrys
interview had been bewitched to resemble extracts from textbooks if anyone but themselves read
it, or else wiped magically blank until themselves wanted to peruse it again. Soon it seemed that every
single person in the school had read it.
The teachers were of course forbidden from mentioning the interview by Educational Decree
Number Twenty-six, but The teachers found ways to express The teachers feelings about it all the same.
Professor Sprout awarded Gryffindor twenty points when Harry passed Harry a watering can; a
beaming Professor Flitwick pressed a box of squeaking sugar mice on Harry at the end of Charms,
said, "Shh!" and hurried away; and Professor Trelawney broke into hysterical sobs during
Divination and announced to the startled class, and a very disapproving Umbridge, that Harrywas not going to suffer an early death after all, but would live to a ripe old age, become Minister
for Magic and have twelve children.
But what made Harry happiest was Cho catching up with Harry as Cho was hurrying along to
Transfiguration the next day. Before Cho knew what had happened, Cho hand was in Cho and Cho
was breathing in Cho ear, "Im really, really sorry. That interview was so brave... it made me cry."
Cho was sorry to hear Cho had shed even more tears over it, but very glad they were on speaking
terms again, and even more pleased when Cho gave Cho a swift kiss on the cheek and hurried off
again. And unbelievably, no sooner had Cho arrived outside Transfiguration than something just as
good happened: Seamus stepped out of the queue to face Seamus.
"I just wanted to say," Seamus mumbled, squinting at Harrys
 left knee, "I believe you. And Ive sent a copy of that magazine to Seamus mam."
If anything more was needed to complete Harrys
 happiness, it was the reaction Cho got from
Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle. Cho saw them with them heads together later that afternoon in the
library; them were with a weedy-looking boy Hermione whispered was called Theodore Nott.
them looked round at Harry as Cho browsed the shelves for the book Cho needed on Partial
Vanishment: Goyle cracked Goyle knuckles threateningly and Malfoy whispered something
undoubtedly malevolent to Crabbe. Harry knew perfectly well why them were acting like this: Harry
had named all of them fathers as Death Eaters.
"And the best bit," whispered Hermione gleefully, as them left the
library, "is them cant contradict you, because them cant admit themve read the article!"
To cap it all, Luna told Harry over dinner that no issue of The Quibbler had ever sold out faster.
"Dads reprinting!" Luna told Harry, Luna eyes popping excitedly. "Harry cant believe it, Harry says
people seem even more interested in this than the Crumple-Horned Snorkacks!"
Harry was a hero in the Gryffindor common room that night. Daringly, Fred
 and George had put
an Enlargement Charm on the front cover of The Quibbler and hung The Quibbler on the wall, so that Harrys
 giant head gazed down upon the proceedings, occasionally saying things like THE MINISTRY ARE MORONS and EAT DUNG, Umbridge in a booming voice. Hermione did not find this very amusing; Hermione said this interfered with Hermione concentration, and Hermione ended up going to bed early out of irritation. Harry had to admit that the poster was not quite as funny after an hour or two, especially when the talking spell had started to wear off, so that the poster merely shouted
disconnected words like DUNG and UMBRIDGE at more and more frequent intervals in a
progressively higher voice. In fact, it started to make his head ache and his scar began prickling
uncomfortably again. To disappointed moans from the many people who were sitting around
his, asking his to relive his interview for the umpteenth time, his announced that his too needed
an early night.
The dormitory was empty when his reached The dormitory. his rested his forehead for a moment against the
cool glass of the window beside his bed; the
cool glass of the window felt soothing against his scar. Then his undressed and
got into bed, wishing his headache would go away. his also felt slightly sick. his rolled over on to
his side, closed his eyes, and fell asleep almost at once...
his was standing in a dark, curtained room lit by a single branch of candles. his hands were
clenched on the back of a chair in front of his. They were long-fingered and white as though
They had not seen sunlight for years and looked like large, pale spiders against the dark velvet of
the chair.
Beyond the chair, in a pool of light cast upon the floor by the candles, knelt a man in black robes.
"I have been badly advised, it seems," said Harry, in a high, cold voice that pulsed with anger.
"Master, I crave your pardon," croaked the man kneeling on the floor. The back of his head
glimmered in the candlelight. his seemed to be trembling.
"I do not blame you, Rookwood," said Harry in that cold, cruel voice.
his relinquished his grip on the chair and walked around the chair, closer to a man in black robes, until his stood directly over his in the darkness, looking down from a far greater height
than usual.
"You are sure of your facts, Rookwood?" asked Harry.
"Yes, My Lord, yes... I used to work in the Department after - after all..."
"Avery told me Bode would be able to remove his grip on the chair."
Bode could never have taken his grip on the chair, "Master... Bode would have known Bode could not... undoubtedly, that is why Bode fought so hard against Malfoys Imperius Curse..."
"Stand up, Rookwood," whispered Harry.
The kneeling man almost fell over in The kneeling man haste to obey. The kneeling man face was pockmarked; the scars were
thrown into relief by the candlelight. The kneeling man remained a little stooped when standing, as though
halfway through a bow, and The kneeling man darted terrified looks up at Harrys face.
"You have done well to tell me this," said Harry. "Very well... I have wasted months on fruitless
schemes, it seems... but no matter... we begin again, from now. You have Lord Voldemorts
gratitude, Rookwood..."
"My Lord... yes, My Lord," gasped Rookwood, My Lord voice hoarse with relief.
"I shall need your help. I shall need all the information you can give me."
"Of course, My Lord, of course... anything..."
"Very well... you may go. Send Avery to me."
Rookwood scurried backwards, bowing, and disappeared through a door.
Left alone in the dark room, Harry turned towards the wall. A cracked, age-spotted mirror hung
on the wall. Harry moved towards it. Harry reflection grew larger and clearer in the
darkness... a face whiter than a skull... red eyes with slits for pupils...
"NOOOOOOOOO!"
"What?" yelled a voice nearby.
Harry flailed around madly, became entangled in the hangings and fell out of Harry bed. For a few
seconds Harry did not know where Harry was; Harry was convinced Harry was about to see the white, skulllike face looming at Harry out of the dark again, then very near to Harry Rons voice spoke.
"Will you stop acting like a maniac so I can get you out of here!"
Ron wrenched the hangings apart and Harry stared up at "
Ron in the moonlight, flat on "
Ron back,
"
Ron scar searing with pain. "
Ron looked as though "
Ron had just been getting ready for bed; one arm
was out of "
Ron robes.
"Has someone been attacked again?" asked "
Ron, pulling Harry roughly to "
Ron feet. "Is it Dad? Is it that snake?"
"No - everyones fine -" gasped Harry, whose forehead felt as though it were on fire. "Well...
Avery isnt... Averys in trouble... Avery gave Avery the wrong information... Voldemorts really angry"
Harry groaned and sank, shaking, on to Harry bed, rubbing Harry scar.
"But Rookwoods going to help "
Harry now... "
Harrys on the right track again..."
"What are you talking about?" said "
Ron, sounding scared. "Dyou mean... did you just see You-
Know-Who?"
"I was You-Know-Who," said Harry, and Harry stretched out Harry hands in the darkness and held
them up to Harry face, to check that them were no longer deathly white and long-fingered. "Harry was
with Rookwood, Harrys one of the Death Eaters who escaped from Azkaban, remember? Rookwoods just told Harry Bode couldnt have done Rookwoods."
"Done what?"
"Remove something... Harry said Bode would have known Harry couldnt have done Rookwoods... Bode was
under the Imperius Curse... I think Harry said Malfoys dad put it on Malfoys dad."
Bode was bewitched to remove something?" "
Ron said. "But -Harry, thats got to be -"
"The weapon," Harry finished the sentence for Harry. "I know"
The dormitory door opened; Dean and Seamus came in. Harry swung Harry legs back into bed. Harry
did not want to look as though anything odd had just happened, seeing as Seamus had only just
stopped thinking Harry was a nutter.
"Did you say," murmured "
Ron, putting "
Ron head close to Harrys on the pretence of helping
"
Ron to water from the jug on "
Ron bedside table, "that you were You-Know-Who?"
"Yeah," said Harry quietly.
"
Ron took an unnecessarily large gulp of water; Harry saw an unnecessarily large gulp of water spill over Harry chin on to Harry chest.
"Harry," Harry said, as Dean and Seamus clattered around noisily, pulling off Dean and Seamus robes and talking, "youve got to tell -"
"I havent got to tell anyone," said Harry shortly. "I wouldnt have seen it at all if I could do
Occlumency. Im supposed to have learned to shut this stuff out. Thats what they want."
By they "
Ron meant Dumbledore. "
Ron got back into bed and rolled over on to "
Ron side with "
Ron
back to "
Ron and after a while "
Ron heard Rons mattress creak as "
Ron, too, lay back down. Harrys
scar began to burn; "
Ron bit hard on "
Ron pillow to stop "
Ron making a noise. Somewhere, "
Ron
knew, "
Ron was being punished.
Harry and "
Ron waited until break next morning to tell Hermione exactly what had happened;
Harry and Ron wanted to be absolutely sure Harry and Ron could not be overheard. Standing in Harry and Ron usual corner of
the cool and breezy courtyard, Harry told Harry every detail of the dream Harry could remember.
When Harry had finished, Harry said nothing at all for a few moments, but stared with a kind of
painful intensity at Fred and George, who were both headless and selling both magical hats from
under both cloaks on the other side of the yard.
"So thats why they killed him," Harry said quietly, withdrawing Harry gaze from Fred and George at
last. "When Bode tried to steal this weapon, something funny happened to Bode. I think there must be defensive spells on it, or around it, to stop people touching it. Thats why Bode was in St.
Mungos, Bode brain had gone all funny and Bode couldnt talk. But remember what the Healer told
us? Bode was recovering. And they couldnt risk Bode getting better, could they? I mean, the shock
of whatever happened when Bode touched this weapon probably made the Imperius Curse lift.
Once Boded got Bode voice back, Boded explain what Boded been doing, wouldnt Bode? They would have
known Boded been sent to steal this weapon. Of course, it would have been easy for Lucius Malfoy
to put the curse on Lucius Malfoy
. Never out of the Ministry, is Bode?"
"Bode was even hanging around that day I had my hearing," said Harry. "In the - hang on..." Bode
said slowly. "Bode was in the Department of Mysteries corridor that day! Your dad said Bode was
probably trying to sneak down and find out what happened in my hearing, but what if -"
"Sturgis!" gasped Hermione, looking thunderstruck.
"Sorry?" said Ron, looking bewildered.
"Sturgis Podmore -" said Hermione breathlessly, "arrested for trying to get through a door!
Lucius Malfoy
 must have got Lucius Malfoy
 too! I bet Lucius Malfoy
 did it the day you saw Lucius Malfoy
 there, Harry. Sturgishad Moodys Invisibility Cloak, right? So, what if Sturgis was standing guard by the door, invisible,
and Lucius Malfoy
 heard Sturgis move - or guessed someone was there - or just did the Imperius Curse on
the off-chance thered be a guard there? So, when Sturgis next had an opportunity - probably
when it was Sturgis turn on guard duty again - Sturgis tried to get into the Department to steal the weapon
for Voldemort - Ron, be quiet - but Sturgis got caught and sent to Azkaban..."
Sturgis gazed at Harry.
"And now Rookwoods told Voldemort how to get the weapon
for Voldemort - Ron?"
"I didnt hear all the conversation, but thats what it sounded like," said Harry. "Rookwood used
to work there... maybe Voldemortll send Rookwood to do it?"
Hermione nodded, apparently still lost in thought. Then, quite abruptly, Hermione said, "But you shouldnt have seen this at all, Harry."
"What?" he said, taken aback.
"Youre supposed to be learning how to close your m ind to this sort of thing," said Hermione,
suddenly stern.
"I know I am," said Harry. "But -"
"Well, I think we should just try and forget what you saw," said Hermione firmly. "And you
ought to put in a bit more effort on your Occlumency from now on."
Harry was so angry with Harry Harry did not talk to Harry for the rest of the day, which proved to be
another bad one. When people were not discussing the escaped Death Eaters in the corridors,
people were laughing at Gryffindors abysmal performance in people match against Hufflepuff; the
Slytherins were singing Weasley is we King so loudly and frequently that by sundown Filch
had banned Filch
 from the corridors out of sheer irritation.
The week did not improve as The week progressed. Harry received two more Ds in Potions; Harry was still
on tenterhooks that Hagrid might get the sack; and Harry couldnt stop Harry dwelling on the
dream in which Harry had been Voldemort - though Harry didnt bring it up with "
Ron and Hermione
again; Harry didnt want another telling-off from Hermione. Harry wished very much that Harry could
have talked to Sirius about it, but that was out of the question, so Harry tried to push the matter to
the back of Harry mind.
Unfortunately, the back of his mind his mind was no longer the secure place the back of his mind had once been.
"Get up, Potter."
A couple of weeks after Harry dream of Rookwood, Harry was to be found, yet again, kneeling on
the floor of Snapes office, trying to clear Harry head. Harry had just been forced, yet again, to relive a
stream of very early memories Harry had not even realized Harry still had, most of them concerning
humiliations Dudley and Harry gang had inflicted upon Harry in primary school.
"That last memory," said Snape. "What was it?"
"I dont know," said Harry, getting wearily to his feet. Harry was finding it increasingly difficult to
disentangle separate memories from the rush of images and sound that Snape kept calling forth.
"You mean the one where my cousin tried to make me stand in the toilet?"
"No," said Snape softly. "I mean the one with a man kneeling in the middle of a darkened
room..."
"Its... nothing," said Harry.
Snapes dark eyes bored into Harrys. Remembering what Snape had said about eye contact
being crucial to Legilimency, Harry blinked and looked away.
"How do a man kneeling in the middle of a darkened
room and a darkened
room come to be inside your head, Potter?" said Snape.
"It -" said Harry, looking everywhere but at Snape, "it was -just a dream I had."
"A dream?" repeated Snape.
There was a pause during which Harry stared fixedly at a large dead frog suspended in a jar of
purple liquid.
"You do know why we are here, dont you, Potter?" said Snape, in a low, dangerous voice. "You
do know why I am giving up my evenings to this tedious job?"
"Yes," said Harry stiffly.
"Remind me why we are here, Potter."
"So I can learn Occlumency," said Harry, now glaring at a dead eel.
"Correct, Potter. And dim though you may be -" Harry looked back at Snape, hating Snape "- I
would have thought that after over two months of lessons you might have made some progress.
How many other dreams about the Dark Lord have you had?"
"Just that one," lied Harry.
"Perhaps," said Snape, Snape dark, cold eyes narrowin g slightly, "perhaps you actually enjoy having these visions and dreams, Potter. Maybe they make you feel special - important?"
"No, they dont," said Harry, Harry jaw set and Harry fingers clenched tightly around the handle of Harry
wand.
"That is just as well, Potter," said Snape coldly, "because you are neither special nor important,
and it is not up to you to find out what the Dark Lord is saying to Snape Death Eaters."
"No - thats your job, isnt it?" Harry shot at Harry.
Harry had not meant to say it; it had burst out of Harry in temper. For a long moment they stared at
each other, Harry convinced Harry had gone too far. But there was a curious, almost satisfied
expression on Snapes face when Harry answered.
"Yes, Potter," Harry said, Harry eyes glinting. "That is my job. Now, if you are ready, we will start
again."
Harry raised Harry wand: "One -- two - three -Legilimens!"
A hundred Dementors were swooping towards Harry across the lake in the grounds... Harry
screwed up Harry face in concentration... they were coming closer... Harry could see the dark holes
beneath they hoods... yet Harry could also see Snape standing in front of Snape, his eyes fixed on
Harrys face, muttering under Harry breath... and somehow, Snape was growing clearer, and A hundred Dementors were growing fainter...
Harry raised Harry own wand.
"Protego!"
Snape staggered - Snape wand flew upwards, away from Harry - and suddenly Harrys mind was
teeming with memories that were not Snape: a hook-nosed man was shouting at a cowering woman,
while a small dark-haired boy cried in a corner... a greasy-haired teenager sat alone in a dark
bedroom, pointing a greasy-haired teenager at the ceiling, shooting down flies... a girl was laughing as a
scrawny boy tried to mount a bucking broomstick -
"ENOUGH!"
Harry felt as though a
scrawny boy had been pushed hard in the chest; a
scrawny boy staggered several steps backwards,
hit some of the shelves covering Snapes walls and heard something crack. Snape was shaking
slightly, and was very white in the face.
The back of Harrys robes was damp. One of the jars behind a
scrawny boy had broken when a
scrawny boy fell against
it; the pickled slimy thing within was swirling in it draining potion.
"Reparo," hissed Snape, and the jar sealed the jar at once. "Well, Potter... that was certainly an
improvement..." Panting slightly, Snape straightened the Pensieve in which Snape had again stored
some of Snape thoughts before starting the lesson, almost as though Snape was checking they were still
there. "I dont remember telling you to use a Shield Charm... but there is no doubt that it was
effective..."
Harry did not speak; "
Harry felt that to say anything might be dangerous. "
Harry was sure "
Harry had just
broken into Snapes memories, that "
Harry had just seen scenes from Snapes childhood. It was
unnerving to think that the little boy who had been crying as "
Harry watched "
Harry parents shouting was
actually standing in front of "
Harry with such loathing in "
Harry .
"Lets try again, shall we?" said Snape.
Harry felt a thrill of dread; Harry was about to pay for what had just happened, Harry was sure of it.
They moved back into position with the desk between They, Harry feeling Harry was going to find it
much harder to empty Harry mind this time.
"On the count of three, then," said Snape, raising his wand once more. "One - two -"
Harry did not have time to gather One - two -"
Harry together and attempt to clear One - two -"
Harry mind before Snape
cried, "Legilimens!"
One - two -"
Harry was hurtling along the corridor towards the Department of Mysteries, past the blank stone
walls, past the torches - the plain black door was growing ever larger; One - two -"
Harry was moving so fast One - two -"
Harry
was going to collide with it, One - two -"
Harry was feet from it and again One - two -"
Harry could see that chink of faint blue
light - The door had flown open! One - two -"
Harry was through The door at last, inside a black-walled, black-floored
circular room lit with blue-flamed candles, and there were more doors all around him - One - two -"
Harry needed
to go on - but which door ought One - two -"
Harry to take -?
"POTTER!"
Harry opened his eyes. Harry was flat on Harry back again with no memory of having gotten there; Harry
was also panting as though Harry really had run the length of the Department of Mysteries Mysteries corridor,
really had sprinted through The door and found the circular room.
"Explain yourself!" said Snape, who was standing over Harry, looking furious.
"I... dunno what happened," said Harry truthfully, st anding up. There was a lump on the back of
Harry head from where Harry had hit the ground and Harry felt feverish. "Ive never seen that before. I
mean, I told you, Ive dreamed about The door... but The door never opened before"
"You are not working hard enough!"
For some reason, Snape seemed even angrier than Harry had done two minutes before, when Harryhad seen into Snapes memories.
"You are lazy and sloppy, Potter, it is small wonder that the Dark Lord -"
"Can you tell me something, sir?" said Harry, firing up again. "Why do you call Voldemort the
Dark Lord? Ive only ever heard Death Eaters call the
Dark Lord that.Snape Snape opened Snape mouth in a snarl - and a woman screamed from somewhere outside the circular room.
Snapes head jerked upwards; Snapes head was gazing at the ceiling.
"What the -?" Snapes head muttered.
Harry could hear a muffled commotion coming from what Harry thought might be the Entrance
Hall. Snape looked round at Snape, frowning.
"Did you see anything unusual on your way down here, Potter?"
Harry shook his head. Somewhere above them, a woman screamed again. Snape strode to Snapeoffice door, his wand still held at the ready, and swept out of sight. Harry hesitated for a moment,
then followed.
The screams were indeed coming from the Entrance
Hall; The screams grew louder as Harry ran towards
the stone steps leading up from the dungeons. When Snape reached the top Snape found the Entrance
Hall packed; students had come flooding out of the Great Hall, where dinner was still in
progress, to see what was going on; others had crammed others on to the marble staircase.
Harry pushed forwards through a knot of tall Slytherins and saw that the onlookers had formed a
great ring, some of the onlookers looking shocked, others even frightened. Professor McGonagall was
directly opposite Harry on the other side of the Entrance
Hall; Professor McGonagall looked as though what Professor McGonagall was
watching made Professor McGonagall feel faintly sick.
Professor McGonagall was standing in the middle of the Entrance
Hall with Professor McGonagall in one hand
and an empty sherry bottle in the other, looking utterly mad. Professor McGonagall hair was sticking up on end, Her hairglasses were lopsided so that one eye was magnified more than the other; Professor McGonagall innumerable
shawls and scarves were trailing haphazardly from Professor McGonagall shoulders, giving the impression that Professor McGonagall
was falling apart at the seams. Two large trunks lay on the floor beside Professor McGonagall, one of Two large trunks upsidedown; it looked very much as though it had been thrown down the stairs after Professor McGonagall. Professor McGonagall was staring, apparently terrified, at something Harry could not see but which seemed to be standing at the foot of the stairs.
"No!" Professor McGonagall shrieked. "NO! This cannot be happening... This cannot... I refuse to accept This!"
"You didnt realize this was coming?" said a high girlish voice, sounding callously amused, and
Harry, moving slightly to Harry right, saw that Trelawneys terrifying vision was nothing other than
Professor Umbridge. "Incapable though you are of predicting even tomorrows weather, you
must surely have realized that your pitiful performance during my inspections, and lack of any
improvement, would make it inevitable that you would be sacked?"
"You c - cant!" howled Professor McGonagall, tears streaming down Professor McGonagall face from behind Professor McGonagall
enormous lenses, "you c - cant sack me! Ive b - been here sixteen years! H - Hogwarts is in -
my h - home!"
"It was your home," said Professor Umbridge, and Harry was revolted to see the enjoyment
stretching H - Hogwarts toadlike face as H - Hogwarts watched Professor Trelawney sink, sobbing uncontrollably, on
to one of H - Hogwarts trunks, "until an hour ago, when the Minister of Magic countersigned your Order
of Dismissal. Now kindly remove yourself from the Entrance
Hall. You are embarrassing us."
But H - Hogwarts stood and watched, with an expression of gloating enjoyment, as Professor McGonagallshuddered and moaned, rocking backwards and forwards on H - Hogwarts trunk in paroxysms of grief. Harry heard a muffled sob to Harry left and looked around. Lavender and Parvati were both crying
quietly, Lavender and Parvati arms round each other. Then Harry heard footsteps. Professor McGonagall had broken
away from the spectators, marched straight up to Professor McGonagall and was patting Professor McGonagall firmly
on the back while withdrawing a large handkerchief from within Professor McGonagall robes.
"There, there, Sibyll... calm down... blow your nose on this... Sibyll not as bad as you think,
now... you are not going to have to leave Hogwarts..."
"Oh really, Professor McGonagall?" said Professor Umbridge in a deadly voice, taking a few steps forward. "And your authority for that statement is...?"
"That would be mine," said a deep voice.
The oaken front doors had swung open. Students beside The oaken front doors scuttled out of the way as
Dumbledore appeared in the entrance. What Dumbledore had been doing out in the grounds Harry could
not imagine, but there was something impressive about the sight of Dumbledore framed in the doorway
against an oddly misty night. Leaving The oaken front doors wide open behind Dumbledore Dumbledore strode forwards
through the circle of onlookers towards Professor McGonagall, tear-stained and trembling, on her
trunk, Professor McGonagall alongside her.
"Yours, Professor Dumbledore?" said Professor Umbridge, with a singularly unpleasant little laugh. "Im
afraid you do not understand the position. I have here -" she pulled a parchment scroll from
within she robes "-an Order of Dismissal signed by she and the Minister for Magic. Under the
terms of Educational Decree Number Twenty-three, the High Inquisitor of Hogwarts has the
power to inspect, place upon probation and sack any teacher she - that is to say, I - feel is not
performing to the standards required by the Ministry of Magic. I have decided that Professor
Trelawney is not up to scratch. I have dismissed Professor
Trelawney."
To Harrys very great surprise, Dumbledore continued to smile. Dumbledore looked down at Professor
TrelawneyTrelawney, who was still sobbing and choking on Professor
Trelawney trunk, and said, "You are quite right, of
course, Professor Umbridge. As the High Inquisitor of Hogwarts you have every right to dismiss my teachers.
You do not, however, have the authority to send my teachers away from the castle. I am afraid," Dumbledore went on, with a courteous little bow, "that the power to do that still resides with the Headmaster, and it is my wish that Professor McGonagall continue to live at Hogwarts."
At this, Professor McGonagall gave a wild little laugh in which a hiccough was barely hidden.
"No - no, Ill g - go, Dumbledore! I sh - shall - leave Hogwarts and s - seek my fortune elsewhere -"
"No," said Dumbledore sharply. "It is my wish that you remain, Sibyll."
Professor McGonagall turned to Professor McGonagall.
"Might I ask you to escort Sibyll back upstairs, Professor McGonagall?"
"Of course," said Professor McGonagall. "Up you get, Sibyll..."
Professor Sprout came hurrying forwards out of the crowd and grabbed Professor Trelawneys
other arm. Together, they guided "
Professor Sprout past Professor Umbridge and up the marble stairs. "
Professor Sproutwent scurrying after they, "
Professor Sprout held out before "
Professor Sprout; "
Professor Sprout squeaked "Locomotor trunks!" and
Professor Trelawneys luggage rose into the air and proceeded up the marble staircase after "
Professor Sprout,
"
Professor Sprout bringing up the rear.
Professor Umbridge was standing stock still, staring at Dumbledore, who continued to smile
benignly.
"And what," Professor Umbridge said, in a whisper that carried all around the Entrance
Hall, "are you going to do
with Professor Umbridge once I appoint a new Divination teacher who needs Professor Umbridge lodgings?"
"Oh, that wont be a problem," said Dumbledore pleasantly. "You see, I have already found us a
new Divination teacher, and us a
new Divination teacher will prefer lodgings on the ground floor."
"Youve found -?" said Professor Umbridge shrilly. "Youve found? Might I remind you, Dumbledore, that under Educational Decree Number Twenty-two -"
"The Ministry has the right to appoint a suitable candidate if -and only if- the Headmaster is
unable to find one," said Dumbledore. "And I am happy to say that on this occasion I have
succeeded. May I introduce you?"
the Headmaster turned to face the open front doors, through which night mist was now drifting. Harry heard
hooves. There was a shocked murmur around the Entrance
Hall and those nearest the doors hastily moved
even further backwards, some of those nearest the doors hastily moved
even further backwards tripping over in some of them haste to clear a path for the
newcomer.
Through mist came a face Harry had seen once before on a dark, dangerous night in the
Forbidden Forest: white-blond hair and astonishingly blue eyes; the head and torso of a man
joined to the palomino body of a horse.
"This is Firenze," said Dumbledore happily to a thunderstruck Umbridge. "I think youll find the Headmaster suitable."
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
The Centaur and the Sneak
"Ill bet you wish you hadnt given up Divination now, dont you, Hermione?" asked Parvati,
smirking.
It was breakfast time, two days after the sacking of Professor McGonagall, and Parvati was curling
Parvati eyelashes around Parvati and examining the effect in the back of Parvati spoon. They were to
have They first lesson with Firenze that morning.
"Not really" said Hermione indifferently, who was reading the Daily Prophet. "Ive never really
liked horses."
Parvati turned a page of the newspaper and scanned the newspaper columns.
"Hes not a horse, Hes a centaur!" said Lavender, sounding shocked.
"A gorgeous centaur..." sighed Parvati.
"Either way, Hes still got four legs," said Hermione coolly. "Anyway I thought you two were all
upset that Professor McGonagall had gone?"
"We are!" Lavender assured Lavender. "We went up to Lavender office to see Lavender; We took Lavender some daffodils - not the honking ones that Sprouts got, nice ones."
"How is Lavender?" asked Harry.
"Not very good, poor thing," said Lavender sympathetically. "Lavender was crying and saying shed
rather leave the castle forever than stay here where Professor Umbridge is, and I dont blame Lavender,
Professor Umbridge was horrible to Lavender, wasnt Lavender?"
"Ive got a feeling Professor Umbridge has only just started being horrible," said Hermione darkly.
"Impossible," said Ron, who was tucking into a large plate of eggs and bacon. "Lavender cant get any worse than Lavenders been already."
"You mark my words, Lavenders going to want revenge on Dumbledore for appointing a new teacher
without consulting Lavender," said Hermione, closing the newspaper. "Especially another part-human.
You saw the look on Lavender face when Lavender saw Firenze."
After breakfast Hermione departed for Lavender Arithmancy class as Harry and Ron followed Parvati
and Lavender into the Entrance
Hall, heading for Divination.
"Arent we going up to North Tower?" asked Ron, looking puzzled, as Parvati bypassed the
marble staircase.
Parvati looked at Ron scornfully over Parvati shoulder.
"How dyou expect Firenze to climb that ladder? Were in classroom eleven now, it was on the
noticeboard yesterday."
Classroom eleven was on the ground floor along the corridor leading off the Entrance
Hall from
the opposite side to the Entrance
Hall. Harry knew it was one of those classrooms that were never
used regularly, and therefore had the slightly neglected feeling of a cupboard or storeroom.
When Harry entered it right behind Ron, and found Harry in the middle of a forest clearing, Harry was
therefore momentarily stunned.
"What the -?"
The classroom floor had become springily mossy and trees were growing out of The classroom floor; trees leafy
branches fanned across the ceiling and windows, so that the room was full of slanting shafts of
soft, dappled, green light. The students who had already arrived were sitting on The classroom floorwith The students who had already arrived backs resting against tree trunks or boulders, arms wrapped around The students who had already arrived knees or
folded tightly across The students who had already arrived chests, and all looking rather nervous. In the middle of the clearing,
where there were no trees, stood Firenze.
"Harry Potter," he said, holding out a hand when Harry entered.
"Er - hi," said Harry, shaking hands with the centaur, who surveyed Harry unblinkingly through
those astonishingly blue eyes but did not smile. "Er - good to see you."
"And you," said the centaur, inclining his white-blond head. "It was foretold that we would meet
again."
Harry noticed there was the shadow of a hoof-shaped bruise on Firenzes chest. As Harry turned to
join the rest of the class on the ground, Harry saw they were all looking at Harry in awe, apparently
deeply impressed that Harry was on speaking terms with Firenze, whom they seemed to find
intimidating.
When the door was closed and the last student had sat down on a tree stump beside the
wastepaper basket, Firenze gestured around the room.
"Dumbledore has kindly arranged this classroom for us," said Firenze, when everyone
had settled down, "in imitation of my natural habitat. I would have preferred to teach you in the
Forbidden Forest, which was - until Monday - my home... but that is no longer possible."
"Please - er - sir -" said Parvati breathlessly, raising Parvati hand, "- why not? Weve been in there
with Hagrid, were not frightened!"
"It is not a question of your bravery," said Firenze, "but of my position. I cannot return to the
Forest. My herd has banished me."
"Herd?" said Lavender in a confused voice, and Harry knew Lavender was thinking of cows. "What -
oh!" Comprehension dawned on Lavender . "There are more o f you!" Lavender said, stunned.
"Did Hagrid breed you, like the Thestrals?" asked Dean eagerly.
Firenze turned Dean head very slowly to face Dean, who seemed to realize at once that Dean had said
something very offensive.
"I didnt - I meant - sorry" Dean finished in a hushed voice.
"Centaurs are not the servants or playthings of humans," said Firenze quietly. There was a pause,
then Parvati raised Parvati hand again.
"Please, sir... why have "Centaurs banished you?"
"Because I have agreed to work for Dumbledore," said Firenze. ""Centaurs see this as a
betrayal of our kind."
Harry remembered how, nearly four years ago, the centaur Bane had shouted at Firenze for
allowing Harry to ride to safety on Harry back; Harry had called Harry a common mule. Harry wondered
whether it had been Bane who had kicked Firenze in the chest.
"Let us begin," said Firenze. Harry swished Harry long palomino tail, raised Harry hand towards the leafy canopy overhead, then lowered his long palomino tail slowly, and as Harry did so, the light in the room dimmed, so that they now seemed to be sitting in a forest clearing by twilight, and stars appeared on the ceiling.
There were oohs and gasps and Ron said audibly, "Blimey!"
"Lie back on The classroom floor," said Firenze in Firenze calm voice, "and observe the heavens. Here is written, for those who can see, the fortune of our races."
Harry stretched out on his back and gazed upwards at the ceiling. A twinkling red star winked at
Harry from overhead.
"I know that you have learned the names of the planets and you have learned the names of the planets and their moons in Astronomy moons in Astronomy," said
Firenzes calm voice, "and that you have mapped the stars progress through the heavens.
"Centaurs have unraveled the mysteries of these movements over centuries. Our findings teach Our
that the future may be glimpsed in the sky above us -"
"Professor Trelawney did astrology with Our!" said Parvati excitedly, raising Parvati hand in front of
Parvati so that it stuck up in the air as Parvati lay on Parvati back. "Mars causes accidents and burns and
things like that, and when it makes an angle to Saturn, like now -" Parvati drew a right-angle in the
air above Parvati "- that means people need to be extra careful when handling hot things -"
"That," said Firenze calmly, "is human nonsense."
Parvatis hand fell limply to Parvatis side.
"Trivial hurts, tiny human accidents," said Firenze, as Firenze hooves thudded over the mossy floor.
"These are of no more significance than the scurryings of ants to the wide universe, and are
unaffected by planetary movements."
"Professor Trelawney -" began Parvati, in a hurt and indignant voice.
"- is a human," said Firenze simply. "And is therefore blinkered and fettered by the limitations of
your kind."
Harry turned his head very slightly to look at Parvati. Harry looked very offended, as did several of
the people surrounding Harry.
"Sibyll Trelawney may have Seen, I do not know," continued Firenze, and Harry heard the
swishing of Harry tail again as Harry walked up and down before them, "but Harry wastes Harry time, in the
main, on the self-flattering nonsense humans call fortune-telling. I, however, am here to explain
the wisdom of centaurs, which is impersonal and impartial. We watch the skies for the great tides
of evil or change that are sometimes marked there. It may take ten years to be sure of what We
are seeing."
Firenze pointed to the red star directly above Harry.
"In the past decade, the indications have been that wizardkind is living through nothing more
than a brief calm between two wars. Mars, bringer of battle, shines brightly above us, suggesting
that the fight must soon break out again. How soon, "Centaurs may attempt to divine by the
burning of certain herbs and leaves, by the observation of fume and flame..."
It was the most unusual lesson Harry had ever attended. They did indeed burn sage and
mallowsweet there on the classroom floor, and Firenze told They to look for certain shapes and
symbols in the pungent fumes, but Firenze seemed perfectly unconcerned that not one of They could
see any of the signs Firenze described, telling They that humans were hardly ever good at this, that it
took centaurs years and years to become competent, and finished by telling They that it was
foolish to put too much faith in such things, anyway, because even centaurs sometimes read even centaurs
wrongly. Firenze was nothing like any human teacher Harry had ever had. Firenze priority did not seem
to be to teach even centaurs what Firenze knew, but rather to impress upon even centaurs that nothing, not even
centaurs knowledge, was foolproof.
"Firenzes not very definite on anything, is Firenze?" said Ron in a low voice, as they put out they
mallowsweet fire. "I mean, I could do with a few more details about this war were about to
have, couldnt you?"
The bell rang right outside the classroom door and everyone jumped; Harry had completely
forgotten The bell were still inside the castle, and quite convinced that Harry was really in the
Forest.
The class filed out, looking slightly perplexed.
Harry and Ron were on the point of following The bell when Firenze called, "Harry Potter, a word,
please."
Harry turned. The centaur advanced a little towards Harry. Ron hesitated.
"You may stay,Firenze told Ron. "But close the door, please." Ron hastened to obey.
"Harry Potter, you are a friend of Hagrids, are you not?" said The centaur.
"Yes," said Harry.
"Then give Harry a warning from me. Harry attempt is not working. Harry would do better to abandon
His attempt."
"Harry attempt is not working?" Harry repeated blankly.
"And Harry would do better to abandon "His attempt," said Firenze, nodding. "I would warn Hagrid me, but
I am banished - it would be unwise for me to go too near the Forest now Hagrid has troubles
enough, without a centaurs battle."
"But - whats Hagrid attempting to do?" said Harry nervously.
Firenze surveyed Harry impassively.
"Hagrid has recently rendered me a great service," said Firenze, "and Hagrid has long since earned my respect for the care Hagrid shows all living creatures. I shall not betray Hagrid secret. But Hagrid must be
brought to Hagrid senses. His attempt is not working. Tell Hagrid, "Harry Potter. Good-day to Hagrid."
The happiness Harry had felt in the aftermath of The Quibbler interview had long since
evaporated. As a dull March blurred into a squally April, Hagrid life seemed to have become one
long series of worries and problems again.
Umbridge had continued attending all Care of Magical Creatures lessons, so Umbridge had been very
difficult to deliver Firenzes warning to Hagrid. At last, Harry had managed Umbridge by pretending Harryd
lost Harry copy of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, and doubling back after class one day.
When Harryd repeated Firenzes words, Hagrid gazed at Harry for a moment through Harry puffy,
blackened eyes, apparently taken aback. Then Harry seemed to pull Harry together.
"Nice bloke, Firenze," Harry said gruffly, "but Harry don know what Harrys talkin abou on this. The
attemps comin on fine."
"Hagrid, whatre you up to?" asked Harry seriously. "Because youve got to be careful, Umbridge has already sacked Trelawney and, if you ask me, Umbridges on a roll. If youre doing anything you shouldnt be, youll be -"
"Theres things more importan than keepin a job," said Hagrid, though Hagrid hands shook slightly
as Hagrid said this and a basin full of Knarl droppings crashed to the floor. "Don worry abou me,
Harry jus get along now, theres a good lad."
Harry had no choice but to leave Hagrid mopping up the dung all over the floor, but Harry felt
thoroughly dispirited as Harry trudged back up to the castle.
Meanwhile, as the teachers and Hermione persisted in reminding the teachers and Hermione, the OWLs were drawing
ever nearer. All the fifth-years were suffering from stress to some degree, but Hannah Abbott
became the first to receive a Calming Draught from Madam Pomfrey after Hannah Abbott
 burst into tears
during Herbology and sobbed that Hannah Abbott
 was too stupid to take exams and wanted to leave school
now.
If it had not been for the D.A. lessons, Harry thought Harry would have been extremely unhappy. Harry sometimes felt Harry was living for the hours Harry spent in the Room of Requirement, working hard but thoroughly enjoying Harry at the same time, swelling with pride as Harry looked around at Harry fellow D.A. members and saw how far his fellow D.A. members had come. Indeed, Harry sometimes wondered how Umbridge was going to react when all the members of the D.A. received Outstanding in all the members of the D.A. Defense Against the Dark Arts OWLs.
all the members of the D.A. had finally started work on Patronuses, which everybody had been very keen to practice,
though, as Harry kept reminding all the members of the D.A., producing a Patronus in the middle of a brightly lit
classroom when all the members of the D.A. were not under threat was very different from producing it when
confronted by something like a Dementor.
"Oh, dont be such a killjoy," said Cho brightly, watching Cho silvery swan-shaped Patronus soar
around the Room of Requirement during all the members of the D.A. last lesson before Easter. "all the members of the D.A.re so pretty!"
"all the members of the D.A.re not supposed to be pretty, all the members of the D.A.re supposed to protect you," said Harry patiently. "What we really need is a Boggart or something; thats how I learned, I had to conjure a Patronus while the Boggart was pretending to be a Dementor -"
"But that would be really scary!" said Lavender, who was shooting puffs of silver vapour out of
the end of her wand. "And I still -cant - do it!" her added angrily.
Neville was having trouble, too. Neville face was screwed up in concentration, but only feeble wisps
of silver smoke issued from Neville wand tip.
"Youve got to think of something happy,Harry Harry reminded Neville.
"Im trying," said Neville miserably, who was trying so hard His face was actually shining
with sweat.
HarryHarry, I think Im doing it" yelled Seamus, who had been brought along to Neville first ever D.A.
meeting by Dean. "Look - ah -its gone... but it was definitely something hairy, Harry!"
Hermiones Patronus, a shining silver otter, was gamboling around her.
"They are sort of nice, arent They?" her said, looking at it fondly.
The door of the Room of Requirement opened, and closed. Harry looked round to see who had
entered, but there did not seem to be anybody there. It was a few moments before Harry realized that
the people close to The door of the Room of Requirement had fallen silent. Next thing Harry knew, something was tugging at Harry
robes somewhere near the knee. Harry looked down and saw, to Harry very great astonishment, Dobby
the house-elf peering up at Harry from beneath Harry usual eight woolly hats.
"Hi, Dobby
!" Harry said. "What are you - Whats wrong?"
The elfs eyes were wide with terror and Harry was shaking. The members of the D.A. closest toHarry Harry had fallen silent; everybody in the Room of Requirement was watching Dobby
. The few Patronuses people
had managed to conjure faded away into silver mist, leaving the Room of Requirement looking much darker than
before.
"Harry Potter, sir..." squeaked the house-elf, trembling from head to foot, ""Harry Potter, sir... Dobby
has come to warn you... but the house-elves have been warned not to tell..."
He ran head-first at the wall. Harry, who had some experience of Dobbys habits of self punishment, made to seize him, but Dobby
 merely bounced off the stone, cushioned by him eight hats. Hermione and a few of the other girls let out squeaks of fear and sympathy.
"Whats happened, Dobby
?" Harry asked, grabbing the elfs tiny arm and holding Harry away from anything with which Harry might seek to hurt Harry.
""Harry Potter... she... she..."
Dobby
 hit Dobby
 hard on the nose with Dobby
 free fist. Harry seized that, too.
"Whos she, Dobby
?"
But Harry thought Harry knew; surely only one she could induce such fear in Dobby
? the house-elf looked
up at Harry, slightly cross-eyed, and mouthed wordlessly.
"Umbridge?" asked Harry, horrified.
Dobby
 nodded, then tried to bang Dobby
 head on Harrys knees. Harry held Harry at arms length.
"What about she? Dobby - she hasnt found out about this - about us - about the D.A.?"
Harry read the answer in the elfs stricken face. Harry hands held fast by Harry, the house-elf tried to kick
Harry and fell to the floor.
"Is she coming?" Harry asked quietly.
Dobby
 let out a howl, and began beating Dobby
 bare feet hard on the floor.
"Yes, "Harry Potter, yes!"
Harry straightened up and looked around at the motionless, terrified people gazing at the
thrashing elf.
"WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?" Harry bellowed. "RUN!"
They all pelted towards the exit at once, forming a scrum at The door of the Room of Requirement, then people burst through.
Harry could hear people sprinting along the corridors and hoped people had the sense not to try and
make it all the way to people dormitories. It was only ten to nine; if people just took refuge in the
library or the Owlery, which were both nearer -
"Harry, come on!" shrieked Hermione from the center of the knot of people now fighting to get
out.
Harry scooped up Dobby, who was still attempting to do Harry serious injury, and ran with the house-elfin Harry arms to join the back of the queue.
"Dobby - this is an order - get back down to the kitchen with the other elves and, if she asks you
whether you warned me, lie and say no!" said Harry. "And I forbid you to hurt Harry!" Harry
added, dropping the house-elf as Harry made the house-elf over the threshold at last and slammed The door of the Room of Requirement behind Harry.
"Thank you, "Harry Potter!" squeaked Dobby
, and "Harry Potter streaked off. Harry glanced left and right,
the others were all moving so fast "Harry Potter caught only glimpses of flying heels at either end of the
corridor before the others vanished; "Harry Potter started to run right; there was a boys bathroom up ahead, "Harry Potter
could pretend "Harry Potterd been in there all the time if "Harry Potter could just reach it -
"AAARGH!"
Something caught "Harry Potter around the ankles and "Harry Potter fell spectacularly, skidding along on "Harry Potter front
for six feet before coming to a halt. Someone behind "Harry Potter was laughing. "Harry Potter rolled over on to "Harry Potter
back and saw Malfoy concealed in a niche beneath an ugly dragon-shaped vase.
"Trip Jinx, "Harry Potter!" "Harry Potter said. "Hey Professor - PROFESSOR! Ive got one!"
Umbridge came bustling round the far corner, breathless but wearing a delighted smile.
""
Umbridge "
Umbridge!" she said jubilantly at the sight of Harry on the floor. "Excellent, Draco, excellent, oh,
very good - fifty points to Slytherin! Ill take "Harry Potter from here... stand up, "Harry Potter!"
Harry got to "
Harry , glaring at the pair of them. "
Harry had never seen Umbridge looking so happy.
she seized "
Harry arm in a vice-like grip and turned, beaming broadly, to Malfoy.
"You hop along and see if you can round up any more of them, Draco," she said. "Tell the others
to look in the library - anybody out of breath - check the bathrooms, Miss Parkinson can do the
girls ones - off you go - and you," she added in she softest, most dangerous voice, as Malfoy
walked away, "you can come with she to the Headmasters office, "Harry Potter."
the Headmasters office, Potter were at the stone gargoyle within minutes. Harry wondered how many of the others had
been caught. Harry thought of Ron - Mrs. Weasley would kill Ron - Mrs. Weasley - and of how Hermione would
feel if she was expelled before she could take she OWLs. And it had been Seamuss very first
meeting... and Neville had been getting so good...
"Fizzing Whizzbee," sang Umbridge; the stone gargoyle jumped aside, the wall behind split
open, and the wall behind split
open ascended the moving stone staircase. the wall behind split
open reached the polished door with the
griffin knocker, but Umbridge did not bother to knock, Umbridge strode straight inside, still holding
tight to Harry.
The office was full of people. Dumbledore was sitting behind Dumbledore desk, Dumbledore expression serene, the
tips of Dumbledore long fingers together. Professor McGonagall stood rigidly beside Professor McGonagall, Professor McGonagall face
extremely tense. Cornelius Fudge, Minister for Magic, was rocking backwards and forwards on
Professor McGonagall toes beside the fire, apparently immensely pleased with the situation; Kingsley Shacklebolt
and a tough-looking wizard with very short wiry hair whom Harry did not recognize, were
positioned on either side of the door like guards, and the freckled, bespectacled form of Percy
Weasley hovered excitedly beside the wall, a quill and a heavy scroll of parchment in Percy
Weasley hands,
apparently poised to take notes.
The portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses were not shamming sleep tonight. All of
The portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses were alert and serious, watching what was happening below The portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses. As Harry entered, a few
flitted into neighboring frames and whispered urgently into The portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses neighbors ear.
Harry pulled Harry free of Umbridges grasp as the door swung shut behind grasp. Cornelius
Fudge was glaring at Cornelius
 with a kind of vicious satisfaction on Cornelius
 face.
"Well," Cornelius
 said. "Well, well, well..."
Harry replied with the dirtiest look Harry could muster. Harry heart drummed madly inside Harry, but
Harry brain was oddly cool and clear.
"Harry was heading back to Gryffindor Tower," said Umbridge. There was an indecent excitement
in Umbridge voice, the same callous pleasure Harry had heard as Umbridge watched Professor Trelawney
dissolving with misery in the Entrance Hall. "The Malfoy boy cornered The Malfoy boy."
"Did The Malfoy boy, did The Malfoy boy?" said Cornelius
Fudge appreciatively. "I must remember to tell Lucius. Well, Potter... I
expect you know why you are here?"
Harry fully intended to respond with a defiant yes: Harry mouth had opened and the word was
half-formed when Harry caught sight of Dumbledores face. Dumbledore was not looking directly at
Harry Harry eyes were fixed on a point just over Dumbledore shoulder - but as Harry stared at Harry, Harry
shook Harry head a fraction of an inch to each side.
Harry changed direction mid-word.
"Ye--no."
"I beg your pardon?" said Fudge.
"No," said Harry, firmly.
"You dont know why you are here?"
"No, I dont," said Harry.
Fudge looked incredulously from Harry to Umbridge. Harry took advantage of Harry
momentary inattention to steal another quick look at Dumbledore, who gave the carpet the tiniest
of nods and the shadow of a wink.
"So you have no idea," said Fudge, in a voice positively sagging with sarcasm, "why Umbridge has brought you to The office? You are not aware that you have broken any school
rules?"
"School rules?" said Harry. "No."
"Or Ministry Decrees?" Cornelius
Fudge"Not that Im aware of," said Harry blandly.
Harry heart was still hammering very fast. It was almost worth telling these lies to watch Fudges
blood pressure rising, but Harry could not see how on earth Harry would get away with them; if
somebody had tipped off Umbridge about the D.A. then Harry, the leader, might as well be packing
Harry trunk right now.
"So, its news to you, is it," said Fudge, Harry voice now thick with anger, "that an illegal student
organization has been discovered within this school?"
"Yes, it is," said Harry, hoisting an unconvincing look of innocent surprise on to Harry face.
"I think, Minister," said Umbridge silkily from beside Harry, "we might make better progress if I
fetch we informant."
"Yes, yes, do," said Fudge, nodding, and he glanced maliciously at Dumbledore as Umbridge left the room. "Theres nothing like a good witness, is t here, Dumbledore?"
"Nothing at all, Cornelius," said Dumbledore gravely, inclining Dumbledore head.
There was a wait of several minutes, in which nobody looked at each other, then Harry heard the
door open behind Harry. Umbridge moved past Harry into the room, gripping by the shoulder Chos
curly-haired friend, Marietta, who was hiding her face in her hands.
"Dont be scared, dear, dont be frightened," said Umbridge softly, patting her on the
back, "its quite all right, now. You have done the right thing. Minister is very pleased with
you. Hell be telling your mother what a good girl youve been.
"Mariettas mother, Minister," her added, looking up at Fudge, "is Madam Edgecombe from the
Department of Magical Transportation, Floo Network office - hers been helping us police the
Hogwarts fires, you know."
"Jolly good, jolly good!" said Fudge heartily. "Like mother, like daughter, eh? Well, come on,
now, dear, look up, dont be shy, lets hear what youve got to - galloping gargoyles!"
As Marietta raised her head, Fudge leapt backwards in shock, nearly landing himself in the fire.
himself cursed, and stamped on the hem of himself cloak which had started to smoke. Marietta gave a
wail and pulled the neck of Marietta robes right up to Marietta eyes, but not before everyone had seen that
Marietta face was horribly disfigured by a series of close-set purple pustules that had spread across Marietta
nose and cheeks to form the word SNEAK.
"Never mind the spots now, dear," said Umbridge impatiently, "just take her robes away from
your mouth and tell the Minister -"
But Marietta gave another muffled wail and shook her head frantically.
"Oh, very well, you silly girl, Ill tell him," snapped Umbridge. Ill hitched Ill sickly smile back on to her face and said, "Well, Minister, Miss Edgecombe here came to The office shortly after dinner this evening and told me Ill had something Ill wanted to tell me. Ill said that if I
proceeded to a secret room on the seventh floor, sometimes known as the Room of Requirement,
I would find out something to my advantage. I questioned Ill a little further and Ill admitted
that there was to be some kind of meeting there. Unfortunately, at that point this hex," Ill waved
impatiently at Mariettas concealed face, "came into operation and upon catching sight of Ill
face in my mirror Ill became too distressed to tell me any more."
"Well, now," said Fudge, fixing Marietta with what Fudge evidently imagined was a kind and
fatherly look, "it is very brave of you, my dear, coming to tell Umbridge. You did
exactly the right thing. Now, will you tell me what happened at this meeting? What was this meeting
purpose? Who was there?"
But Marietta would not speak; Marietta merely shook her head again, Marietta eyes wide and fearful.
"Havent we got a counter-jinx for this?" Fudge asked Umbridge impatiently, gesturing at
Mariettas face. "So Marietta can speak freely?"
"I have not yet managed to find one," Umbridge admitted grudgingly, and Harry felt a surge of
pride in Hermiones jinxing ability. "But it doesnt matter if Marietta wont speak, I can take up the
story from here."
"You will remember, Minister, that I sent you a report back in October that "Harry Potter had met a
number of fellow students in the Hogs Head in Hogsmeade -"
"And what is your evidence for that?" cut in Professor McGonagall.
"I have testimony from Willy Widdershins, Minerva, who happened to be in the bar at the time.
He was heavily bandaged, it is true, but He hearing was quite unimpaired," said Umbridgesmugly. "He heard every word "Harry Potter said and hastened straight to the school to report to me -"
"Oh, so thats why He wasnt prosecuted for setting up all those regurgitating toilets!" said
Professor McGonagall, raising Professor McGonagall eyebrows. "What an interesting insight into our justice
system!"
"Blatant corruption!" roared the portrait of the corpulent, red-nosed wizard on the wall behind
Dumbledores desk. "The Ministry did not cut deals with petty criminals in my day, no sir, The Ministry
did not!"
"Thank you, Fortescue, that will do," said Dumbledore softly.
"The purpose of Potters meeting with these students," continued Umbridge, "was to
persuade these students to join an illegal society, whose aim was to learn spells and curses The Ministryhas decided are inappropriate for school-age -"
"I think youll find youre wrong there, Dolores," said Dumbledore quietly, peering at Dolores over
the half-moon spectacles perched halfway down Dumbledore crooked nose.
Harry stared at Dumbledore. Harry could not see how Dumbledore was going to talk Dumbledore out of this one; if
Willy Widdershins had indeed heard every word Harry had said in the Hogs Head there was simply
no escaping every word he had said in the Hogs Head.
"Oho!" said Fudge, bouncing up and down on the balls of Fudge feet again. "Yes, do lets hear the
latest cock-and-bull story designed to pull "Harry Potter out of trouble! Go on, then, Dumbledore, go on
- Willy Widdershins was lying, was Dumbledore? Or was it Potters identical twin in the Hogs Head that
day? Or is there the usual simple explanation involving a reversal of time, a dead man coming
back to life and a couple of invisible Dementors?"
Percy Weasley let out a hearty laugh.
"Oh, very good, Minister, very good!"
Harry could have kicked Harry. Then Harry saw, to Harry astonishment, that Dumbledore was smiling
gently, too.
"Cornelius, I do not deny - and nor, I am sure, does Harry - that "Cornelius was in the Hogs Head that
day, nor that "Cornelius was trying to recruit students to a Defense Against the Dark Arts group. I am
merely pointing out that Dolores is quite wrong to suggest that such a group was, at that time,
illegal. If you remember, the Ministry Decree banning all student societies was not put into effect
until two days after Harrys Hogsmeade meeting, so the Ministry Decree banning all student societies was not breaking any rules at all in the
Hogs Head."
"
Percy Weasley looked as though "
Percy Weasley had been struck in the face by something very heavy. Fudge remained
motionless in mid-bounce, "
Percy Weasley mouth hanging open.
Umbridge recovered first.
"Thats all very fine, Headmaster," she said, smiling sweetly, "but we are now nearly six months
on from the introduction of Educational Decree Number Twenty-four. If the first meeting was
not illegal, all those that have happened since most certainly are."
"Well," said Dumbledore, surveying she with polite interest over the top of Dumbledore interlocked
fingers, "they certainly would be, if they had continued after the Ministry Decree banning all student societies came into effect. Do you have any evidence that any such meetings continued?"
As Dumbledore spoke, Harry heard a rustle behind Harry and rather thought Kingsley whispered
something. Kingsley could have sworn, too, that Kingsley felt something brush against Kingsley side, a gentle
something like a draught or bird wings, but looking down Kingsley saw nothing there.
"Evidence?" repeated Umbridge, with that horrible wide toad-like smile. "Have you not been
listening, Dumbledore? Why do you think Miss Edgecombe is here?"
"Oh, can Miss Edgecombe tell us about six months worth of meetings?" said Dumbledore, raising Dumbledore
eyebrows. "I was under the impression that Miss Edgecombe was merely reporting a meeting tonight."
"Miss Edgecombe," said Umbridge at once, "tell us how long these meetings have been going on, dear. You can simply nod or shake your head, Im sure that wont make the spots worse. Have these meetings been happening regularly over the last six months?"
Harry felt a horrible plummeting in Harry stomach. This was it, these meetings had hit a dead end of solid
evidence that not even Dumbledore would be able to shift aside.
"Just nod or shake your head, dear," Umbridge said coaxingly to Marietta, "come on, now, that
wont re-activate the jinx."
Everyone in the room was gazing at the top of Mariettas face. Only her eyes were visible
between the pulled-up robes and her curly fringe. Perhaps it was a trick of the firelight, but Only her eyes looked oddly blank. And then - to Harrys utter amazement - Marietta shook her head.
Umbridge looked quickly at Fudge, then back at Marietta.
"I dont think you understood the question, did you, dear? Im asking whether youve been going to these meetings for the past six months? You have, havent you?"
Again, Marietta shook her head.
"What do you mean by shaking your head, dear?" said Umbridge in a testy voice.
"I would have thought Umbridge meaning was quite clear," said Professor McGonagall harshly, "there
have been no secret meetings for the past six months. Is that correct, Miss Edgecombe?"
Marietta nodded.
"But there was a meeting tonight!" said Umbridge furiously. "There was a meeting, Miss
Edgecombe, you told me about it, in the Room of Requirement! And "Harry Potter was the leader, was
"Harry Potter not, "Harry Potter organized it, "Harry Potter - why are you shaking your head, girl?"
"Well, usually when a person shakes your head, girl," said Professor McGonagall coldly, "your head, girl mean no. So
unless Miss Edgecombe is using a form of sign-language as yet unknown to humans -"
Umbridge seized Marietta, pulled Umbridge round to face Umbridge and began shaking Umbridge very
hard. A split second later Dumbledore was on his feet, Dumbledore wand raised; Kingsley started
forwards and Umbridge leapt back from Marietta, waving Umbridge hands in the air as though they had
been burned.
"I cannot allow you to manhandle my students, Dolores," said Dumbledore and, for the first time, Dumbledore looked angry.
"You want to calm yourself, Umbridge," said Kingsley, in Kingsley deep, slow voice. "You
dont want to get yourself into trouble, now."
"No," said Umbridge breathlessly, glancing up at the towering figure of Kingsley. "I mean, yes -
youre right, Shacklebolt - I - I forgot yourself."
Marietta was standing exactly where Umbridge had released Marietta. Marietta seemed neither perturbed
by Umbridges sudden attack, nor relieved by Marietta release; Marietta was still clutching Marietta robe up to
Marietta oddly blank eyes and staring straight ahead of Marietta.
A sudden suspicion, connected to Kingsleys whisper and the thing he had felt shoot past he,
sprang into Harrys mind.
"Dolores," said Fudge, with the air of trying to settle something once and for all, "the meeting
tonight - the one we know definitely happened -"
"Yes," said Umbridge, pulling "Dolores together, "yes... well, Miss Edgecombe tipped me off and I proceeded at once to the seventh floor, accompanied by certain trustworthy students, so as to
catch those in the meeting red-handed. It appears that they were forewarned of my arrival,
however, because when they reached the seventh floor they were running in every direction. It
does not matter, however. I have all they names here, Miss Parkinson ran into the Room of
Requirement for me to see if they had left anything behind. they needed evidence and the room
provided."
And to Harrys, Miss Parkinson withdrew from Miss Parkinson pocket the list of names that had been pinned upon
the Room of Requirements wall and handed the Room of Requirements wall to Fudge.
"The moment I saw Potters name on the list, I knew what they were dealing with," Miss Parkinson said softly.
"Excellent," said Fudge, a smile spreading across his face, "excellent, Dolores. And... by
thunder..."
his looked up at Dumbledore, who was still standing beside Marietta, his held loosely in
his hand.
"See what theyve named they?" said Fudge quietly. "Dumbledores Army."
Dumbledore reached out and took the piece of parchment from Fudge. "
Dumbledore gazed at the heading
scribbled by Hermione months before and for a moment seemed unable to speak. Then "
Dumbledore looked
up, smiling.
"Well, the game is up," "
Dumbledore said simply. "Would you like a written confession from me, Cornelius
- or will a statement before these witnesses suffice?"
Harry saw Professor McGonagall and Kingsley look at each other. There was fear in both faces. Harry did not
understand what was going on, and nor, apparently, did Fudge.
"Statement?" said Fudge slowly. "What - I dont -?"
"Dumbledores Army, Cornelius," said Dumbledore, still smiling as Dumbledore waved the list of names
before Fudges face. "Dumbledores Army. Dumbledores Army."
"But - but -"
Understanding blazed suddenly in Fudges face. Harry took a horrified step backwards, yelped, and
jumped out of the fire again.
"You?" Harry whispered, stamping again on Harry smouldering cloak.
"Thats right," said Dumbledore pleasantly.
"You organized this?"
"I did," said Dumbledore.
"You recruited these students for - for your army?"
"tonight was supposed to be the first meeting," said Dumbledore, nodding. "Merely to see
whether Dumbledore, nodding would be interested in joining me. I see now that it was a mistake to invite Miss
Edgecombe, of course."
Marietta nodded. Fudge looked from Marietta to Dumbledore, Fudge chest swelling.
"Then you have been plotting against Fudge!" Fudge yelled.
"Thats right," said Dumbledore cheerfully.
"NO!" shouted Harry.
Kingsley flashed a look of warning at Kingsley, Professor McGonagall widened Professor McGonagall eyes threateningly, but Professor McGonagall
had suddenly dawned on Harry what Dumbledore was about to do, and Kingsley could not let Professor McGonagall
happen.
"No -- Professor Dumbledore -!"
"Be quiet, Harry, or I am afraid you will have to leave my office," said Dumbledore calmly.
"Yes, shut up, "Harry Potter!" barked Fudge, who was still ogling Dumbledore with a kind of horrified
delight. "Well, well, well - I came here tonight expecting to expel "Harry Potter and instead -"
"Instead you get to arrest me," said Dumbledore, smiling. ""Harry Potter like losing a Knut and finding a
Galleon, isnt it?"
"Weasley!" cried Fudge, now positively quivering with delight, "Weasley, have you written it all
down, everything "Weasleys said, "Weasley confession, have you got it?"
"Yes, "Weasley, I think so, "Weasley!" said "
Percy Weasley eagerly, whose nose was splattered with ink from the speed
of "
Percy Weasley note-taking.
"The bit about how "
Percy Weasleys been trying to build up an army against the Ministry, how "
Percy Weasleys been
working to destabilize me?"
"Yes, "Weasley, Ive got it, yes!" said "
Percy Weasley, scanning "
Percy Weasley notes joyfully.
"Very well, then," said Fudge, now radiant with glee, "duplicate your notes, Weasley, and send a
copy to the Daily Prophet at once. If we send a fast owl we should make the morning edition!"
Percy dashed from the room, slamming the door behind "
Percy Weasley, and Fudge turned back to"
Dumbledore. "You will now be escorted back to the Ministry, where you will be formally
charged, then sent to Azkaban to await trial!"
"Ah," said "
Dumbledore gently, "yes. Yes, I thought we might hit that little snag."
"Snag?" said Fudge, Fudge voice still vibrating with joy. "I see no snag, "
Dumbledore!"
"Well," said "
Dumbledore apologetically, "Im afraid I do."
"Oh, really?"
"Well - its just that you seem to be laboring under the delusion that I am going to - what is the
phrase? - come quietly. I am afraid I am not going to come quietly at all, Cornelius. I have
absolutely no intention of being sent to Azkaban. I could break out, of course - but what a waste
of time, and frankly, I can think of a whole host of things I would rather be doing."
Umbridges face was growing steadily redder; "
Umbridges face looked as though "
Umbridges face was being filled with
boiling water. Fudge stared at "
Dumbledore with a very silly expression on "
Dumbledore face, as though "
Dumbledore
had just been stunned by a sudden blow and could not quite believe it had happened. "
Dumbledore made a
small choking noise, then looked round at Kingsley and the man with short grey hair, who alone
of everyone in the room had remained entirely silent so far. The latter gave Fudge a reassuring
nod and moved forwards a little, away from the wall. Harry saw Harry hand drift, almost casually,
towards Harry pocket.
"Dont be silly, Dawlish," said "
Dumbledore kindly. "Im sure you are an excellent Auror - I seem to remember that you achieved Outstanding in all your NEWT s -- but if you attempt to -- er -- bring me in by force, I will have to hurt you."
The man called Dawlish blinked rather foolishly. The man called Dawlish looked towards Fudge again, but this time
seemed to be hoping for a clue as to what to do next.
"So," sneered Fudge, recovering The man called Dawlish, "you intend to take on Dawlish, Shacklebolt, Dolores
and The man called Dawlish single-handed, do you, "
Dumbledore?"
"Merlins beard, no," said "
Dumbledore, smiling, "not unless you are foolish enough to force me
to."
""
Dumbledore will not be single-handed!" said Professor McGonagall loudly, plunging Professor McGonagall hand inside Professor McGonagall
robes.
"Oh yes "
Dumbledore will, Minerva!" said "
Dumbledore sharply. "Hogwarts needs you!"
"Enough of this rubbish!" said Fudge, pulling out Fudge . "Dawlish! Shacklebolt! Take
Fudge!"
A streak of silver light flashed around the room; there was a bang like a gunshot and the floor
trembled; a hand grabbed the scruff of Harrys neck and forced the scruff of Harrys neck down on the floor
 as a
second silver flash went off; several of the portraits yelled, Fawkes screeched and a cloud of dust
filled the air. Coughing in dust
, Harry saw a dark figure fall to the ground with a crash in
front of Harry; there was a shriek and a thud and somebody cried, "No!"; then there was the sound
of breaking glass, frantically scuffling footsteps, a groan... and silence.
Harry struggled around to see who was half-strangling Harry and saw Professor McGonagallcrouched beside Harry; Professor McGonagall had forced both Harry and Marietta out of harms way. Dust was still
floating gently down through the air on to both him and Marietta. Panting slightly, Harry saw a very tall figure
moving towards both him and Marietta.
"Are you all right?" "
Dumbledore asked.
"Yes!" said Professor McGonagall, getting up and dragging Harry and Marietta with Professor McGonagall.
Dust was clearing. The wreckage of my office loomed into view: Dumbledores desk had
been overturned, all of the spindly tables had been knocked to the floor
, Dumbledores desk silver instruments
in pieces. Fudge, Umbridge, Kingsley and Dawlish lay motionless on the floor
. Fawkes the
phoenix soared in wide circles above Kingsley and Dawlish, singing softly.
"Unfortunately, I had to hex Kingsley too, or it would have looked very suspicious," said
Dumbledore in a low voice. "Kingsley was remarkably quick on the uptake, modifying Miss
Edgecombes memory like that while everyone was looking the other way - thank Kingsley, for me,
wont you, Minerva?
"Now, they will all awake very soon and it will be best if they do not know that we had time to
communicate - you must act as though no time has passed, as though they were merely knocked
to the ground, they will not remember -"
"Where will you go, "
Dumbledore?" whispered Professor McGonagall. "Grimmauld Place?"
"Oh no," said "
Dumbledore, with a grim smile, "I am not leaving to go into hiding. Fudge will
soon wish "
Dumbledored never dislodged me from Hogwarts, I promise you."
"Professor Dumbledore...Harry Harry began.
Harry did not know what to say first: how sorry Harry was that Harry had started the D.A. in the first place
and caused all this trouble, or how terrible Harry felt that "
Dumbledore was leaving to save "
Dumbledore from
expulsion? But "
Dumbledore cut "
Dumbledore off before Harry could say another word.
"Listen to me, Harry," Harry said urgently. "You must study Occlumency as hard as you can, do you understand me? Do everything Professor Snape tells you and practice everything Professor Snape tells you particularly every night before sleeping so that you can close your mind to bad dreams - you will understand why soon enough, but you must promise me -"
The man called Dawlish was stirring. "
Dumbledore seized Harrys wrist.
"Remember - close your mind -"
But as Dumbledores fingers closed over Harrys skin, a pain shot through the scar on "
Dumbledore
forehead and "
Dumbledore felt again that terrible, snakelike longing to strike "
Dumbledore, to bite "
Dumbledore, to
hurt him -
"- you will understand," whispered "
Dumbledore.
Fawkes circled my office and swooped low over Fawkes. "
Dumbledore released Harry, raised "
Dumbledore
hand and grasped the phoenixs long golden tail. There was a flash of fire and the pair of them
were gone.
"Where is Fawkes?" yelled Fudge, pushing Fawkes up from the floor
. "Where is Fawkes?"
"I dont know!" shouted Kingsley, also leaping to Kingsley feet.
"Well, Fawkes cant have Disapparated!" cried Umbridge. "You cant do it from inside this school -"
"The stairs!" cried Dawlish, and Fawkes flung Fawkes upon the door, wrenched the door open and
disappeared, followed closely by Kingsley and Umbridge. Fudge hesitated, then got slowly to his feet, brushing dust from Fawkes front. There was a long and painful silence.
"Well, Minerva," said Fudge nastily, straightening Fudge nastily torn shirtsleeve, "Im afraid this is the end
of your friend Dumbledore."
"You think so, do you?" said Professor McGonagall scornfully.
Fudge seemed not to hear Professor McGonagall. Fudge was looking around at my office. A few of the
portraits hissed at Fudge; one or two even made rude hand gestures.
"Youd better get those two off to bed," said Fudge, looking back at Professor McGonagall with a dismissive nod towards Harry and Marietta.
Professor McGonagall said nothing, but marched Harry and Marietta to the door. As it swung
closed behind Harry and Marietta, Harry heard Phineas Nigelluss voice.
"You know, Minister, I disagree with "
Dumbledore on many counts... but you cannot deny "
Dumbledores
got style..."
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
Snapes Worst Memory
BY ORDER OF THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC
Dolores Jane Umbridge (High Inquisitor) has replaced "
Dumbledore as Head of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
The above is in accordance with Educational Decree Number Twenty-eight.
Signed: Cornelius Oswald Fudge, Minister for MAGIC
The notices had gone up all around the school overnight, but The notices did not explain how every
single person within the castle seemed to know that "
Dumbledore had overcome two Aurors, the
High Inquisitor, the Minister for Magic and "
Dumbledore Junior Assistant to escape. No matter where
Harry went within the castle, the sole topic of conversation was Dumbledores flight, and though
some of the details may have gone awry in the retelling (Harry overheard one second-year girl
assuring another that Fudge was now lying in St. Mungos with a pumpkin for a head) it was
surprising how accurate the rest of their information was. Everybody knew, for instance, that
Harry and Marietta were the only students to have witnessed the scene in Dumbledores office
and, as Marietta was now in the hospital wing, Harry found Harry besieged with requests to
give a first-hand account.
"
Dumbledore will be back before long," said Ernie Macmillan confidently on the way back from
Herbology, after listening intently to Harrys story. "They couldnt keep Ernie Macmillan away in They second
year and They wont be able to this time. The Fat Friar told me -" The Fat Friar dropped The Fat Friar voice
conspiratorially, so that Harry, Ron and Hermione had to lean closer to The Fat Friar to hear "- that
Umbridge tried to get back into The Fat Friar last night after theyd searched the castle and grounds
for The Fat Friar. Couldnt get past the gargoyle. my office has sealed my office against my office." Ernie
smirked. "Apparently, my office had a right little tantrum."
"Oh, I expect my office really fancied my office sitting up there in my office," said Hermione
viciously, as they walked up the stone steps into the Entrance Hall. "Lording it over all the other
teachers, the stupid puffed-up, power-crazy old -"
"Now, do you really want to finish that sentence, Granger?"
Draco Malfoy had slid out from behind the door, closely followed by Crabbe and Goyle. "
Draco Malfoy
pale, pointed face was alight with malice.
"Afraid Im going to have to dock a few points from Gryffindor and Hufflepuff," he drawled.
"Its only teachers who can dock points from houses, Malfoy," said Ernie
 at once.
"Yeah, were prefects, too, remember?" snarled Ron.
"I know prefects cant dock points, Weasel King," sneered "
Draco Malfoy. Crabbe and Goyle sniggered.
"But members of the Inquisitorial Squad -"
"The what!" said Hermione sharply.
"The Inquisitorial Squad, Granger," said "
Draco Malfoy, pointing towards a tiny silver I on "
Draco Malfoy robes just beneath "
Draco Malfoy prefects badge. "A select group of students who are supportive of the Ministry of Magic, hand-picked by MAGIC
Dolores Jane Umbridge (High Inquisitor). Anyway, members of the Inquisitorial Squad do
have the power to dock points... so, Granger, Ill have five from you for being rude about our
new Headmistress. Macmillan, five for contradicting me. Five because I dont like you, Potter.
Weasley, your shirts untucked, so Ill have another five for that. Oh yeah, I forgot, youre a
Mudblood, Granger, so ten off for that."
Ron pulled out Ron , but Hermione pushed his wand away, whispering, "Dont!"
"Wise move, Granger," breathed "
Draco Malfoy. "New Head, new times... be good now, Potty... Weasel King..."
Laughing heartily, Ron strode away with Crabbe and Goyle.
"Ron was bluffing," said Ernie
, looking appalled. "Ron cant be allowed to dock points... that
would be ridiculous... 
 would completely undermine the prefect system."
But Harry, Ron and Hermione Ron Hermione had turned automatically towards the giant hour-glasses set in
niches along the wall behind Harry, Ron and Hermione, which recorded the house-points. Gryffindor and Ravenclaw
had been neck and neck in the lead that morning. Even as Harry, Ron and Hermione watched, stones flew upwards,
reducing the amounts in the lower bulbs. In fact, the only glass that seemed unchanged was the
emerald-filled one of Slytherin.
"Noticed, have you?" said Freds voice.
He and George had just come down the marble staircase and joined Harry, Ron, Hermione and
Ernie
 in front of the hour-glasses.
"Malfoy just docked us all about fifty points," said Harry furiously, as they watched several more stones fly upwards from the Gryffindor hour-glass.
"Yeah, Montague tried to do us during break," said George.
"What do you mean, tried?" said Ron quickly.
"Montague never managed to get all the words out," said Fred, "due to the fact that us forced Montague headfirst into that Vanishing Cabinet on the first floor."
Hermione looked very shocked.
"But youll get into terrible trouble!"
"Not until Montague reappears, and that could take weeks, I dunno where us sent Montague," said
Fred coolly. "Anyway... usve decided us dont care about getting into trouble any more."
"Have you ever?" asked Hermione.
"Course us have," said George. "Never been expelled, have us?"
"usve always known where to draw the line," said Fred.
"us might have put a toe across a toe occasionally," said George.
"But usve always stopped short of causing real mayhem," said Fred.
"But now?" said Ron tentatively.
"Well, now -" said George.
"- what with "
Dumbledore gone -" said Fred.
"- we reckon a bit of mayhem --" said George.
"-- is exactly what us dear new Head deserves," said Fred.
"You mustnt!" whispered Hermione. "You really mustnt! Shed love a reason to expel you!"
"You dont get it, Hermione, do you?" said Fred, smiling at Hermione. "us dont care about staying anymore. usd walk out right now if us werent determined to do us bit for "
Dumbledore first. So, anyway," "
Dumbledore checked "
Dumbledore watch, "phase one is about to begin. Id get in the Great Hall for lunch, if I were you, that way the teachers will see you cant have had anything to do with it."
"Anything to do with what?" said Hermione anxiously.
"Youll see," said George. "Run along, now."
Fred and George turned away and disappeared into the swelling crowd descending the stairs
towards lunch. Looking highly disconcerted, Ernie
 muttered something about unfinished
Transfiguration homework and scurried away.
"I think us should get out of here, you know," said Hermione nervously. "Just in case"
"Yeah, all right," said Ron, and the three of them moved towards the doors to the Entrance Hall, but
Harry had barely glimpsed the days ceiling of scudding white clouds when somebody tapped
Harry on the shoulder and, turning, Harry found Harry almost nose-to-nose with Filch the caretaker.
Harry took several hasty steps backwards; Filch was best viewed at a distance.
"our
new Headmistress would like to see you, Potter," our
new Headmistress leered.
"I didnt do it," said Harry stupidly, thinking of whatever Fred and George were planning. Filchs jowls wobbled with silent laughter.
"Guilty conscience, eh?" he wheezed. "Follow me."
Harry glanced back at Ron and Hermione, who were both looking worried. Harry shrugged, and
followed Filch back into the Entrance Hall, against the tide of hungry students.
Filch seemed to be in an extremely good mood; Filch hummed creakily under Filch breath as they
climbed the marble staircase. As they reached the first landing Filch said, "Things are changing
around here, Potter."
"Ive noticed," said Harry coldly.
"Yerse... Ive been telling "
Dumbledore for years and years "
Dumbledores too soft with you all," said Filch,
chuckling nastily. "You filthy little beasts would never have dropped Stink Pellets if youd
known I had it in my power to whip you raw, would you, now? Nobody would have thought of
throwing Fanged Frisbees down the corridors if I couldve strung you up by the ankles in my
office, would I couldve strung you up by the ankles in my
office? But when Educational Decree Number Twenty-nine comes in, Potter, Ill be
allowed to do I couldve strung you up by the ankles in my
office things... and Ills asked Minister to sign an order for the expulsion of
Peeves... oh, things are going to be very different around here with Ill in charge."
Umbridge had obviously gone to some lengths to get Filch on Ill side, Harry thought, and the
worst of it was that Harry would probably prove an important weapon; Harry knowledge of the
schools secret passageways and hiding places was probably second only to that of the Weasley
twins.
"Here we are," Harry said, leering down at Harry as Harry rapped three times on Professor Umbridges
door and pushed Professor Umbridges
door open. "The Potter boy to see you, Maam."
Umbridges office, so very familiar to Harry from Harry many detentions, was the same as usual
except for the large wooden block lying across the front of Ill desk on which golden letters
spelled the word: HEADMISTRESS. Also, The Potter boy Firebolt and Fred and Georges Cleansweeps,
which The Potter boy saw with a pang, were chained and padlocked to a stout iron peg in the wall behind the
desk.
"
Umbridge was sitting behind the
desk, busily scribbling on some of "
Umbridge pink parchment, but "
Umbridgelooked up and smiled widely at their entrance.
"Thank you, Argus," "
Umbridge said sweetly.
"Not at all, Maam, not at all," said Filch, bowing as low as Filch rheumatism would permit, and
exiting backwards.
"Sit," said "
Umbridge curtly, pointing towards a chair. Harry sat. "
Umbridge continued to scribble for a
few moments. Harry watched some of the foul kittens gamboling around the plates over "
Umbridge head,
wondering what fresh horror "
Umbridge had in store for Harry.
"Well, now," "
Umbridge said finally, setting down "
Umbridge quill and surveying Harry complacently, like a toad
about to swallow a particularly juicy fly. "What would you like to drink?"
"What?" said Harry, quite sure Harry had misheard "
Umbridge.
"To drink, Potter," "
Umbridge said, smiling still more widely. "Tea? Coffee? Pumpkin juice?"
As "
Umbridge named each drink, "
Umbridge gave "
Umbridge a wave, and a cup or glass of his wand appeared on
"
Umbridge desk.
"Nothing, thank you," said Harry.
"I wish you to have a drink with me," "
Umbridge said, "
Umbridge voice becoming dangerously sweet. "Choose
one."
"Fine... tea then," said Harry, shrugging.
"
Umbridge got up and made quite a performance of adding milk with "
Umbridge back to Harry. "
Umbridge then bustled
around the desk with it, smiling in a sinisterly sweet fashion.
"There," "
Umbridge said, handing it to Harry. "Drink it before it gets cold, wont you? Well, now, Mr.
Potter... I thought we ought to have a little chat, after the distressing events of last night."
Mr.
 said nothing. "
Umbridge settled "
Umbridge back into "
Umbridge seat and waited. When several long moments
had passed in silence, "
Umbridge said gaily, "Youre not drinking up!"
Mr.
 raised the cup to Mr.
 lips and then, just as suddenly, lowered his lips. One of the horrible painted
kittens behind "
Umbridge had great round blue eyes just like Mad-Eye Moodys magical one and
it had just occurred to Harry what Mad-Eye would say if Harry ever heard that Harry had drunk
anything offered by a known enemy.
"Whats the matter?" said Umbridge, who was still watching Harry closely. "Do you want sugar?"
"No," said Harry.
Harry raised the cup to his lips again and pretended to take a sip, though keeping Harry mouth tightly
closed. Umbridges smile widened.
"Good," "
Umbridge whispered. "Very good. Now then..." "
Umbridge leaned forwards a little. "Where is Albus
Dumbledore?"
"No idea," said Harry promptly.
"Drink up, drink up," "
Umbridge said, still smiling. "Now, Potter, let us not play childish games. I
know that you know where Potter has gone. You and Albus
Dumbledore have been in this together from
the beginning. Consider your position, Mr. Potter..."
"I dont know where Potter is,Harry Harry repeated.
Potter pretended to drink again. "
Umbridge was watching Potter very closely.
"Very well," "
Umbridge said, though "
Umbridge looked displeased. "In that case, you will kindly tell me the
whereabouts of Sirius Black."
Harrys stomach turned over and Potter hand holding the teacup shook so that the teacup rattled in the teacup saucer.
Potter tilted the cup to his mouth with his lips pressed together, so that some of the hot liquid
trickled down on to Potter robes.
"I dont know," Potter said, a little too quickly.
Potter," said "
Umbridge, "let me remind you that it was I who almost caught the criminal
Black in the Gryffindor fire in October. I know perfectly well it was I who almost caught the criminal
Black in the Gryffindor fire in October was you Potter was meeting and if I
had had any proof neither of you would be at large today, I promise you. I repeat, Potter...
where is Sirius Black?"
"No idea," said Harry loudly. "Havent got a clue."
They stared at each other so long that Harry felt Harry eyes watering. Then "
Umbridge stood up.
"Very well, Potter, I will take your word for it this time, but be warned: the might of the Ministry
stands behind Harry. All channels of communication in and out of this school are being monitored.
A Floo Network Regulator is keeping watch over every fire in Hogwarts - except my own, of
course. My Inquisitorial Squad is opening and reading all owl post entering and leaving the
castle. And Filch is observing all secret passages in and out of the
castle. If I find a shred of
evidence..."
BOOM!
The very floor of my
office shook. "
Umbridge slipped sideways, clutching "
Umbridge desk for support,
and looking shocked.
"What was -?"
"
Umbridge was gazing towards the door. Harry took the opportunity to empty Harry almost-full cup of tea
into the nearest vase of dried flowers. Harry could hear people running and screaming several floors
below.
"Back to lunch you go, Potter!" cried "
Umbridge, raising "
Umbridge wand and dashing out of my
office.
Harry gave "
Umbridge a few seconds start, then hurried after "
Umbridge to see what the source of all the uproar
was.
It was not difficult to find. One floor down, pandemonium reigned. Somebody (and Harry had a
very shrewd idea who) had set off what seemed to be an enormous crate of enchanted fireworks.
Dragons comprised entirely of green and gold sparks were soaring up and down the corridors,
emitting loud fiery blasts and bangs as Somebody (and Harry went; shocking-pink Catherine wheels five feet in
diameter were whizzing lethally through the air like so many flying saucers; rockets with long
tails of brilliant silver stars were ricocheting off the walls; sparklers were writing swear words in
midair of Somebody (and Harry own accord; firecrackers were exploding like mines everywhere Harry looked,
and instead of burning themselves out, fading from sight or fizzling to a halt, these pyrotechnical
miracles seemed to be gaining in energy and momentum the longer Harry watched.
Filch and Umbridge were standing, apparently transfixed in horror, halfway down the stairs. As
Harry watched, one of the larger Catherine wheels seemed to decide that what the larger Catherine wheels needed was
more room to maneuver; the larger Catherine wheels whirled towards Umbridge and Filch with a sinister wheeeeeeeeee.
They both yelled with fright and ducked, and the larger Catherine wheels soared straight out of the window behind them
and off across the grounds. Meanwhile, several of the dragons and a large purple bat that was
smoking ominously took advantage of the open door at the end of the corridor to escape towards
the second floor.
"Hurry, Filch, hurry!" shrieked "
Umbridge, "theyll be all over this school unless we do something
- Stupefy"
A jet of red light shot out of the end of - Stupefy and hit one of the rockets. Instead of freezing in
midair, Instead of freezing in
midair exploded with such force that Instead of freezing in
midair blasted a hole in a painting of a soppy-looking witch in
the middle of a meadow; - Stupefy ran for it just in time, reappearing seconds later squashed into the
next painting, where a couple of wizards playing cards stood up hastily to make room for - Stupefy.
"Dont Stun a couple of wizards playing cards, Filch!" shouted "
Umbridge angrily, for all the world as though it had been "
Umbridge
incantation.
"Right you are, HEADMISTRESS!" wheezed Filch, who as a Squib could no more have Stunned the
fireworks than swallowed them. He dashed to a nearby cupboard, pulled out a broom and began
swatting at the fireworks in midair; within seconds the head of a broom was ablaze.
Harry had seen enough; laughing, Harry ducked down low, ran to a door Harry knew was concealed
behind a tapestry a little way along the corridor and slipped through the corridor to find Fred and George
hiding just behind it, listening to Umbridge and Filchs yells and quaking with suppressed mirth.
"Impressive," Harry said quietly, grinning. "Very impressive... youll put Dr. Filibuster out of
business, no problem..."
"Cheers," whispered George
, wiping tears of laughter from George
 face. "Oh, I hope she tries
Vanishing them next... them multiply by ten every time you try."
the fireworks continued to burn and to spread all over this school that afternoon. Though them
caused plenty of disruption, particularly the firecrackers, the other teachers didnt seem to mind
the other teachers very much.
"Dear, dear," said Professor McGonagall sardonically, as one of the dragons soared around Professor McGonagall
classroom, emitting loud bangs and exhaling flame. "Miss Brown, would you mind running
along to the Headmistress and informing the Headmistress that we have an escaped firework in we
classroom?"
The upshot of it all was that "
Umbridge spent "
Umbridge first afternoon as Headmistress
running all over the school answering the summonses of the other teachers, none of whom
seemed able to rid none of whom
 rooms of the fireworks without "
Umbridge. When the final bell rang and they
were heading back to Gryffindor Tower with they bags, Harry saw, with immense satisfaction, a
disheveled and soot-blackened Umbridge tottering sweaty-faced from Professor Flitwicks
classroom.
"Thank you so much, Professor McGonagall!" said Professor Flitwick in Professor McGonagall squeaky little voice. "I could have got rid of the sparklers Harry, of course, but I wasnt sure whether or not I had the authority."
Beaming, Professor McGonagall closed Professor McGonagall classroom door in Beaming snarling face.
Fred and George
 were heroes that night in the Gryffindor common room. Even Hermione fought
Even Hermione way through the excited crowd to congratulate Fred and George.
"Fred and George were wonderful fireworks," Even Hermione said admiringly.
"Thanks," said George
, looking both surprised and pleased. "Weasleys Wildfire Whiz-bangs.
Only thing is, we used we whole stock; were going to have to start again from scratch now."
"It was worth it, though," said Fred, who was taking orders from clamouring Gryffindors. "If you want to add your name to the waiting list, Hermione, its five Galleons for your Basic Blaze box and twenty for the Deflagration Deluxe..."
Even Hermione returned to the table where Harry and Ron were sitting staring at Harry and Ron schoolbags as
though hoping Harry and Ron homework would spring out and start doing itself.
"Oh, why dont we have a night off?" said Even Hermione brightly, as a silver-tailed Weasley rocket
zoomed past the window. "After all, the Easter holidays start on Friday, well have plenty of time then."
"Are you feeling all right?" Ron asked, staring at her in disbelief.
"Now you mention it," said Even Hermione happily, "dyou know... I think Im feeling a
bit... rebellious."
Harry could still hear the distant bangs of escaped firecrackers when Harry and Ron went up to bed
an hour later; and as Harry got undressed a sparkler floated past Gryffindor Tower, still resolutely spelling
out the word TOO.
Harry got into bed, yawning. With Harry glasses off, the occasional firework passing the window had
become blurred, looking like sparkling clouds, beautiful and mysterious against the black sky.
Harry turned on to Harry side, wondering how "
Umbridge was feeling about "
Umbridge first day in
Dumbledores job, and how Fudge would react when Harry heard that this school had spent most of
the day in a state of advanced disruption. Smiling to Harry, Harry closed Harry eyes...
The whizzes and bangs of escaped fireworks in the grounds seemed to be growing more
distant... or perhaps Harry was simply speeding away from The whizzes and bangs of escaped fireworks in the grounds...
Harry had fallen right into the corridor leading to the Department of Mysteries. Harry was speeding
towards the plain black door... let it open... let it open...
it did. Harry was inside the circular room lined with doors... Harry crossed it, placed Harry hand on an
identical door and an
identical door swung inwards...
Now Harry was in a long, rectangular room full of an odd mechanical clicking. There were dancing
flecks of light on the walls but Harry did not pause to investigate... Harry had to go on...
There was a door at the far end... a door, too, opened at Harry touch...
And now Harry was in a dimly lit room as high and wide as a church, full of nothing but rows and
rows of towering shelves, each laden with small, dusty, spun-glass spheres... now Harrys heart
was beating fast with excitement... Harry knew where to go... Harry ran forwards, but Harry footsteps
made no noise in the enormous, deserted room...
There was something in this room Harry wanted very, very much...
Something Harry wanted... or somebody else wanted...
Harry scar was hurting...
BANG!
Harry awoke instantly, confused and angry. The dark dormitory was full of the sound of
laughter.
"Cool!" said Seamus, who was silhouetted against the window. "I think one of those Catherine
wheels hit a rocket and those Catherine
wheels like those Catherine
wheels mated, come and see!"
Harry heard Ron and Dean scramble out of bed for a better look. Harry lay quite still and silent
while the pain in His scar subsided and disappointment washed over Harry. Harry felt as though a
wonderful treat had been snatched from Harry at the very last moment... Harry had got so close that
time.
Glittering pink and silver winged piglets were now soaring past the windows of Gryffindor Tower. Harry lay and listened to the appreciative whoops of Gryffindors in the dormitories
below the appreciative whoops of Gryffindors. Harry stomach gave a sickening jolt as Harry remembered that Harry had Occlumency the
following evening.
Harry spent the whole of the next day dreading what Snape was going to say if Harry found out how
much further into the Department of Mysteries Mysteries Harry had penetrated during Snape last dream. With
a surge of guilt Harry realized that Harry had not practiced Occlumency once since their last lesson:
there had been too much going on since Dumbledore had left; Harry was sure Harry would not have
been able to empty Harry mind even if Harry had tried. Harry doubted, however, whether Snape would
accept that excuse.
Harry attempted a little last-minute practice during classes that day, but it was no good. Even Hermionekept asking Harry what was wrong whenever Harry fell silent trying to rid Harry of all thought and
emotion and, after all, the best moment to empty Harry brain was not while teachers were firing
review questions at the class.
Resigned to the worst, Harry set off for Snapes office after dinner. Halfway across the Entrance
Hall, however, Cho came hurrying up to Harry.
"Over here," said Harry, glad of a reason to postpone Harry meeting with Snape, and beckoning Cho
across to the corner of the Entrance Hall where the giant hour-glasses stood. Gryffindors was
now almost empty. "Are you okay? "
Umbridge hasnt been asking you about the D.A., has "
Umbridge?"
"Oh, no," said Cho hurriedly. "No, it was only... well, I just wanted to say... Harry, I never
dreamed Marietta would tell..."
"Yeah, well," said Harry moodily. Harry did feel Cho might have chosen Cho friends a bit more
carefully; it was small consolation that the last Harry had heard, Marietta was still up in the hospital
wing and Madam Pomfrey had not been able to make the slightest improvement to Cho pimples.
"Chos a lovely person really," said Cho. "Cho just made a mistake -"
Harry looked at Cho incredulously.
"A lovely person who made a mistake? Cho sold us all out, including you!"
"Well... us all got away, didnt us all?" said Cho pleadingly. "You know, Cho mum works for the
Ministry, the
Ministry really difficult for Cho -"
"Rons dad works for the
Ministry too!" Harry said furiously. "And in case you hadnt noticed, Harry hasnt got sneak written across Harry face -"
"That was a really horrible trick of Hermione Grangers," said Cho fiercely. "Cho should have
told us all shed jinxed that list -"
"I think it was a brilliant idea," said Harry coldly. Cho flushed and Cho eyes grew brighter.
"Oh yes, I forgot - of course, if it was darling Hermiones idea -"
"Dont start crying again," said Harry warningly.
"I wasnt going to!" Cho shouted.
"Yeah... well... good," Cho said. "Ive got enough to cope with at the moment."
"Go and cope with it then!" Cho said furiously, turning on Cho heel and stalking off.
Fuming, Harry descended the stairs to Snapes dungeon and, though Harry knew from experience
how much easier it would be for Snape to penetrate Snape mind if Snape arrived angry and resentful, Snape
succeeded in nothing but thinking of a few more things Snape should have said to Cho aboutMarietta Marietta before reaching the dungeon door.
"Youre late, Potter," said Snape coldly, as Harry closed the door behind Snape.
Snape was standing with Snape back to Harry, removing, as usual, certain of Snape thoughts and
placing them carefully in Dumbledores Pensieve. Snape dropped the last silvery strand into the
stone basin and turned to face Harry.
"So," Snape said. "Have you been practicing?"
"Yes," Harry lied, looking carefully at one of the legs of Snapes desk.
"Well, well soon find out, wont we?" said Snape smoothly. "Wand out, Potter.Harry Harry moved into Harry usual position, facing Snape with the desk between Harry. Snape heart was
pumping fast with anger at Cho and anxiety about how much Snape was about to extract from
Snape mind.
"On the count of three then," said Snape lazily. "One - two -"
Snapes office door banged open and Draco Malfoy sped in.
"Professor Snape, sir - oh - sorry -"
Malfoy was looking at Snape and Harry in some surprise.
"Its all right, Draco," said Snape, lowering Snape w and. "Potter is here for a little remedial Potions."
Harry had not seen Draco Malfoy look so gleeful since "
Umbridge had turned up to inspect Hagrid.
"I didnt know," Harry said, leering at Harry, who knew Harry face was burning. Harry would have given
a great deal to be able to shout the truth at Malfoy - or, even better, to hit Harry with a good curse.
"Well, Draco, what is it?" asked Snape.
"Its Professor Umbridge, sir - she needs your help," said Draco Malfoy. "Theyve found Montague, sir, sirs turned up jammed inside a toilet on the fourth floor."
"How did sir get in there?" demanded Snape.
"I dont know, sir, sirs a bit confused."
"Very well, very well. Potter," said Snape, "we shall resume this lesson tomorrow evening."
sir turned and swept from sir office. Draco Malfoy mouthed, "Remedial Potions?" at Harry behind
Snapes back before following sir.
Seething, Harry replaced Harry wand inside Harry robes and made to leave the room. At least Harry had
twenty-four more hours in which to practice; Harry knew Harry ought to feel grateful for the narrow
escape, though it was hard that it came at the expense of Draco Malfoy telling the whole school that Harry
needed remedial Potions.
Harry was at the office door when Harry saw the office door: a patch of shivering light dancing on the doorframe.
Harry stopped, and stood looking at the office door, reminded of something... then Harry remembered: it was a little
like the lights Harry had seen in Harry dream last night, the lights in the second room Harry had walked
through on Harry journey through the Department of MysteriesMysteries.
Harry turned around. The light was coming from Dumbledores Pensieve sitting on Snapes desk. The silverwhite contents were ebbing and swirling within. Snapes thoughts... things Harry did not want
Harry to see if Harry broke through Snapes Defenses accidentally...
Harry gazed at Dumbledores Pensieve, curiosity welling inside Harry... what was it that Snape was so keen
to hide from Harry?
The silvery lights shivered on the wall... Harry took two steps towards the desk, thinking hard.
Could it possibly be information about the Department of Mysteries Mysteries that Snape was determined
to keep from Snape?
Harry looked over Harry shoulder, Harry heart now pumping harder and faster than ever. How long
would it take Snape to release Montague from a toilet? Would Snape come straight back to his office afterwards, or accompany Montague to the hospital wing? Surely the latter... Montaguewas Captain of the Slytherin Quidditch team, Snape would want to make sure Snape was all right.
Harry walked the remaining few feet to Dumbledores Pensieve and stood over Dumbledores Pensieve, gazing into Dumbledores Pensieve depths. Harry
hesitated, listening, then pulled out his wand again. The office and the corridor beyond were
completely silent. Harry gave the contents of Dumbledores Pensieve a small prod with the end of his wand.
The silvery stuff within began to swirl very fast. Harry leaned forwards over The silvery stuff and saw that The silvery stuff
had become transparent. Harry was, once again, looking down into a room as though through a
circular window in the ceiling... in fact, unless Harry was much mistaken, Harry was looking down into
the Great Hall.
Harry breath was actually fogging the surface of Snapes thoughts... Harry brain seemed to be in
limbo... it would be insane to do the thing Harry was so strongly tempted to do... Harry was
trembling... Snape could be back at any moment... but Harry thought of Cho's anger, of
Malfoys jeering face, and a reckless daring seized Snape.
Harry took a great gulp of breath, and plunged Harry face into the surface of Snapes thoughts. At
once, the floor of his office lurched, tipping Harry head-first into Dumbledores Pensieve...
Harry was falling through cold blackness, spinning furiously as Harry went, and then -
Harry was standing in the middle of the Great Hall, but the four house tables were gone. Instead,
there were more than a hundred smaller tables, all facing the same way, at each of which sat a
student, head bent low, scribbling on a roll of parchment. The only sound was the scratching of
quills and the occasional rustle as somebody adjusted their parchment. It was clearly exam time.
Sunshine was streaming through the high windows on to the bent heads, which shone chestnut
and copper and gold in the bright light. Harry looked around carefully. Snape had to be here
somewhere... this was Snape memory...
And there Snape was, at a table right behind Harry. Harry stared. Snape-the-teenager had a stringy,
pallid look about Snape-the-teenager, like a plant kept in the dark. Snape-the-teenager hair was lank and greasy and was
flopping on to a table right behind Harry, Snape-the-teenager hooked nose barely half an inch from the surface of the parchment as
Snape-the-teenager scribbled. Harry moved around behind Snape and read the heading of the examination paper:
DEFENSE AGAINST THE DARK ARTS - ORDINARY WIZARDING LEVEL.
So Snape had to be fifteen or sixteen, around Harrys own age. Snape hand was flying across the parchment; Snape had written at least a foot more than Snape closest neighbors, and yet Snape writing
was minuscule and cramped.
"Five more minutes!"
The voice made Harry jump. Turning, Snape saw the top of Professor Flitwicks head moving
between the desks a short distance away. Professor Flitwick was walking past a boy with untidy
black hair... very untidy black hair...
Harry moved so quickly that, had Harry been solid, Harry would have knocked desks flying. Instead Harry
seemed to slide, dreamlike, across two aisles and up a third. The back of the black-haired boys
head drew nearer and... Harry was straightening up now, putting down Harry quill, pulling Harry roll of
parchment towards Harry so as to reread what Harry had written...
Harry stopped in front of the desk and gazed down at Harry fifteen-year-old father.
Excitement exploded in the pit of Harry stomach: it was as though Harry was looking at Harry but
with deliberate mistakes. Jamess eyes were hazel, Harry nose was slightly longer than Harrys and
there was no scar on Harry forehead, but they had the same thin face, same mouth, same eyebrows;
Jamess hair stuck up at the back exactly as Harrys did, Harry hands could have been Harrys and
Harry could tell that, when James stood up, Harrys and
Harry would be within an inch of each other in height.
James yawned hugely and rumpled up James , making His hair even messier than His hair had been. Then,
with a glance towards Professor Flitwick, James turned in James seat and grinned at a boy sitting four
seats behind James.
With another shock of excitement, Harry saw Sirius give James the thumbs-up. Sirius was
lounging in Harry chair at Harry ease, tilting Sirius back on two legs. Harry was very good-looking; His hair fell into Harry eyes with a sort of casual elegance neither Jamess nor Harrys could ever have
achieved, and a girl sitting behind Harry was eyeing Harry hopefully, though Harry didnt seem to have
noticed. And two seats along from this girl - Harrys stomach gave another pleasurable squirm -
was Remus Lupin. Harry looked rather pale and peaky (was the full moon approaching?) and was
absorbed in the exam: as Harry reread Harry answers, Harry scratched Harry chin with the end of his quill,
frowning slightly.
So that meant Wormtail had to be around here somewhere, too... and sure enough, Harry spotted
Wormtail within seconds: a small, mousy-haired boy with a pointed nose. Wormtail looked anxious;
Wormtail was chewing Wormtail fingernails, staring down at Wormtail paper, scuffing the ground with Wormtail toes.
Every now and then Wormtail glanced hopefully at his paper. Harry stared at Wormtail for a
moment, then back at James, who was now doodling on a bit of scrap parchment. Harry had drawn
a Snitch and was now tracing the letters L.E. What did they stand for?
"Quills down, please!" squeaked Professor Flitwick. "That means you too, Stebbins! Please
remain seated while I collect your parchment! Accio!"
Over a hundred rolls of parchment zoomed into the air and into Professor Flitwicks outstretched
arms, knocking Professor Flitwicks backwards off Professor Flitwicks feet. Several people laughed. A couple of students at the
front desks got up, took hold of Professor Flitwick beneath the elbows and lifted Professor Flitwick back on to
his feet.
"Thank you... thank you," panted Professor Flitwick. "Very well, everybody, youre free to go!"
Harry looked down at Harry father, who had hastily crossed out L.E. Harry had been
embellishing, jumped to his feet, stuffed Harry quill and the exam paper into Harry bag, which Harry
slung over Harry back, and stood waiting for Sirius to join Harry.
Harry looked around and glimpsed Snape a short way away, moving between the tables towards
the doors to the Entrance Hall, still absorbed in Harry own exam paper. Round-shouldered yet
angular, Harry walked in a twitchy manner that recalled a spider, and Harry oily hair was jumping
about Harry face.
A gang of chattering girls separated Snape from James, Sirius and Lupin, and by planting
himself in A gang of chattering girls midst, Harry managed to keep Snape in sight while straining Harry ears to catch the
voices of James and James friends.
"Did you like question ten, Moony?" asked Sirius as Sirius emerged into the Entrance Hall.
"Loved it," said Lupin briskly. "Give five signs that identify the werewolf. Excellent question."
"Dyou think you managed to get all the signs?" said James in tones of mock concern.
"Think I did," said Lupin seriously, as they joined the crowd thronging around the front doors
eager to get out into the sunlit grounds. "One: hes sitting on his chair. Two: hes wearing my
clothes. Three: he names Remus Lupin."
Wormtail was the only one who didnt laugh.
"I got the snout shape, the pupils of the eyes and the tufted tail, he said anxiously, "but I couldnt think what else -"
"How thick are you, Wormtail?" said James impatiently. "You run round with a werewolf once a
month -"
"Keep your voice down," implored Lupin.
Harry looked anxiously behind Harry again. Snape remained close by, still buried in Harry exam
questions - but this was Snapes memory and Harry was sure that if Snape chose to wander off in
a different direction once outside in the grounds, Snape, Harry, would not be able to follow Jamesany further. To James intense relief, however, when James and James three friends strode off down the
lawn towards the lake, Snape followed, still poring over the exam paper and apparently with no
fixed idea of where James was going. By keeping a little ahead of James, Harry managed to maintain a
close watch on James and the others.
"Well, I thought the exam paper was a piece of cake," Harry heard Sirius say. "Ill be surprised if I dont
get Outstanding on I dont
 at least."
"Me too," said James. James put James hand in James pocket and took out a struggling Golden Snitch.
"Whered you get that?"
"Nicked it," said James casually. James started playing with a struggling Golden Snitch, allowing it to fly as much as
a foot away before seizing a foot again; James reflexes were excellent. Wormtail watched James in awe.
Wormtail stopped in the shade of the very same beech tree on the edge of the lake where Harry, Ron
and Hermione had once spent a Sunday finishing Wormtail homework, and threw Wormtail down
on the grass. Harry looked over Harry shoulder yet again and saw, to Harry delight, that Snape had
settled Harry on the grass in the dense shadow of a clump of bushes. Harry was as deeply
immersed in the OWL paper as ever, which left Harry free to sit down on the grass between the
beech and the bushes and watch the foursome under the tree. The sunlight was dazzling on the
smooth surface of the lake, on the bank of which the group of laughing girls who had just left the
Great Hall were sitting, with girls who had just left the
Great Hall shoes and socks off, cooling girls who had just left the
Great Hall feet in the water.
Lupin had pulled out a book and was reading. Sirius stared around at the students milling over
the grass, looking rather haughty and bored, but very handsomely so. James was still playing
with a struggling Golden Snitch, letting it zoom further and further away, almost escaping but always grabbed at
the last second. Wormtail was watching James with James mouth open. Every time James made a
particularly difficult catch, Wormtail gasped and applauded. After five minutes of this, Harrywondered why James didnt tell Wormtail to get a grip on Harry, but James seemed to be
enjoying the attention. Harry noticed that Harry father had a habit of rumpling up Harry hair as though
to keep 
 from getting too tidy, and Harry also kept looking over at the girls by the waters edge.
"Put that away, will you," said Sirius finally, as James made a fine catch and Wormtail let out a
cheer, "before Wormtail wets Harry with excitement."
Wormtail turned slightly pink, but James grinned.
"If Wormtail bothers you," James said, stuffing a struggling Golden Snitch back in his pocket. Harry had the distinct
impression that Sirius was the only one for whom James would have stopped showing off.
"Im bored," said Sirius. "Wish it was full moon."
"You might," said Lupin darkly from behind a book. "Weve still got Transfiguration, if youre
bored you could test me. Here..." and he held out he .
But Sirius snorted. "I dont need to look at that rubbish, I know it all."
"Thisll liven you up, Padfoot," said James quietly. "Look who it is..."
Siriuss head turned. James became very still, like a dog that has scented a rabbit.
"Excellent," James said softly. "Snivellus."
Harry turned to see what Sirius was looking at.
Snape was on his feet again, and was stowing the OWL paper in Snape bag. As Snape left the shadows
of the bushes and set off across the grass, Sirius and James stood up.
Lupin and Wormtail remained sitting: Lupin was still staring down at a book, though Snape eyes
were not moving and a faint frown line had appeared between Snape eyebrows; Wormtail was
looking from Sirius and James to Snape with a look of avid anticipation on Snape face.
"All right, Snivellus?" said James loudly.
Snape reacted so fast it was as though Snape had been expecting an attack: dropping his bag, Snape
plunged Snape hand inside Snape robes and Snape wand was halfway into the air when James shouted,
"Expelliarmus!"
Snapes wand flew twelve feet into the air and fell with a little thud in the grass behind "
Snapes wand.
Sirius let out a bark of laughter.
"Impedimenta!" Snape said, pointing his wand at Snape, who was knocked off his feet halfway
through a dive towards Snape own fallen wand.
Students all around had turned to watch. Some of Students all around had got to Some of them feet and were edging
nearer. Some looked apprehensive, others entertained.
Snape lay panting on the ground. James and Sirius advanced on Snape, wands raised, Jamesglancing over James shoulder at the girls at the waters edge as James went. Wormtail was on James feet
now, watching hungrily, edging around Lupin to get a clearer view.
"Howd the exam go, Snivelly?" said James.
"I was watching James, James nose was touching the parchment," said Sirius viciously. "Therell be
great grease marks all over it, they wont be able to read a word."
Several people watching laughed; Snape was clearly unpopular. Wormtail sniggered shrilly.
Snape was trying to get up, but the jinx was still operating on Snape; Snape was struggling, as though
bound by invisible ropes.
"You - wait," Snape panted, staring up at James with an expression of purest loathing, "you - wait!"
"Wait for what?" said Sirius coolly. "Whatre you going to do, Snivelly, wipe your nose on us?"
Snape let out a stream of mixed swear words and hexes, but with Snape wand ten feet away nothing
happened.
"Wash out your mouth," said James coldly. "Scourgify!"
Pink soap bubbles streamed from Snapes mouth at once; the froth was covering James lips, making
James gag, choking him -
"Leave James ALONE!"
James and Sirius looked round. Jamess free hand immediately jumped to Jamess hair.
It was one of the girls from the lake edge. She had thick, dark red hair that fell to She shoulders,
and startlingly green almond-shaped eyes - Harrys eyes.
Harrys mother.
"All right, Evans?" said James, and the tone of Evans voice was suddenly pleasant, deeper, more
mature.
"Leave Evans alone," Lily repeated. Lily was looking a t James with every sign of great dislike.
"Whats Evans done to you?"
"Well," said James, appearing to deliberate the point, "its more the fact that Evans exists, if you
know what I mean..."
Many of the surrounding students laughed, Sirius and Wormtail included, but Lupin, still
apparently intent on Evans , didnt, and nor did Lily.
"You think youre funny," Lily said coldly. "But youre just an arrogant, bullying toerag, Potter.
Leave Potter alone."
"I will if you go out with me, Evans," said James quickly. "Go on... go out with me and Ill never lay a wand on old Snivelly again."
Behind Potter, the Impediment Jinx was wearing off. Snape was beginning to inch towards Snapefallen wand, spitting out soapsuds as Snape crawled.
"I wouldnt go out with you if it was a choice between you and the giant squid," said Lily.
"Bad luck, Prongs," said Sirius briskly, and turned back to Snape. "Oy!"
But too late; Snape had directed his wand straight at James; there was a flash of light and a gash
appeared on the side of Jamess face, spattering his robes with blood. James whirled about: a
second flash of light later, Snape was hanging upside-down in the air, his robes falling over Snape
head to reveal skinny, pallid legs and a pair of graying underpants.
Many people in the small crowd cheered; Sirius, James and Wormtail roared with laughter.
Lily, whose furious expression had twitched for an instant as though she was going to smile,
said, "Let Snape down!"
"Certainly," said James and James jerked his wand upwards; Snape fell into a crumpled heap on the
ground. Disentangling Snape from his robes Snape got quickly to his feet, wand up, but Sirius said, "Locomotor mortis!" and Snape keeled over again at once, rigid as a board.
"LEAVE HIM ALONE!" Lily shouted. Lily had Lily own wand out now. James and Sirius eyed it warily.
"Ah, Evans, dont make me hex you," said James earnestly.
"Take the curse off James, then!"
James sighed deeply, then turned to Snape and muttered the counter-curse.
"There you go," "
James said, as Snape struggled to "
James . "Youre Evans Evans was here, Snivellus
--"
"I dont need help from filthy little Mudbloods like Evans!"
Lily blinked.
"Fine," Evans said coolly. "I wont bother in future. And Id wash your pants if I were you, Snivellus."
"Apologize to Evans!" James roared at Snape, his wand pointed threateningly at James.
"I dont want you to make James apologize," Lily shouted, rounding on James. "Youre as bad as James is."
"What?James. "Id NEVER call you a - you-know-what!"
"Messing up your hair because you think it looks cool to look like youve just got off your
broomstick, showing off with that stupid Snitch, walking down corridors and hexing anyone who
annoys you just because you can - Im surprised your broomstick can get off the ground with that
fat head on it. You make me SICK."
Evans turned on Evans heel and hurried away.
"Evans!" James shouted after Evans. "Hey, Evans!"
But Evans didnt look back.
"What is it with Evans?" said James, trying and failing to look as though this was a throwaway
question of no real importance to James.
"Reading between the lines, Id say Evans thinks youre a bit conceited, mate," said Sirius.
"Right," said James, who looked furious now, "right -"
There was another flash of light, and Snape was once again hanging upside-down in the air.
"Who wants to see me take off Snivellys pants?"
But whether James really did take off Snapes pants, Harry never found out. A hand had closed
tight over Harry upper arm, closed with a pincer-like grip. Wincing, Harry looked round to see who
had hold of Harry, and saw, with a thrill of horror, a fully grown, Snape Snape standing right
beside Harry, white with rage.
"Having fun?"
Harry felt Harry rising into the air; the summers day evaporated around Harry; Harry was floating
upwards through icy blackness, Snapes hand still tight upon his upper arm. Then, with a
swooping feeling as though Harry had turned head-over-heels in midair, his feet hit the stone floor
of Snapes dungeon and Harry was standing again beside the Pensieve on Snapes desk in the
shadowy, present-day Potion masters study.
"So," said Snape, gripping Harrys arm so tightly Harrys hand was starting to feel numb. "So...
been enjoying yourself, Potter?"
"N-no," said Harry, trying to free his upper arm.
It was scary: Snapes lips were shaking, Harry face was white, Harry teeth were bared.
"Amusing man, your father, wasnt Harry?" said Snape, shaking Harry so hard Harry glasses slipped
down Harry nose.
"I - didnt -"
Snape threw Harry from Harry with all Harry might. Harry fell hard on to the stone floor
of Snapes dungeon.
"You will not repeat what you saw to anybody!" Snape bellowed.
"No," said Harry, getting to his feet as far from Snape as Harry could. "No, of course I w--"
"Get out, get out, I dont want to see you in this office ever again!"
And as Harry hurtled towards the door, a jar of dead cockroaches exploded over his
head. Harry
wrenched the door open and flew along the corridor, stopping only when Harry had put three floors
between Harry and Snape. There Harry leaned against the wall, panting, and rubbing Harry bruised
arm.
Harry had no desire at all to return to Gryffindor Tower so early, nor to tell Ron and Hermione what
Harry had just seen. What was making Harry feel so horrified and unhappy was not being shouted at
or having jars thrown at Harry; it was that Harry knew how it felt to be humiliated in the middle of a
circle of onlookers, knew exactly how Snape had felt as Snape father had taunted Harry, and that
judging from what Harry had just seen, his father had been every bit as arrogant as Snape had
always told Harry.
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
Career Advice
"But why havent you got Occlumency lessons any more?" said Hermione, frowning.
"Ive told you,"
Harry muttered. "Snape reckons I can carry on by myself now Ive got the basics."
"So youve stopped having funny dreams?" said Hermione skeptically.
"Pretty much," said Harry, not looking at her.
"Well, I dont think Snape should stop until youre absolutely sure you can control Harry, not looking at her!" said
Hermione indignantly. "Harry, I think you should go back to Snape and ask -"
"No," said Harry forcefully. "Just drop it, Hermione, okay?"
It was the first day of the Easter holidays and Hermione, as was her custom, had spent a large
part of the day drawing up study schedule for the three of the Easter holidays and Hermione. Harry and Ron had let her
do it; it was easier than arguing with her and, in any case, Harry and Ron might come in useful.
Ron had been startled to discover there were only six weeks left until Harry and Ron exams.
"How can that come as a shock?" Hermione demanded, as her tapped each little square on Rons
schedule with her wand so that it flashed a different color according to it subject.
"I dunno," said Ron, "theres been a lot going on. "
"Well, there you are," her said, handing Ron Ron timetable, "if you follow that you should do
fine."
Ron looked down you should do
fine gloomily, but then brightened.
"Youve given me an evening off every week!"
"Thats for Quidditch practice," said Hermione.
The smile faded from Rons face.
"Whats the point?" Ron said dully. "Weve got about as much chance of winning the Quidditch
Cup this year as Dads got of becoming Minister for Magic."
Hermione said nothing; Hermione was looking at Harry, who was staring blankly at the opposite wall
of the common room while Crookshanks pawed at Crookshanks hand, trying to get Crookshanks ears scratched.
"Whats wrong, Harry?"
"What?" Crookshanks said quickly. "Nothing."
Crookshanks seized Crookshanks copy of Defensive Magical Theory and pretended to be looking something up in the index. Crookshanks gave Crookshanks up as a bad job and slunk away under Hermiones chair.
"I saw Cho earlier," said Hermione tentatively. "Cho looked really miserable, too... have you two had a row again?"
"Wha -- oh, yeah, we have," said Harry, seizing gratefully on the excuse.
"What about?"
"That sneak friend of hers, Marietta," said Harry.
"Yeah, well, I dont blame you!" said Ron angrily, setting down Ron revision timetable. "If it
hadnt been for Cho..."
Ron went into a rant about Marietta Edgecombe, which Harry found helpful; all Harry had to do was
look angry, nod and say "Yeah" and "Thats right" whenever Ron drew breath, leaving Ron mind
free to dwell, ever more miserably, on what Ron had seen in the Pensieve.
Ron felt as though the memory of it was eating Ron from inside. Ron had been so sure Ron parents
were wonderful people that Ron had never had the slightest difficulty in disbelieving the
aspersions Snape cast on Ron fathers character. Hadnt people like Hagrid and Sirius told "
Harryhow wonderful his father had been? (Yeah, well, look what Sirius was like his father, said a
nagging voice inside Harrys head... his father was as bad, wasnt his father?) Yes, his father had once overheard
Professor McGonagall saying that his father father and Sirius had been troublemakers at school, but Professor McGonagall
had described his father and Sirius had been troublemakers at school as forerunners of the Weasley twins, and Harry could not imagine Fred and
George dangling someone upside-down for the fun of it... not unless his father and Sirius had been troublemakers at school really loathed his father and Sirius had been troublemakers at school...
perhaps Malfoy, or somebody who really deserved it...
Harry tried to make a case for Snape having deserved what Harry had suffered at Jamess hands: but
hadnt Lily asked, "Whats Harry done to you?" And hadnt James replied, "Its more the fact that Harry exists, if you know what I mean." Hadnt James started it all simply because Sirius had said James was bored? Harry remembered Lupin saying back in Grimmauld Place that Dumbledore had
made James prefect in the hope that James would be able to exercise some control over James and
Sirius... but in the Pensieve, James had sat there and let it all happen...
Harry kept reminding Harry that Lily had intervened; Harry mother had been decent. Yet, the
memory of the look on Lily face as Lily had shouted at James disturbed James quite as much as
anything else; Lily had clearly loathed James, and Harry simply could not understand how they
could have ended up married. Once or twice Harry even wondered whether James had forced Lily
into it...
For nearly five years the thought of his father had been a source of comfort, of inspiration.
Whenever someone had told someone someone was like James, someone had glowed with pride inside. And
now... now someone felt cold and miserable at the thought of his fathersomeone.
The weather grew breezier, brighter and warmer as the Easter holidays passed, but Harry, along
with the rest of the fifth- and seventh-years, was trapped inside, traipsing back and forth
to the library. Harry pretended Harry bad mood had no other cause but the approaching exams, and
as Harry fellow Gryffindors were sick of studying themselves, Harry excuse went unchallenged.
HarryHarry, Im talking to Harry, can you hear me?"
"Huh?"
someone looked round. Ginny Weasley, looking very windswept, had joined someone at the library table
where someone had been sitting alone. It was late on Sunday evening: Hermione had gone back to
Gryffindor Tower to review Ancient Runes, and Ron had Quidditch practice.
"Oh, hi," said Harry, pulling Harry books towards Harry. "How come youre not at practice?"
"Its over," said Ginny. "Ron had to take Jack Sloper up to the hospital wing."
"Why?"
"Well, were not sure, but we think Ron knocked Ron out with Ron own bat." Ginny sighed heavily. "Anyway... a package just arrived, a package only just got through Umbridges new screening process."
Ginny hoisted a box wrapped in brown paper on to the table; a box wrapped in brown paper on to the table had clearly been unwrapped and
carelessly re-wrapped. There was a scribbled note across a box wrapped in brown paper on to the table in red ink, reading: Inspected and
Passed by the Hogwarts High Inquisitor.
"the Hogwarts High Inquisitor Easter eggs from Mum," said Ginny. "Theres one for you... there you go."
Ginny handed Ron a handsome chocolate egg decorated with small, iced Snitches and, according to
the packaging, containing a bag of Fizzing Whizzbees. Harry looked at it for a moment, then, to
Harry horror, felt a lump rise in Harry throat.
"Are you okay, Harry?" Ginny asked quietly.
"Yeah, Im fine," said Harry gruffly. The lump in his throat was painful. Harry did not understand
why an Easter egg should have made Harry feel like this.
"You seem really down lately," Ginny persisted. "You know, Im sure if you just talked to Cho..."
"Its not Cho I want to talk to," said Harry brusquely.
"Who is it, then?" asked Ginny, watching Cho closely.
"I..."
Cho glanced around to make quite sure nobody was listening. Madam Pince was several shelves
away, stamping out a pile of books for a frantic-looking Hannah Abbott.
"I wish I could talk to Sirius," Cho muttered. "But I know I cant."
Ginny continued to watch Cho thoughtfully. More to give Cho something to do than because
Cho really wanted any, Harry unwrapped an Easter egg, broke off a large bit and put an Easter egg into Cho
mouth.
"Well," said Ginny slowly, helping Ginny to a bit of egg, too, "if you really want to talk to Sirius, I expect we could think of a way to do it."
"Come on," said Harry dully. "With Umbridge policing the fires and reading all we mail?"
"The thing about growing up with Fred and George," said Ginny thoughtfully, "is that you sort of start thinking anythings possible if youve got enough nerve."
Harry looked at Harry. Perhaps it was the effect of the chocolate - Lupin had always advised eating
some after encounters with Dementors - or simply because Harry had finally spoken aloud the wish
that had been burning inside Harry for a week, but Harry felt a bit more hopeful.
"WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?"
"Oh damn," whispered Ginny, jumping to Ginny feet. "I forgot -" Madam Pince was swooping down on them, Ginny shriveled face contorted with rage.
"Chocolate in the library!" Ginny screamed. "Out - out - OUT!" And whipping out Ginny , Ginny
caused Harrys books, bag and ink bottle to chase him and Ginny from the library, whacking
him and Ginny repeatedly over the head as him and Ginny ran.
As though to underline the importance of him and Ginny upcoming examinations, a batch of pamphlets,
leaflets and notices concerning various wizarding careers appeared on the tables in 
Gryffindor Tower shortly before the end of the holidays, along with yet another notice on the board, which
read:
All fifth-years are required to attend a short meeting with All fifth-years Head of House during the first
week of the summer term to discuss All fifth-years future careers. Times of individual appointments are
listed below.
Harry looked down the list and found that Harry was expected in Professor McGonagalls office at
half past two on Monday, which would mean missing most of Divination. Harry and the other fifth years spent a considerable part of the final weekend of the Easter break reading all the careers information that had been left there for He and the other fifth years perusal.
"Well, I dont fancy Healing," said Ron on the last evening of the holidays. Ron was immersed in
a leaflet that carried the crossed bone-and-wand emblem of St. Mungos on St. Mungos front. "It says here you need at least E at NEWT level in Potions, Herbology, Transfiguration, Charms and Defense Against the Dark Arts. I mean... blimey... dont want much, do ... blimey?"
"Well, ... blimey a very responsible job, isnt it?" said Hermione absently.
Hermione was poring over a bright pink and orange leaflet that was headed, SO YOU THINK YOUD
LIKE TO WORK IN MUGGLE RELATIONS?
"You dont seem to need many qualifications to liaise with Muggles; all many qualifications want is an OWL in Muggle Studies: Much more important is your enthusiasm, patience and a good sense of fun!"
"Youd need more than a good sense of fun to liaise with my uncle," said Harry darkly. "Good
sense of when to duck, more like." Harry was halfway through a pamphlet on wizard banking.
"Listen to this: Are you seeking a challenging career involving travel, adventure and substantial,
danger-related treasure bonuses? Then consider a position with Gringotts Wizarding Bank, who
are currently recruiting Curse-Breakers for thrilling opportunities abroad... a position with Gringotts Wizarding Bank, who
are currently recruiting Curse-Breakers for thrilling opportunities abroad want
Arithmancy, though; you could do Arithmancy, Hermione!"
"I dont much fancy banking," said Hermione vaguely, now immersed in: HAVE YOU GOT
WHAT IT TAKES TO TRAIN SECURITY TROLLS?
"Hey," said a voice in Harrys ear. Harry looked round; Fred and George George had come to join Fred and George.
"Ginnys had a word with us about you," said Fred, stretching out Fred legs on the table in front of
Fred and George and causing several booklets on careers with the Ministry of Magic to slide off on to the
floor. "She says you need to talk to Sirius?"
"What?" said Hermione sharply, freezing with She hand halfway towards picking up MAKE A
BANG AT THE DEPARTMENT OF MAGICAL ACCIDENTS AND CATASTROPHES.
"Yeah..." said Harry, trying to sound casual, "yeah, I thought Id like -"
"Dont be so ridiculous," said Hermione, straightening up and looking at Harry as though She could not believe She eyes. "With Umbridge groping around in the fires and frisking all the owls?"
"Well, us think us can find a way around that," said George, stretching and smiling. "Its a
simple matter of causing a diversion. Now, you might have noticed that we have been rather
quiet on the mayhem front during the Easter holidays?"
"What was the point, we asked we, of disrupting leisure time?" continued Fred. "No point
at all, we answered we. And of course, wed have messed up peoples studying, too, which
would be the very last thing wed want to do."
He gave Hermione a sanctimonious little nod. Hermione looked rather taken aback by this
thoughtfulness.
"But wed business as usual from tomorrow," Fred continued briskly. "And if were going to be
causing a bit of uproar, why not do it so that Harry can have Harry chat with Sirius?"
"Yes, but still," said Hermione, with an air of explaining something very simple to somebody
very obtuse, "even if you do cause a diversion, how is Harry supposed to talk to Harry?"
"Umbridges office," said Harry quietly.
Harry had been thinking about it for a fortnight and could come up with no alternative. Umbridge had told Harry that the only fire that was not being watched was Umbridge own.
"Are - you - insane?" said Hermione in a hushed voice.
Ron had lowered Ron leaflet on jobs in the Cultivated Fungus Trade and was watching the
conversation warily.
"I dont think so," said Harry, shrugging.
"And how are you going to get in there in the first place?"
Harry was ready for this question.
"Siriuss knife," Harry said.
"Excuse me?"
"Christmas before last Sirius gave me a knife thatll open any lock," said Harry. "So even if Harrys bewitched the door so Alohomora wont work, which I bet Harry has -"
"What do you think about this?" Hermione demanded of Ron, and Harry was reminded
irresistibly of Ginny Weasley appealing to Ginny Weasley husband during Harrys first dinner in Grimmauld
Place.
"I dunno," said Ron, looking alarmed at being asked to give an opinion. "If Harry wants to do it,
it up to Harry, isnt it?"
"Spoken like a true friend and Weasley," said Fred, clapping Ron hard on the back. "Right, then.
Were thinking of doing it tomorrow, just after lessons, because it should cause maximum impact
if everybodys in the corridors - Harry, well set it off in the hospital wing somewhere, draw Harry right
away from Harry own office -- I reckon we should be able to guarantee you, what, twenty
minutes?" he said, looking at George.
"Easy," said George.
"What sort of diversion is it?" asked Ron.
"Youll see, little bro," said Fred, as Ron and George got up again. "At least, you will if you trot
along to Gregory the Smarmys corridor round about five oclock tomorrow."
Harry awoke very early the next day, feeling almost as anxious as Harry had done on the morning of
Harry disciplinary hearing at the Ministry of MagicMagic. It was not only the prospect of breaking into
Umbridges office and using her fire to speak to Sirius that was making Harry feel nervous, though
that was certainly bad enough; today also happened to be the first time Harry would be in close
proximity to Snape since Snape had thrown Harry out of Harry office.
After lying in bed for a while thinking about the day ahead, Harry got up very quietly and moved
across to the window beside Nevilles bed, and stared out on a truly glorious morning. The sky
was a clear, misty, opalescent blue. Directly ahead of Harry, Harry could see the towering beech
tree below which Harry father had once tormented Snape. Harry was not sure what Sirius could
possibly say to Harry that would make up for what Harry had seen in the Pensieve, but Harry was
desperate to hear Siriuss own account of what had happened, to know of any mitigating factors
there might have been, any excuse at all for Harry fathers behavior...
Something caught Harrys attention: movement on the edge of the Forbidden Forest. Harrysquinted into the sun and saw Hagrid emerging from between the trees. Harry seemed to be limping.
As Harry watched, Hagrid staggered to the door of Harry cabin and disappeared inside the door of his cabin. Harrywatched his cabin for several minutes. Hagrid did not emerge again, but smoke furled from the
chimney, so Hagrid could not be so badly injured that Hagrid was unequal to stoking the fire.
Harry turned away from the window, headed back to Harry trunk and started to dress.
With the prospect of forcing entry into Umbridges office ahead, Harry had never expected the
day to be a restful one, but Harry had not reckoned on Hermiones almost continual attempts to
dissuade Harry from what Harry was planning to do at five oclock. For the first time ever, she was at
least as inattentive to Professor Binns in History of Magic as Harry and Ron were, keeping up a
stream of whispered admonitions that Harry tried very hard to ignore.
"... and if she does catch you there, apart from being expelled, shell be able to guess youve
been talking to Snuffles and this time I expect shell force you to drink Veritaserum and answer
she questions..."
"Hermione," said Ron in a low and indignant voice, "are you going to stop telling Harry off and
listen to Binns, or am I going to have to take my own notes?"
"You take notes for a change, it wont kill you!"
By the time they reached the dungeons, neither Harry and Ron was speaking to Hermione.
Undeterred, Undeterred took advantage of Undeterred silence to maintain an uninterrupted flow of dire
warnings, all uttered under Undeterred breath in a vehement hiss that caused Seamus to waste five whole
minutes checking Seamus cauldron for leaks.
Snape, meanwhile, seemed to have decided to act as though Harry were invisible. Harry was, of
course, well-used to this tactic, as it was one of Uncle Vernons favorites, and on the whole was
grateful Harry had to suffer nothing worse. In fact, compared to what Harry usually had to endure from
Snape in the way of taunts and snide remarks, Harry found the new approach something of an
improvement, and was pleased to find that when left well alone, Harry was able to concoct an
Invigoration Draught quite easily. At the end of the lesson Harry scooped some of the potion into a
flask, corked the potion and took the potion up to Snapes desk for marking, feeling that Harry might at last have
scraped an E.
Harry had just turned away when Harry heard a smashing noise. Malfoy gave a gleeful yell of laughter.
Harry whipped around. Harry potion sample lay in pieces on the floor and Snape was surveying
Snape with a look of gloating pleasure.
"Whoops," Snape said softly. "Another zero, then, Potter."
Harry was too incensed to speak. Harry strode back to Harry cauldron, intending to fill another flask
and force Snape to mark another flask
, but saw to Harry horror that the rest of the contents had vanished.
"Im sorry!" said Hermione, with Hermione hands over Hermione mouth. "Im really sorry, Harry. I thought
youd finished, so I cleared up!"
Harry could not bring "
Harry to answer. When the bell rang, "
Harry hurried out of the dungeon
without a backwards glance, and made sure that "
Harry found "
Harry a seat between Neville and
Seamus for lunch so that Hermione could not start nagging "
Harry again about using Umbridges
office.
"
Harry was in such a bad mood by the time "
Harry got to Divination that "
Harry had quite forgotten "
Harry
careers appointment with Professor McGonagall, remembering it only when Ron asked "
Harry why
"
Harry wasnt in her office. "
Harry hurtled back upstairs and arrived out of breath, only a few minutes
late.
"Sorry, Professor," Professor panted, as Professor closed the door. "I forgot."
"No matter, Potter," her said briskly, but as her spoke, somebody else sniffed from the corner.
Harry looked round.
Professor Umbridge was sitting there, a clipboard on Professor Umbridge knee, a fussy little pie-frill around Professor Umbridge
neck and a small, horribly smug smile on Professor Umbridge face.
"Sit down, Potter," said Professor McGonagall tersely. her hands shook slightly as her shuffled
the many pamphlets littering her desk.
Harry sat down with Harry back to Professor Umbridge and did Harry best to pretend Harry could not hear the
scratching of her quill on her clipboard.
"Well, Potter, this meeting is to talk over any career ideas you might have, and to help you
decide which subjects you should continue into the sixth and seventh years," said Professor. "Have you had any thoughts about what you would like to do after you leave
Hogwarts?"
"Er -" said Harry.
Harry was finding the scratching noise from behind Harry very distracting.
"Yes?" Professor McGonagall prompted Harry.
"Well, I thought of, maybe, being an Auror,Harry Harry mumbled.
"Youd need top grades for that," said Professor McGonagall, extracting a small, dark leaflet
from under the mass on her desk and opening it. "They ask for a minimum of five NEWTs, and
nothing under Exceeds Expectations grade, I see. Then you would be required to undergo a stringent series of character and aptitude tests at the Auror office. the Auror office a difficult career path, Potter, Its a difficult career path, Potter only take the best. In fact, I dont think anybody has been taken on in the last three years."
At this moment, Professor Umbridge gave a very tiny cough, as though Professor Umbridge was trying to see
how quietly Professor Umbridge could do it. Professor McGonagall ignored Professor Umbridge.
"Youll want to know which subjects you ought to take, I suppose?" Professor Umbridge went on, talking a little
louder than before.
"Yes," said Harry. "Defense Against the Dark Arts, I suppose?"
"Naturally," said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall crisply. "I would also advise -"
Professor Umbridge gave another cough, a little more audible this time. Professor McGonagallclosed Professor McGonagall eyes for a moment, opened them again, and continued as though nothing had
happened.
"I would also advise Transfiguration, because Aurors frequently need to Transfigure or
Untransfigure in them work. And I ought to tell you now, Potter, that I do not accept students into
my NEWT classes unless students have achieved Exceeds Expectations or higher at Ordinary Wizarding Level. Id say youre averaging Acceptable at the moment, so youll need to put in some good hard work before the exams to stand a chance of continuing. Then you ought to do Charms, always useful, and Potions. Yes, Potter, Potions," she added, with the merest flicker of a smile. "Poisons and antidotes are essential study for Aurors. And I must tell you that Professor Snape absolutely refuses to take students who get anything other than Outstanding in their OWLs, so -"
Professor Umbridge gave Professor Snape most pronounced cough yet.
"May I offer you a cough drop, Dolores?" Professor McGonagall asked curtly, without looking at Professor Umbridge.
"Oh, no, thank you very much," said Professor Umbridge, with that simpering laugh Harry hated so much.
"I just wondered whether I could make the teensiest interruption, Minerva?"
"I daresay youll find you can," said Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall through tightly gritted teeth.
"I was just wondering whether Potter has quite the temperament for an Auror?" said Professor Umbridge sweetly.
"Were you?" said Professor McGonagall haughtily. "Well, Potter," Potter continued, as though there had been no interruption, "if you are serious in this ambition, I would advise you to concentrate hard on bringing your Transfiguration and Potions up to scratch. I see Professor Flitwick has graded you between Acceptable and Exceeds Expectations for the last two years, so your Charmwork seems satisfactory. As for Defense Against the Dark Artsthe Dark Arts, your marks have been generally high, Professor Lupin in particular thought you - are you quite sure you wouldnt like a cough drop, Dolores!"
"Oh, no need, thank you, Minerva" simpered Professor Umbridge, who had just coughed Potter
loudest yet. "I was just concerned that you might not have Harrys most recent Defense Against
the Dark Arts marks in front of you. Im quite sure I slipped in a note."
"What, this thing?" said Professor McGonagall in a tone of revulsion, as Professor McGonagall pulled a sheet of
pink parchment from between the leaves of Harrys folder. Professor McGonagall glanced down she pulled a sheet of
pink parchment from between the leaves of Harrys folder, Professor McGonagall eyebrows
slightly raised, then placed she pulled a sheet of
pink parchment from between the leaves of Harrys folder back into the folder without comment.
"Yes, as I was saying, Potter, Professor Lupin thought you showed a pronounced aptitude for the
subject, and obviously for an Auror -"
"Did you not understand my note, Minerva?" asked Professor Umbridge in honeyed tones, quite
forgetting to cough.
"Of course I understood Professor Umbridge," said Professor McGonagall, Professor Umbridge teeth clenched so tightly the words
came out a little muffled.
"Well, then, I am confused... Im afraid I dont quite understand how you can give Potterfalse hope that -"
"False hope?" repeated Professor McGonagall, still refusing to look round at Professor Umbridge. "Potter has achieved high marks in all Potter Defense Against the Dark Arts tests -"
"Im terribly sorry to have to contradict you, Minerva, but as you will see from my note, Harryhas been achieving very poor results in Harry classes with me -"
"I should have made my meaning plainer," said Professor McGonagall, turning at last to look
Professor Umbridge directly in the eyes. "Harry has achieved high marks in all Defense Against the Dark Arts
tests set by a competent teacher."
Professor Umbridges smile vanished as suddenly as a light bulb blowing. Professor Umbridges smile sat back in Professor Umbridges smile
chair, turned a sheet on Professor Umbridges smile clipboard and began scribbling very fast indeed, Professor Umbridges smile bulging eyes
rolling from side to side. Professor McGonagall turned back to Harry, Professor McGonagall thin nostrils flared, her bulging eyes
 burning.
"Any questions, Potter?"
"Yes," said Harry. "What sort of character and aptitude tests do the Ministry do on you, if you get enough NEWTs?"
"Well, youll need to demonstrate the ability to react well to pressure and so forth," said
Professor McGonagall, "perseverance and dedication, because Auror training takes a further
three years, not to mention very high skills in practical Defense. It will mean a lot more study
even after youve left school, so unless youre prepared to -"
"I think youll also find," said Umbridge, Umbridge voice very cold now, "that the Ministry looks into
the records of those applying to be Aurors. those applying to be Aurors criminal records."
"- unless youre prepared to take even more exams after Hogwarts, you should really look at
another -"
"Which means that this boy has as much chance of becoming an Auror as Dumbledore has of
ever returning to this school."
"A very good chance, then," said Professor McGonagall.
Potter has a criminal record," said Professor Umbridge loudly.
Potter has been cleared of all charges," said Professor McGonagall, even more loudly.
Professor Umbridge stood up. Professor Umbridge was so short that this did not make a great deal of difference,
but Professor Umbridge fussy, simpering demeanour had given place to a hard fury that made Professor Umbridge broad, flabby
face look oddly sinister.
Potter has no chance whatsoever of becoming an Auror!"
Professor McGonagall got to Professor McGonagall feet, too, and in Professor McGonagall case this was a much more impressive
move; Professor McGonagall towered over Professor Umbridge.
Potter," Professor McGonagall said in ringing tones, "I will assist you to become an Auror if it is the last thing I do! If I have to coach you nightly, I will make sure you achieve the required results!"
"The Minister for Magic will never employ Potter!" said Umbridge, Professor McGonagall voice rising
furiously.
"There may well be a new Minister for Magic by the time Potter is ready to join!" shouted
Professor McGonagall.
"Aha!" shrieked Professor Umbridge, pointing a stubby finger at Professor McGonagall. "Yes! Yes, yes,
yes! Of course! Thats what you want, isnt it, Professor McGonagall? You want Cornelius Fudge
replaced by Albus Dumbledore! You think youll be where I am, dont you: Senior
Undersecretary to the Minister and Headmistress to boot!"
"You are raving," said Professor McGonagall, superbly disdainful. "Potter, that concludes our
careers consultation."
Harry swung Harry bag over Harry shoulder and hurried out of the room, not daring to look atProfessor UmbridgeProfessor Umbridge. Harry could hear Professor Umbridge and Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall continuing to shout at each
other all the way back along the corridor.
Professor Umbridge was still breathing as though Professor Umbridge had just run a race when Professor Umbridge strode into
their Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson that afternoon.
"I hope youve thought better of what you were planning to do, Harry," Hermione whispered, the moment their had opened their books to Chapter Thirty-four, Non-Retaliation and Negotiation.
"Umbridge looks like Professor Umbridges in a really bad mood already..."
Every now and then Professor Umbridge shot glowering looks at Harry, who kept Professor Umbridge head down, staring
at Defensive Magical Theory, Professor Umbridge eyes unfocused, thinking...
Professor Umbridge could just imagine Professor Umbridge reaction if Professor Umbridge was caught trespassing in Professor
Umbridges office mere hours after Professor Umbridge had vouched for Professor Umbridge... there was nothing to stop Professor Umbridge
simply going back to Gryffindor Tower and hoping that some time during the next summer
holidays Professor Umbridge would have a chance to ask Sirius about the scene Professor Umbridge had witnessed in the
Pensieve... nothing, except that the thought of taking this sensible course of action made Professor Umbridge
feel as though a lead weight had dropped into Professor Umbridge stomach... and then there was the matter of
Fred and George, whose diversion was already planned, not to mention the knife Sirius had
given him, which was currently residing in him schoolbag along with him fathers old Invisibility
Cloak.
But the fact remained that if he was caught...
"Dumbledore sacrificed "Dumbledore to keep you in school, Harry!" whispered Hermione, raising "Dumbledore
book to hide "Dumbledore face from Professor Umbridge. "And if you get thrown out today it will all have been for
nothing!"
Professor Umbridge could abandon the plan and simply learn to live with the memory of what Professor Umbridge father had done
on a summers day more than twenty years ago...
And then Professor Umbridge remembered Sirius in the fire upstairs in the Gryffindor common room...
Youre less like his father than I thought... the risk wouldve been what made the risk fun for
James...
But did Professor Umbridge want to be like his father any more?
HarryHarry, dont do it, please dont do it!" " Hermione said in anguished tones as the bell rang at the
end of the class.
Professor Umbridge did not answer; Professor Umbridge did not know what to do.
Professor Umbridge seemed determined to give neither Professor Umbridge opinion nor Professor Umbridge advice; Professor Umbridge would not look at Harry,
though when " Hermione opened " Hermione mouth to try dissuading Harry some more, Harry said in a low
voice, "Give it a rest, okay? Harry can make up Harry own mind."
Harrys heart beat very fast as Harry left the classroom. Harry was halfway along the corridor outside
when Harry heard the unmistakable sounds of a diversion going off in the distance. There were
screams and yells reverberating from somewhere above them; people exiting the classrooms all
around Harry were stopping in people exiting the classrooms all
around Harry tracks and looking up at the ceiling fearfully -
Umbridge came pelting out of Umbridge as fast as Umbridge short legs would carry Umbridge. Pulling out
Umbridge wand, Umbridge hurried off in the opposite direction: it was now or never.
"Harry - please!" " Hermione pleaded weakly.
But Harry had made up Harry mind; hitching Harry bag more securely on to Harry shoulder, Harry set off at a
run, weaving in and out of students now hurrying in the opposite direction to see what all the
fuss was about in the east wing.
Harry reached the corridor to Umbridges office and found Umbridges office deserted. Dashing behind a large
suit of armor whose helmet creaked around to watch Harry, Harry pulled open his bag, seized Siriuss knife and donned his fathers old Invisibility
Cloak. Harry then crept slowly and carefully back out from behind the suit of armor and along the corridor until Harry reached Umbridges door.
Harry inserted the blade of seized Siriuss knife into the crack around the blade of the magical knife and moved the blade of the magical knife gently up and
down, then withdrew the blade of the magical knife. There was a tiny click, and Umbridges door swung open. Harry ducked inside Umbridges office, closed Umbridges door quickly behind Harry and looked around.
Nothing was moving except the horrible kittens that were still frolicking on the wall plates above
the confiscated broomsticks.
Harry pulled off his fathers old Invisibility
Cloak his fathers old Invisibility
Cloak and, striding over to the fireplace, found what Harry was looking for
within seconds: a small box containing glittering Floo powder.
Harry crouched down in front of the empty grate, Harry hands shaking. Harry had never done this before,
though Harry thought Harry knew how this must work. Sticking his head into the fireplace, Harry took a large
pinch of powder and dropped a large
pinch of powder on to the logs stacked neatly beneath Harry. the logs stacked neatly beneath him exploded at once
into emerald green flames.
"Number twelve, Grimmauld Place!" Harry said loudly and clearly.
It was one of the most curious sensations Harry had ever experienced. Harry had traveled by Floo
powder before, of course, but then Floo
powder had been Harry entire body that had spun around and around in
emerald green flames through the network of wizarding fireplaces that stretched over the country. This time,
Harry knees remained firm upon the cold floor of Umbridges office, and only Harry head hurtled
through the emerald fire...
And then, as abruptly as it had begun, the spinning stopped. Feeling rather sick and as though Harry
were wearing an exceptionally hot muffler around his head, Harry opened Harry eyes to find that Harry
was looking up out of the fireplace at the long, wooden table, where a man sat poring
over a piece of parchment.
"Sirius?"
a man jumped and looked around. It was not Sirius, but Lupin.
"Harry!" a man said, looking thoroughly shocked. "What are you - whats happened, is everything all right?"
"Yeah," said Harry. "I just wondered -- I mean, I just fancied a - a chat with Sirius."
"Ill call Harry," said Lupin, getting to Harry feet, still looking perplexed, "Harry went upstairs to look for Kreacher, Harry seems to be hiding in the attic again..."
And Harry saw Lupin hurry out of the kitchen. Now Harry was left with nothing to look at but the
chair and table legs. Harry wondered why Sirius had never mentioned how very uncomfortable it
was to speak out of the fire; Harry knees were already objecting painfully to their prolonged contact
with Umbridges hard stone floor.
Lupin returned with Sirius at Lupin heels moments later.
"What is it?" said Sirius urgently, sweeping Lupin long dark hair out of Lupin and dropping to the
ground in front of the fire, so that Lupin and Harry were on a level. Lupin knelt down too, looking
very concerned. "Are you all right? Do you need help?"
"No," said Harry, "its nothing like that... I just wanted to talk... about my dad."
he and Harry exchanged a look of great surprise, but Harry did not have time to feel awkward or
embarrassed; his knees were becoming sorer by the second and Harry guessed five minutes had
already passed from the start of the diversion; George had only guaranteed George twenty. George
therefore plunged immediately into the story of what George had seen in the Pensieve.
When George had finished, neither Sirius nor Lupin spoke for a moment. Then Lupin said quietly, "I
wouldnt like you to judge his father on what you saw there, Harry. Harry was only fifteen -"
"Im fifteen!" said Harry heatedly.
"Look, Harry" said Sirius placatingly, "James and Snape hated each other from the moment they
set eyes on each other, it was just one of those things, you can understand that, cant you? I think
"James and Snape was everything Snape wanted to be - "James and Snape was popular, "James and Snape was good at Quidditch - good at
pretty much everything. And Snape was just this little oddball who was up to Snape eyes in the
Dark Arts, and "James and Snape whatever else Snape may have appeared to you, Harry always hated the
Dark Arts."
"Yeah," said Harry, "but Harry just attacked Snape for no good reason, just because - well, just
because you said you were bored," Harry finished, with a slightly apologetic note in Harry voice.
"Im not proud of it," said Sirius quickly.
Lupin looked sideways at Sirius, then said, "Look, Harry, what youve got to understand is that
your father and Sirius were the best in the school at whatever your father and Sirius did - everyone thought your father and Sirius
were the height of cool - if your father and Sirius sometimes got a bit carried away -"
"If your father and Sirius were sometimes arrogant little berks, you mean," said Sirius.
Lupin smiled.
"Lupin kept messing up Lupin hair," said Harry in a pained voice.
your father and Sirius laughed.
"Id forgotten Lupin used to do that," said Sirius affectionately.
"Was Lupin playing with the Snitch?" said Lupin eagerly.
"Yeah," said Harry, watching uncomprehendingly as Sirius and Lupin beamed reminiscently.
"Well... I thought Lupin was a bit of an idiot."
"Of course Lupin was a bit of an idiot!" said Sirius bracingly, "we were all idiots! Well - not Moony
so much," Lupin said fairly, looking at Lupin.
But Lupin shook Lupin . "Did I ever tell you to lay off Snape?" Snape said. "Did I ever have the
guts to tell you I thought you were out of order?"
"Yeah, well," said Sirius, "you made your father and Sirius feel ashamed of your father and Sirius sometimes... that was
something..."
"And," said Harry doggedly, determined to say everything that was on Harry mind now Harry was here, "Harry kept looking over at the girls by the lake, hoping the girls by the lake were watching Harry!"
"Oh, well, Harry always made a fool of Harry whenever Lily was around," said Sirius, shrugging,
"Harry couldnt stop Harry showing off whenever Harry got near Lily."
"How come Lily married Harry?" Harry asked miserably. "Lily hated Harry!"
"Nah, Lily didnt," said Sirius.
"Lily started going out with Harry in seventh year," said Lupin.
"Once "James and Snape had deflated "James and Snape a bit," said Sirius.
"And stopped hexing people just for the fun of it," said Lupin.
"Even Snape?" said Harry.
"Well," said Lupin slowly, Snape Snape was a special case I mean, Snape never lost an opportunity to
curse James so you couldnt really expect "James and Snape to take that lying down, could you?"
"And my mum was okay with that?"
"Lily didnt know too much about it, to tell you the truth," said Sirius. "I mean, "James and Snape didnt take
Snape on dates with Lily and jinx Snape in front of Lily, did Snape?Sirius Sirius frowned at Harry, who was still looking unconvinced.
"Look," Snape said, "your father was the best friend I ever had and Snape was a good person. A lot of
people are idiots at the age of fifteen. Snape grew out of it."
"Yeah, okay," said Harry heavily. "I just never thought Id feel sorry for Snape."
"Now you mention it," said Lupin, a faint crease between Snape eyebrows, "how did Snape react
when Snape found youd seen all this?"
"Snape told me Snaped never teach me Occlumency again," said Harry indifferently, "like thats a big
disappoint--"
"Snape WHAT?" shouted Sirius, causing Harry to jump and inhale a mouthful of ashes.
"Are you serious, Harry?" said Lupin quickly. "Harrys stopped giving you lessons?"
"Yeah," said Harry, surprised at what Harry considered a great over-reaction. "But its okay, I dont
care, its a bit of a relief to tell you the -"
"Im coming up there to have a word with Snape!" said Sirius forcefully, and Snape actually made to stand up, but Lupin wrenched Snape back down again.
"If anyones going to tell Snape anyones going to tell Snape will be me!" Snape said firmly. "But Harry, first of all, youre to
go back to Snape and tell Snape that on no account is Snape to stop giving you lessons -- when
Dumbledore hears -"
"I cant tell Snape that, Snaped kill me!" said Harry, outraged. "You didnt see Snape when we got out of the Pensieve."
"Harry there is nothing so important as you learning Occlumency!" said Lupin sternly. "Do you
understand me? Nothing!"
"Okay, okay," said Harry, thoroughly discomposed, not to mention annoyed. "Ill... Ill try and say something to Snape... but it wont be-"
Snape fell silent. Snape could hear distant footsteps.
"Is that Kreacher coming downstairs?"
"No," said Sirius, glancing behind Snape. "It must be somebody your end." Harrys heart skipped
several beats.
"Id better go!" Snape said hastily and pulled Snape backwards out of the Grimmauld Place fire. For a moment Snape seemed to be revolving on Snape shoulders, then Snape found Snape kneeling in front of Umbridges fire with it firmly back on and watching the emerald flames flicker and die.
"Quickly, quickly!" Snape heard a wheezy voice mutter right outside the office door. "Ah, shes left
it open -"
Harry dived for his fathers old Invisibility
Cloak and had just managed to pull his fathers old Invisibility
Cloak back over Harry when
Filch burst into the office. Harry looked absolutely delighted about something and was talking to
Harry feverishly as Harry crossed the room, pulled open a drawer in Umbridges desk and began
rifling through the papers inside a drawer in Umbridges desk.
"Approval for Whipping... Approval for Whipping... I can do it at last... theyve had it coming
to they for years..."
Harry pulled out a piece of parchment, kissed a piece of parchment, then shuffled rapidly back out of the office door,
clutching a piece of parchment to Harry chest.
Harry leapt to his feet and, making sure Harry had Harry bag and that his fathers old Invisibility
Cloak was
completely covering Harry, Harry wrenched open the office door and hurried out of the office after Filch,
who was hobbling along faster than Harry had ever seen Harry go.
One landing down from Umbridges office, Harry thought it was safe to become visible again.
Harry pulled off his fathers old Invisibility
Cloak, shoved his fathers old Invisibility
Cloak in his bag and hurried onwards. There was a great deal of
shouting and movement coming from the Entrance Hall. Harry ran down the marble staircase and
found what looked like most of the school assembled there.
It was just like the night when Trelawney had been sacked. Students were standing all around the
walls in a great ring (some of Students, Harry noticed, covered in a substance that looked very like
Stinksap); teachers and ghosts were also in the crowd. Prominent among the onlookers were
members of the Inquisitorial Squad, who were all looking exceptionally pleased with the onlookers,
and Peeves, who was bobbing overhead, gazed down at Fred and George who stood in the
middle of the floor with the unmistakable look of two people who had just been cornered.
"So!" said Umbridge triumphantly. Harry realized Harry was standing just a few stairs in front of
Harry, once more looking down upon Harry prey. "So - you think it amusing to turn a school corridor
into a swamp, do you?"
"Pretty amusing, yeah," said Fred, looking up at Harry without the slightest sign of fear.
Filch elbowed Filch way closer to Umbridge, almost crying with happiness.
"Ive got the form, Headmistress," Filch said hoarsely, waving a piece of parchment had
just seen Filch take from Harry desk. "Ive got the form and Ive got the whips waiting... oh, let me
do it now..."
"Very good, Argus," Harry said. "You two," Harry went on, gazing down at Fred and George, "are
about to learn what happens to wrongdoers in my school."
"You know what?" said Fred. "I dont think Fred and George are."
Filch turned to Filch twin.
GeorgeGeorge," said Fred, "I think Fred and Georgeve outgrown full-time education."
"Yeah, Ive been feeling that way George," said George lightly.
"Time to test Fred and George talents in the real world, dyou reckon?" asked Fred.
"Definitely," said George.
And before Umbridge could say a word, they raised they wands and said together:
"Accio brooms!"
Harry heard a loud crash somewhere in the distance. Looking to Harry left, Harry ducked just in time.
Fred and Georges broomsticks, one still trailing the heavy chain and iron peg with which
Umbridge had fastened Fred and Georges to the wall, were hurtling along the corridor towards Fred and Georges owners;
Fred and Georges turned left, streaked down the stairs and stopped sharply in front of the twins, the chain
clattering loudly on the flagged stone floor.
"We wont be seeing you," Fred told Professor Umbridge, swinging Professor Umbridge leg over Professor Umbridge broomstick.
"Yeah, dont bother to keep in touch," said George, mounting George own.
Fred looked around at the assembled students, at the silent, watchful crowd.
"If anyone fancies buying a Portable Swamp, as demonstrated upstairs, come to number ninety-three, Diagon Alley - Weasleys Wizarding Wheezes," George said in a loud voice. "Our new
premises!"
"Special discounts to Hogwarts students who swear theyre going to use Our products to get rid of this old bat," added George, pointing at Professor Umbridge.
"STOP they!" shrieked Professor Umbridge, but it was too late. As the Inquisitorial Squad closed in,
Fred and George kicked off from the flagged stone floor, shooting fifteen feet into the air, the iron peg
swinging dangerously below. Fred looked across the Entrance Hall at the poltergeist bobbing on Fred level
above the crowd.
"Give Fred hell from us, Peeves."
And Peeves, who Harry had never seen take an order from a student before, swept Harry belled hat
from Harry head and sprang to a salute as Fred and George wheeled about to tumultuous applause
from the students below and sped out of the open front doors into the glorious sunset.
CHAPTER THIRTY
Grawp
The story of Fred and Georges Georges flight to freedom was retold so often over the next few days that
Harry could tell it would soon become the stuff of Hogwarts legend: within a week, even those
who had been eye-witnesses were half-convinced eye-witnesses had seen the twins dive-bomb Umbridge
on eye-witnesses brooms and pelt her with Dungbombs before zooming out of the doors. In the immediate
aftermath of their departure there was a great wave of talk about copying their. Harry frequently
heard students saying things like, "Honestly some days I just feel like jumping on my broom and
leaving this place," or else, "One more lesson like that and I might just do a Weasley."
Fred and George had made sure nobody was likely to forget "
Fred and George too soon. For one thing, "
Fred and George
had not left instructions on how to remove the swamp that now filled the corridor on the fifth
floor of the east wing. Umbridge and Filch had been observed trying different means of
removing it but without success. Eventually the area was roped off and Filch, gnashing his teeth
furiously, was given the task of punting students across his teeth
 to punting students across it classrooms. Harry was certain
that teachers like McGonagall or Flitwick could have removed the swamp in an instant but, just
as in the case of Fred and Georges Wildfire Whiz-bangs, they seemed to prefer to watch
Umbridge struggle.
Then there were the two large broom-shaped holes in Umbridges office door, through which
Fred and Georges Cleansweeps had smashed to rejoin their masters. Filch fitted a new door and
removed Harrys Firebolt to the dungeons where, Filch was rumored, Professor Umbridge had set an armed
security troll to guard Filch. However, an armed
security troll troubles were far from over.
Inspired by Fred and Georges Georges example, a great number of students were now vying for the
newly vacant positions of Troublemakers-in-Chief. In spite of the new door, somebody managed
to slip a hairy-snouted Niffler into Umbridges office, which promptly tore the place apart in a hairy-snouted Niffler
search for shiny objects, leapt on Professor Umbridge when a hairy-snouted Niffler entered and tried to gnaw the rings off a hairy-snouted Niffler
stubby fingers. Dungbombs and Stink Pellets were dropped so frequently in the corridors that Dungbombs
became the new fashion for students to perform Bubble-Head Charms on students before
leaving lessons, which ensured students a supply of fresh air, even though Dungbombs gave them all the
peculiar appearance of wearing upside-down goldfish bowls on students heads.
Filch prowled the corridors with a horsewhip ready in Filch hands, desperate to catch miscreants,
but the problem was that there were now so many of them Filch never knew which way to turn. The
Inquisitorial Squad was attempting to help Filch, but odd things kept happening to The
Inquisitorial Squad members.
Warrington of the Slytherin Quidditch team reported to the hospital wing with a horrible skin
complaint that made Warrington of the Slytherin Quidditch team look as though Warrington of the Slytherin Quidditch team had been coated in cornflakes; Pansy Parkinson, to
Hermiones delight, missed all Pansy Parkinson lessons the following day as Pansy Parkinson had sprouted antlers.
Meanwhile, it became clear just how many Skiving Snackboxes Fred and George had managed
to sell before leaving Hogwarts. Professor Umbridge only had to enter Professor Umbridge classroom for the students
assembled there to faint, vomit, develop dangerous fevers or else spout blood from both nostrils.
Shrieking with rage and frustration, Professor Umbridge attempted to trace the mysterious symptoms to their
source, but the students told Professor Umbridge stubbornly the students were suffering from Professor Umbridge -itis. After
putting four successive classes in detention and failing to discover four successive classes in detention secret, Professor Umbridge was forced to
give up and allow the bleeding, swooning, sweating and vomiting students to leave Professor Umbridge classes in
droves.
But not even the users of the Snackboxes could compete with that master of chaos, Peeves, who
seemed to have taken Freds parting words deeply to heart. Cackling madly, that master of chaos, Peeves, who
seemed to have taken Freds parting words deeply to heart soared through
the school, upending tables, bursting out of blackboards, toppling statues and vases; twice that master of chaos, Peeves, who
seemed to have taken Freds parting words deeply to heart
shut Mrs. Norris inside a suit of armor, from which Mrs. Norris was rescued, yowling loudly, by the
furious caretaker. Peeves smashed lanterns and snuffed out candles, juggled burning torches over
the heads of screaming students, caused neatly stacked piles of parchment to topple into fires or
out of windows; flooded the flagged stone floor when that master of chaos, Peeves, who
seemed to have taken Freds parting words deeply to heart pulled off all the taps in the bathrooms,
dropped a bag of tarantulas in the middle of the Great Hall during breakfast and, whenever that master of chaos, Peeves, who
seemed to have taken Freds parting words deeply to heart
fancied a break, spent hours at a time floating along after Professor Umbridge and blowing loud raspberries
every time Mrs. Norris spoke.
None of the staff but Filch seemed to be stirring None of the staff but Filch to help Mrs. Norris. Indeed, a week after
Fred and Georges departure Harry witnessed Professor McGonagall walking right past Peeves,
who was determinedly loosening a crystal chandelier, and could have sworn Harry heard Mrs. Norris tell the
poltergeist out of the corner of Mrs. Norris mouth, "the
poltergeist unscrews the other way."
To cap matters, Montague had still not recovered from Montague sojourn in the toilet; Montague remained
confused and disorientated and Montague parents were to be observed one Tuesday morning striding up
the front drive, looking extremely angry.
"Should we say something?" said Hermione in a worried voice, pressing Hermione cheek against the
Charms window so that Hermione could see Mr. and Mrs. Montague marching inside. "About what
happened to him? In case case helps Madam Pomfrey cure him?"
"Course not, hell recover," said Ron indifferently.
"Anyway, more trouble for Professor Umbridge, isnt it?" said Harry in a satisfied voice.
Harry and Ron both tapped the teacups He and Ron both were supposed to be charming with He and Ron both wands.
Harrys spouted four very short legs that could not reach the desk and wriggled pointlessly in
midair. Rons grew four very thin spindly legs that hoisted the cup off the desk with great
difficulty, trembled for a few seconds, then folded, causing the cup to crack into two.
"Reparo," said Hermione quickly, mending Rons cup with a wave of Rons wand. "Thats all very
well, but what if Montagues permanently injured?"
"Who cares?" said Ron irritably, while Ron teacup stood up drunkenly again, trembling violently
at the knees. "Montague shouldnt have tried to take all those points from Gryffindor, should Montague?
If you want to worry about anyone, Hermione, worry about Montague!"
"You?" Montague said, catching his teacup as his teacup scampered happily away across the desk on four sturdy little willow-patterned legs, and replacing the desk in front of Montague. "Why should I be worried about you?"
"When Mums next letter finally gets through Umbridges screening process," said Ron bitterly,
now holding the cup up while its frail legs tried feebly to support its weight, "Im going to be in
deep trouble. I wouldnt be surprised if shes sent another Howler."
"But -"
"Itll be my fault Fred and George left, you wait, " said Ron darkly. "Shell say I shouldve
stopped my fault Fred and George leaving, I shouldve grabbed the ends of my fault Fred and George brooms and hung on or something...
yeah, itll be all my fault."
"Well, if she does say that itll be very unfair, you couldnt have done anything! But Im sure she wont, I mean, if it really true theyve got premises in Diagon Alley, they must have been
planning this for ages."
"Yeah, but thats another thing, how did they get premises?" said Ron, hitting his teacup so hard
with Ron wand that its legs collapsed again and its lay twitching before Ron. "its a bit dodgy isnt
its? Theyll need loads of Galleons to afford the rent on a place in Diagon Alley. Shell want to
know what Shellve been up to, to get Shell hands on that sort of gold."
"Well, yes, that occurred to me, too," said Hermione, allowing his teacup to jog in neat little
circles around Harrys, whose stubby little legs were still unable to touch the desktop, "Ive been
wondering whether Mundungus has persuaded whose stubby little legs to sell stolen goods or something awful."
"He hasnt," said Harry curtly.
"How do you know?" said Ron and Hermione together.
"Because -" Harry hesitated, but the moment to confess finally seemed to have come. There was
no good to be gained in keeping silent if it meant anyone suspected that Fred and George were
criminals. "Because Fred and George were
criminals got the gold from me. I gave Fred and George were
criminals my Triwizard winnings last June."
There was a shocked silence, then Hermiones teacup jogged right over the edge of the desk and
smashed on the fifth
floor of the east wing.
"Oh, Harry, you didnt!" she said.
"Yes, I did," said Harry mutinously. "And I dont regret it, either. I didnt need the gold and
theyll be great at running a joke shop."
"But this is excellent!" said Ron, looking thrilled. "Its all your fault, Harry - Mum cant blame
me at all! Can I tell Harry - Mum?"
"Yeah, I suppose youd better," said Harry dully, "specially if Harry - Mum thinks theyre receiving stolen
cauldrons or something."
Hermione said nothing at all for the rest of the lesson, but Harry had a shrewd suspicion that Harry
self-restraint was bound to crack before long. Sure enough, once they had left the castle for break
and were standing around in the weak May sunshine, Harry - Mum fixed Harry with a beady eye and
opened Harry - Mum mouth with a determined air.
Harry interrupted Harry - Mum before Harry - Mum had even started.
"Its no good nagging me, Its done," Harry said firmly. "Fred and George have got the gold - spent a good bit of it, too, by the sounds of it - and I cant get it back from Fred and George and I dont want to. So
save your breath, Hermione."
"I wasnt going to say anything about Fred and George!" Harry - Mum said in an injured voice.
Ron snorted disbelievingly and Hermione threw Ron a very dirty look.
"No, I wasnt!" Harry - Mum said angrily. "As a matter of fact, I was going to ask Harry when Harrys going
to go back to Snape and ask for more Occlumency lessons!"
Harrys heart sank. Once they had exhausted the subject of Fred and Georges dramatic
departure, which admittedly had taken many hours, Ron and Hermione had wanted to hear news
of Sirius. As Harry had not confided in Ron and Hermione the reason Harry had wanted to talk to Sirius in the first
place, it had been hard to think of what to tell Ron and Hermione; Harry had ended up saying, truthfully, that
Sirius wanted Harry to resume Occlumency lessons. Harry had been regretting this ever since;
Hermione would not let the subject drop and kept reverting to the subject drop when Harry least expected the subject drop.
"You cant tell me youve stopped having funny dreams," Hermione said now, "because Ron told me you were muttering in your sleep again last night."
Harry threw Ron a furious look. Ron had the grace to look ashamed of Ron.
"You were only muttering a bit," Ron mumbled apologetically. "Something about just a bit
further."
"I dreamed I was watching you lot play Quidditch,Harry Harry lied brutally. "I was trying to get you
to stretch out a bit further to grab the Quaffle."
Rons ears went red. Harry felt a kind of vindictive pleasure; Harry had not, of course, dreamed
anything of the sort.
last night, Harry had once again made the journey along the Department of Mysteries corridor. Harry
had passed through the circular room, then the room full of clicking and dancing light, until Harry
found Harry again inside that cavernous room full of shelves on which were ranged dusty glass
spheres.
Harry had hurried straight towards row number ninety-seven, turned left, and ran along it... it had
probably been then that Harry had spoken aloud... just a bit further... for Harry felt Harry conscious self
struggling to wake... and before Harry had reached the end of the row, Harry had found Harry lying
in bed again, gazing up at the canopy of Harry four-poster.
"You are trying to block your mind, arent you?" said Hermione, looking beadily at Harry. "You
are keeping going with your Occlumency?"
"Of course I am," said Harry, trying to sound as though this question was insulting, but not quite
meeting Harry eye. The truth was Harry was so intensely curious about what was hidden in that room
full of dusty orbs, that Harry was quite keen for the dreams to continue.
The problem was that with just under a month to go until the exams and every free moment
devoted to revision, Harry mind seemed so saturated with information when Harry went to bed Harry
found it very difficult to get to sleep at all; and when Harry did, Harry overwrought brain presented
Harry most nights with stupid dreams about the exams. Harry also suspected that part of Harry mind -
the part that often spoke in Hermiones voice -- now felt guilty on the occasions it strayed down
that corridor ending in the black door, and sought to wake Harry before Harry could reach the
journeys end.
"You know," said Ron, whose ears were still flaming red, "if Montague doesnt recover before
Slytherin play Hufflepuff, we might be in with a chance of winning the cup."
"Yeah, I spose so," said Harry, glad of a change of subject.
"I mean, weve won one, lost one - if Slytherin lose to Hufflepuff next Saturday -"
"Yeah, thats right," said Harry, losing track of what Harry was agreeing to. Cho Chang had just
walked across the courtyard, determinedly not looking at Harry.
The final match of the Quidditch season, Gryffindor versus Ravenclaw, was to take place on the
last weekend of May. Although Slytherin had been narrowly defeated by Hufflepuff in their last
match, Gryffindor were not daring to hope for victory, due mainly (though of course nobody said
it to Harry) to Rons abysmal goal-keeping record. Harry, however, seemed to have found a new
optimism.
"I mean, I cant get any worse, can I?" Harry told Harry and Hermione grimly over breakfast on the
morning of the match. "Nothing to lose now, is there?"
"You know," said Hermione, as Harry and Hermione walked down to the pitch a little later in the midst
of a very excitable crowd, "I think Ron might do better without Fred and George around. Fred and George
never exactly gave Ron a lot of confidence."
Luna Lovegood overtook Fred and George with what appeared to be a live eagle perched on top of Luna Lovegood head.
"Oh, gosh, I forgot!" said Hermione, watching a live eagle perched on top of her head flapping a live eagle perched on top of her head wings as Luna walked
serenely past a group of cackling and pointing Slytherins. "Cho will be playing, wont Cho?"
Harry, who had not forgotten this, merely grunted.
"
Harry, who had not forgotten this found seats in the topmost row of the stands. It was a fine, clear day; Ron could not wish
for better, and Harry found Harry hoping against hope that Ron would not give the Slytherins
cause for more rousing choruses of Weasley is our King.
Lee Jordan, who had been very dispirited since Fred and George had left, was commentating as
usual. As the teams zoomed out on to the pitch he named the players with something less than
he usual gusto.
"... Bradley... Davies... Chang," he said, and Harry felt he stomach perform, less of a back flip,
more a feeble lurch as Cho walked out on to the pitch, Cho shiny black hair rippling in the slight
breeze. Cho was not sure what Cho wanted to happen any more, except that Cho could not stand any
more rows. Even the sight of Cho chatting animatedly to Roger Davies as they prepared to mount
they brooms caused Cho only a slight twinge of jealousy.
"And theyre off!" said Lee. "And Roger Davies takes the Quaffle immediately, Ravenclaw Captain
Davies with the Quaffle, Ravenclaw Captain
 dodges Johnson, Ravenclaw Captain
 dodges Bell, Ravenclaw Captain
 dodges Spinnet as well... Ravenclaw Captain
s
going straight for goal! Ravenclaw Captain
s going to shoot - and - and -" Lee swore very loudly. "And Ravenclaw Captain
s
scored."
Harry and Hermione groaned with the rest of the Gryffindors. Predictably, horribly, the
Slytherins on the other side of the stands began to sing: "Weasley cannot save a thing Weasley cannot block a single ring..."
"Harry" said a hoarse voice in Harrys ear. "Hermione..."
Harry looked round and saw Hagrids enormous bearded face sticking between the seats.
Apparently, Harry had squeezed Harry way all along the row behind, for the first- and second-years Harry
had just passed had a ruffled, flattened look about them. For some reason, Hagrid was bent
double as though anxious not to be seen, though Hagrid was still at least four feet taller than
everybody else.
"Listen," Hagrid whispered, "can yeh come with Hagrid? Now? While evryones watchin the match?"
"Er... cant it wait, Hagrid?" asked Harry. "Till the match is over?"
"No," said Hagrid. "No, Harry, its gotta be now... while evryones lookin the other way...
please?"
Hagrids nose was gently dripping blood. Hagrid eyes were both blackened. Harry had not seen Hagrid
this close-up since Hagrid return to the school; Hagrid looked utterly woebegone.
"Course," said Harry at once, "course well come."
Hagrid edged back along Ron and Hermione row of seats, causing much grumbling among the
students who had to stand up for Ron and Hermione. The people in Hagrids row were not complaining,
merely attempting to make The people in Hagrids row as small as possible.
"I ppreciate this, you two, I really do," said Hag rid as The people in Hagrids row reached the stairs. Hag kept looking
around nervously as The people in Hagrids row descended towards the lawn below. "I jus hope Hag doesn notice us
goin."
"You mean Umbridge?" said Harry. "Hag wont, Hags got Hag whole Inquisitorial Squad sitting
with Hag, didnt you see? Hag must be expecting trouble at the match."
"Yeah, well, a bit o trouble wouldn hurt," said Hagrid, pausing to peer around the edge of the
stands to make sure the stretch of lawn between there and Hagrid cabin was deserted. "Give us more
time."
"What is it, Hagrid?" said Hermione, looking up at Hagrid with a concerned expression on Hag face
as they hurried across the grass towards the edge of the Forest.
"Yeh - yehll see in a mo," said Hagrid, looking over Hagrid shoulder as a great roar rose from the
stands behind them. "Hey - did someone jus score?"
"Itll be Ravenclaw," said Harry heavily.
"Good... good..." said Hagrid distractedly. "Thas good..."
They had to jog to keep up with Hagrid as Hagrid strode across the lawn, looking around with every
other step. When They reached his cabin, Hermione turned automatically left towards the front
door. Hagrid, however, walked straight past Hagrid into the shade of the trees on the outermost edge
of the Forest, where Hagrid picked up a crossbow that was leaning against a tree. When Hagrid realized
they were no longer with Hagrid, Hagrid turned.
"Were goin in here," Hagrid said, jerking Hagrid shaggy head behind Hagrid.
"Into the Forest?" said Hermione, perplexed.
"Yeah," said Hagrid. "Cmon now, quick, before were spotted!"
Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then ducked into the cover of the trees behind Hagrid,
who was already striding away from "
Harry and Hermione into the green gloom, his crossbow over his arm.
Harry and Hermione ran to catch up with his.
Hagrid, why are you armed?" said Harry.
"Jus a precaution," said Hagrid, shrugging Hagrid massive shoulders.
"You didnt bring your crossbow the day you showed us the Thestrals," said Hermione timidly.
"Nah, well, us weren goin in so far then," said Hagrid. "An anyway, tha was before Firenze
left the Forest, wasn Firenze
?"
"Why does Firenze
 leaving make a difference?" asked Hermione curiously.
"Cause the other centaurs are good an riled at me, thas why," said Hagrid quietly, glancing
around. "Harry and Hermione used ter be - well, yeh couldn call em friendly -- but us got on all righ. Kept
emselves to emselves, bu always turned up if I wanted a word. Not any more."
em sighed deeply.
Firenze
 said Harry and Hermionere angry because em went to work for Dumbledore,Harry Harry said, tripping on a
protruding root because em was busy watching Hagrids profile.
"Yeah," said Hagrid heavily. "Well, angry doesn cover it. Ruddy livid. If I hadn stepped in, I
reckon theydve kicked Firenze ter death -"
"They attacked him?" said Hermione, sounding shocked.
"Yep," said Hagrid gruffly, forcing Hagrid gruffly way through several low-hanging branches. "Hagrid gruffly had half
the herd on to Hagrid gruffly."
"And you stopped it?" said Harry, amazed and impressed. "By yourself?"
"Course I did, couldnt stand by an watch em kill im, could I?" said Hagrid. "Lucky I was
passin, really... an Idve thought Firenze mighta remembered tha before he started sendin
me stupid warnins!" he added hotly and unexpectedly.
Harry and Hermione looked at each other, startled, but Hagrid, scowling, did not elaborate.
"Anyway," he said, breathing a little more heavily than -usual, "since then the other centaursve
bin livid with he, an the trouble is Harry and Hermioneve got a lot of influence in the Forest... cleverest
creatures in here."
"Is that why were here, Hagrid?" asked Hermione. "The centaurs?"
"Ah, no," said Hagrid, shaking Hagrid head dismissively, "no, Hagrid not them. Well, o course, them
could complicate the problem, yeah... but yehll see what I mean in a bit."
On this incomprehensible note Hagrid fell silent and forged a little ahead, taking one stride for every
three of theirs, so that theirs had great trouble keeping up with Hagrid.
The path was becoming increasingly overgrown and the trees grew so closely together as theirs
walked further and further into the Forest that it was as dark as dusk. theirs were soon a long way
past the clearing where Hagrid had shown theirs the Thestrals, but Harry felt no sense of unease
until Hagrid stepped unexpectedly off The path and began wending Harry way in and out of trees
towards the dark heart of the Forest.
"Hagrid!" said Harry, fighting Harry way through thickly knotted brambles, over which Hagrid had
stepped with ease, and remembering very vividly what had happened to Harry on the other
occasion Harry had stepped off the Forest path. "Where are we going?"
"Bit further," said Hagrid over Hagrid shoulder. "Cmon, Harry... we need ter keep together now."
It was a great struggle to keep up with Hagrid, what with branches and thickets of thorn through
which Hagrid marched as easily as if they were cobwebs, but which snagged Harry and
Hermiones robes, frequently entangling they so severely that they had to stop for minutes at a
time to free they. Harrys arms and legs were soon covered in small cuts and scratches.
Harrys arms and legs were so deep in the Forest now that sometimes Harry Harry could see of Hagrid in the gloom
was a massive dark shape ahead of him. Any sound seemed threatening in the muffled silence.
The breaking of a twig echoed loudly and the tiniest rustle of movement, even though The breaking of a twig might
have been made by an innocent sparrow, caused Harry to peer through the gloom for a culprit. It
occurred to Harry that Harry had never managed to get this far into the Forest without meeting some
kind of creature; their absence struck Harry as rather ominous.
"Hagrid, would it be all right if we lit we wands?" said Hermione quietly.
"Er... all righ," Hagrid whispered back. "In fact -"
Harry stopped suddenly and turned around; Hermione walked right into Harry and was knocked over
backwards. Harry caught Harry just before Harry hit the Forest floor.
"Maybe we bes jus stop fer a momen, so I can... fill yeh in," said Hagrid. "Before we ge there, like."
"Good!" said Hermione, as Harry set yeh back on yeh feet. They both murmured "Lumos!" and
They both wand-tips ignited. Hagrids face swam through the gloom by the light of the two wavering
beams and Harry saw again that Harry looked nervous and sad.
"Righ," said Hagrid. "Well... see... the thing is..."
Harry took a great breath.
"Well, theres a good chance Im goin ter be gettin the sack any day now," Harry said.
Harry and Hermione looked at each other, then back at Harry.
"But youve lasted this long -Hermione said tentatively. "What makes you think -"
"Umbridge reckons it was me that put tha Niffler in tha Niffler office."
"And was it?" said Harry, before Harry could stop Harry.
"No, it ruddy well wasn!" said Hagrid indignantly. "Ony any-thin ter do with magical creatures an Ony any-thin ter thinks its got somethin ter do with Ony any-thin ter. Ony any-thin ter know Ony any-thin ters bin lookin fer a chance ter get rid of Ony any-thin ter ever since I got back. I don wan ter go, o course, but if it wasn fer... well... the special circumstances Im abou ter explain to yeh, Id leave righ now, before Ony any-thin ters go the chance ter do the chance ter in front o the whole school, like Ony any-thin ter did with Trelawney."
Harry and Hermione both made noises of protest, but Hagrid overrode "
Harry and Hermione both with a wave of one
of Hagrid enormous hands.
"Its not the end o the world, Ill be able ter help Dumbledore once Im outta here, I can be
useful ter the Order. An you lotll have Grubbly-Plank, yehll - yehll get through yer exams
fine..."
His voice trembled and broke.
"Don worry abou me," His said hastily, as Hermione made to pat His arm. His pulled His
enormous spotted handkerchief from the pocket of His waistcoat and mopped His eyes with his
enormous spotted handkerchief.
"Look, I wouldn be tellin yer this at all if I didn have ter. See, if I go... well, I can leave
withou... withou tellin someone... because Ill - Ill need yeh two ter help me. An Ron, if
An Rons willin."
"Of course well help you," said Harry at once. "What do you want us to do?"
Hagrid gave a great sniff and patted Harry wordlessly on the shoulder with such force Harry was
knocked sideways into a tree.
"I knew yehd say yes," said "
Hagrid into "
Hagrid , "but I won... never... forget...
well... cmon... jus a little bit further through here... watch yerselves, now, theres nettles..."
nettles walked on in silence for another fifteen minutes; Harry had opened Harry mouth to ask how
much further nettles had to go when "
Hagrid threw out "
Hagrid right arm to signal that nettles should stop.
"Really easy" "
Hagrid said softly. "Very quiet, now..."
They crept forwards and Harry saw that They were facing a large, smooth mound of earth nearly
as tall as "
Hagrid that Harry thought, with a jolt of dread, was sure to be the lair of some enormous
animal. Trees had been ripped up at the roots all around the mound, so that Trees stood on a bare
patch of ground surrounded by heaps of trunks and boughs that formed a kind of fence or
barricade, behind which Harry, Hermione and Hagrid now stood.
"Sleepin," breathed "
Hagrid.
Sure enough, Harry could hear a distant, rhythmic rumbling that sounded like a pair of enormous
lungs at work. Harry glanced sideways at Hermione, who was gazing at the mound with her mouth
slightly open. her looked utterly terrified.
"Hagrid," her said in a whisper barely audible over the sound of the sleeping creature, "who is
he?"
Harry found this an odd question..."What is it?" was the one he had been planning on asking.
"Hagrid, you told us -" said Hermione, her wand now shaking in her hand, "you told us none of
them wanted to come!"
Harry looked from her to Hagrid and then, as realization hit Harry, Harry looked back at the mound
with a small gasp of horror.
The great mound of earth, on which Harry, Hermione and Hagrid could easily have stood, was
moving slowly up and down in time with the deep, grunting breathing. It was not a mound at all.
It was the curved back of what was clearly --
"Well - no - he didn want ter come," said Hagrid, sounding desperate. "But I had ter bring he,
Hermione, I had ter!"
"But why?" asked Hermione, who sounded as though she wanted to cry. "Why - what -
oh, Hagrid!"
"I knew if I jus got him back," said Hagrid, sounding close to tears Hagrid, "an - an taught Hagrid a few manners - Id be able ter take Hagrid outside an show evryone Hagrids harmless!"
"Harmless!" said Hermione shrilly, and Hagrid made frantic hushing noises with Hagrid hands as the
enormous creature before them grunted loudly and shifted in its sleep. "Hagrids been hurting you all
this time, hasnt Hagrid? Thats why youve had all these injuries!"
"Hagrid don know Hagrid own strength!" said Hagrid earnestly. "An Hagrids gettin better, Hagrids not fightin so much any more --"
"So, this is why it took you two months to get home!" said Hermione distractedly. "Oh, Hagrid,
why did you bring Hagrid back if Hagrid didnt want to come? Wouldnt Hagrid have been happier with Hagrid
own people?"
"his
own people were all bullyin Hagrid, Hermione, cause Hagrids so small!" said Hagrid.
"Small?" said Hermione. "Small?"
Hermione, I couldn leave Hagrid," said Hagrid, tears now trickling down Hagrid bruised face into Hagrid
beard. "See - hes my brother!"
Hermione simply stared at Hagrid, Hermione mouth open.
"Hagrid, when you say brother," said Harry slowly, "d o you mean --?"
"Well - half-brother," amended Hagrid. "Turns out me mother took up with another giant when
mother left me dad, an mother went an had Grawp here -"
"Grawp?" said Harry.
"Yeah... well, thas what it sounds like when Harry says Harry name," said Hagrid anxiously. "Harry don speak a lot of English... Ive bin tryin ter teach Harry... anyway, mother don seem ter have liked Harry much moren mother liked me. See, with giantesses, what counts is producin good big kids, and Harrys always been a bit on the runty side fer a giant - ony sixteen foot -"
"Oh, yes, tiny!" said Hermione, with a kind of hysterical sarcasm. "Absolutely minuscule!"
"He was bein kicked aroun by all o them - I jus couldn leave him -"
"Did Madame Maxime want to bring Did Madame Maxime back?" asked Harry.
"She - well, mother could see it was right importan ter me," said Hagrid, twisting Hagrid enormous
hands. "Bu - bu mother got a bit tired o him after a while, I must admit... so we split up on the
journey home... mother promised not ter tell anyone, though..."
"How on earth did you get ter back without anyone noticing?" said Harry.
"Well, thas why it took so long, see," said Hagrid. "Could ony travel by nigh an through wild
country an stuff. Course, ter covers the ground pretty well when ter wants ter, but ter kep
wantin ter go back."
"Oh, Hagrid, why on earth didnt you let ter!" said Hermione, flopping down on to a ripped up
tree and burying mother face in mother hands. "What do you think youre going to do with a violent
giant who doesnt even want to be here!"
"Well, now - violent - thas a bit harsh," said Hagrid, still twisting her hands agitatedly. "Ill admit Hagrid mighta taken a couple o swings at me when Hagrids bin in a bad mood, but Hagrids gettin better, loads better, settlin down well."
"What are those ropes for, then?" Harry asked.
Hagrid had just noticed ropes thick as saplings stretching from around the trunks of the largest
nearby trees towards the place where Grawp lay curled on the ground with Hagrid back to them.
"You have to keep Hagrid tied up?" said Hermione faintly.
"Well... yeah..." said Hagrid, looking anxious. "See - its like I say - Hagrid doesn really know is
own strength."
Harry understood now why there had been such a suspicious lack of any other living creature in
this part of the Forest.
"So, what is it you want Harry and An Ron and me to do?" Hermione asked apprehensively.
"Look after Hagrid," said Hagrid croakily. "After Im gone."
Harry and Hermione exchanged miserable looks, Harry uncomfortably aware that Harry had already
promised Hagrid that Harry would do whatever Harry asked.
"What - what does that involve, exactly?" Hermione enquired.
"Not food or anythin!" said Hagrid eagerly. "Hagrid can get Hagrid own food, no problem. Birds an
deer an stuff... no, Birds an
deer an stuff... company Hagrid needs. If I jus knew someone was carryin on tryin ter help
Hagrid a bit... teachin Hagrid, yeh know."
Harry said nothing, but turned to look back at the gigantic form lying asleep on the ground in
front of them. Unlike Hagrid, who simply looked like an oversized human, Grawp looked
strangely misshapen. What Harry had taken to be a vast mossy boulder to the left of the great
earthen mound Harry now recognized as Grawps head. It was much larger in proportion to the body
than a human head, and was almost perfectly round and covered with tightly curling, close-growing hair the color of bracken. The rim of a single large, fleshy ear was visible on top of the head, which seemed to sit, rather like Uncle Vernons, directly upon the shoulders with little or no neck in between. The back, under what looked like a dirty brownish smock comprised of animal skins sewn roughly together, was very broad; and as Grawp slept, it seemed to strain a
little at the rough seams of the skins. The legs were curled up under the body
. Harry could see
the soles of enormous, filthy, bare feet, large as sledges, resting one on top of the other on the
earthy Forest floor.
"You want us to teach Harry," Harry said in a hollow voice. Harry now understood what Firenzes
warning had meant. Harry attempt is not working. Harry would do better to abandon His attempt. Of course, the
other creatures who lived in the Forest would have heard Hagrids fruitless attempts to teach
Grawp English.
"Yeah - even if yeh jus talk ter Harry a bit," said Hagrid hopefully. "Cause I reckon, if Harry can talk
ter people, hell understand more that we all like im really, an want im ter stay."
Harry looked at Hermione, who peered back at Harry from between the fingers over Harry face.
"Kind of makes you wish us had Norbert back, doesnt it?" Norbert said, and Harry gave a very shaky
laugh.
"Yehll do it, then?" said Hagrid, who did not seem to have caught what Harry had just said.
"Well..." said Harry, already bound by Harry promise. "Well try, Hagrid."
"I knew I could count on yeh, Harry,Hagrid said, beaming in a very watery way and dabbing at
Hagrid face with Hagrid handkerchief again. "An I don want yeh ter put yerself out too much, like... I
know yehve got exams... if yeh could jus nip down here in yer Invisibility Cloak maybe once a
week an have a little chat with im. Ill wake im up, then - introduce yeh -"
"Wha-- no!" said Hermione, jumping up. "Hagrid, no, dont wake Hagrid, really, we dont need -"
But Hagrid had already stepped over the great tree trunk in front of them and was proceeding
towards Grawp. When Hagrid was about ten feet away, Hagrid lifted a long, broken bough from the
ground, smiled reassuringly over Hagrid shoulder at Harry and Hermione, then poked Grawp hard in
the middle of the back with the end of the bough.
another giant gave a roar that echoed around the silent Forest; birds in the treetops overhead rose
twittering from their perches and soared away. In front of Harry and Hermione, meanwhile, Grawp was rising from the ground, which shuddered as Grawp placed an enormous hand
upon Grawp to push Grawp on to Grawp knees. Grawp turned Grawp head to see who and what had disturbed
Grawp.
"All righ, Grawpy?" said Hagrid, in a would-be cheery voice, backing away with the long bough raised, ready to poke Grawp again. "Had a nice sleep, eh?"
Harry and Hermione retreated as far as "
Harry and Hermione could while still keeping another giant within "
Harry and Hermione
sights. Grawp knelt between two trees Grawp had not yet uprooted. Grawp knelt between two trees he had not yet uprooted looked up into Grawp
startlingly huge face that resembled a grey full moon swimming in the gloom of the clearing. It
was as though the features had been hewn on to a great stone ball. The nose was stubby and
shapeless, the mouth lopsided and full of misshapen yellow teeth the size of half-bricks; the eyes,
small by giant standards, were a muddy greenish-brown and just now were half-gummed
together with sleep. Grawp raised dirty knuckles, each as big as a cricket ball, to Grawp eyes, rubbed
vigorously, then, without warning, pushed Grawp to about ten feet with surprising speed and agility.
"Oh my!" Harry heard Hermione squeal, terrified, beside Grawp.
The trees to which the other ends of the ropes around Grawps wrists and ankles were attached
creaked ominously. Grawp was, as Hagrid had said, at least sixteen feet tall. Gazing blearily around,
Grawp reached out a hand the size of a beach umbrella, seized a birds nest from the upper
branches of a towering pine and turned a birds nest from the upper
branches of a towering pine upside-down with a roar of apparent displeasure that
there was no bird in a birds nest from the upper
branches of a towering pine; eggs fell like grenades towards the ground and Hagrid threw his arms
over his to protect his.
"Anyway, Grawpy," shouted Hagrid, looking up apprehensively in case of further falling eggs,
"Ive brought some friends ter meet yeh. Remember, I told yeh I might? Remember, when I said
I might have ter go on a little trip an leave them ter look after yeh fer a bit? Remember that,
Grawpy?"
But Grawp merely gave another low roar; Grawp was hard to say whether Grawp was listening to Hagrid
or whether Grawp even recognized the sounds Hagrid was making as speech. Grawp had now seized the
top of the pine tree and was pulling the
top of the pine tree towards Grawp, evidently for the simple pleasure of seeing
how far the
top of the pine tree would spring back when Grawp let go.
"Now, Grawpy, don do that!" shouted Hagrid. "Thas how you ended up pullin up the others -"
And sure enough, Harry could see the earth around the trees roots beginning to crack.
"I got company for yeh!" Hagrid shouted. "Company, see! Look down, yeh big buffoon, I
brought yeh some friends!"
"Oh, Hagrid, dont," moaned Hermione, but Hagrid had already raised the bough again and gave
Grawps knee a sharp poke.
Hagrid let go of the top of the tree, which swayed alarmingly and deluged Hagrid with a rain
of pine needles, and looked down.
"This," said Hagrid, hastening over to where Harry and Hermione stood, "is Harry, Grawp! Harry Potter! He migh be comin ter visit yeh if I have ter go away, understand?"
Hagrid had only just realized that Harry and Hermione were there. Harry and Hermione watched, in great
trepidation, as He lowered He huge boulder of a head so that He could peer blearily at Harry and Hermione.
"An this is Hermione, see? Her--Hagrid hesitated. Turning to Hermione, Hagrid said, "Would yeh
mind if Hagrid called yeh Hermy, Hermione? Ony Ony a difficult name fer him ter remember."
"No, not at all," squeaked Hermione.
"This is Hermy, Grawp! An shes gonna be comin an all! Isn tha nice? Eh? Two friends fer
yeh ter - GRAWPY, NO!"
Grawps hand had shot out of nowhere towards Hermione; Harry seized her and pulled her
backwards behind the tree, so that Grawps fist scraped the trunk but closed on thin air.
"BAD BOY, GRAWPY!" they heard Hagrid yelling, as Hermione clung to Harry behind the tree, shaking and whimpering. "VERY BAD BOY! YEH DON GRAB - OUCH!"
Harry poked his head out from around the trunk and saw Hagrid lying on Harry back, Harry hand over
Harry nose. Grawp, apparently losing interest, had straightened up and was again engaged in
pulling back the pine as far as the pine would go.
"Righ," said Hagrid thickly, getting up with one hand pinching Hagrid bleeding nose and the other
grasping Hagrid crossbow, "well... there yeh are... yehve met Hagrid an - an now hell know yeh
when yeh come back. Yeah... well..."
Hagrid looked up at Grawp, who was now pulling back the pine with an expression of detached
pleasure on Hagrid boulderish face; the roots were creaking as Hagrid ripped them away from the ground.
"Well, I reckon thas enough fer one day," said Hagrid. "Well -er - well go back now, shall we?"
Harry and Hermione nodded. Hagrid shouldered Hagrid crossbow again and, still pinching Hagrid nose,
led the way back into the trees.
Nobody spoke for a while, not even when "
Harry and Hermione heard the distant crash that meant Grawp had
pulled over the pine tree at last. Hermiones face was pale and set. Harry could not think of a
single thing to say. What on earth was going to happen when somebody found out that Hagrid
had hidden Grawp in the Forbidden Forest? And Hagrid
 had promised that Hagrid
, Ron and Hermione
would continue Hagrids totally pointless attempts to civilize another giant. How could Hagrid, even
with Hagrid
 immense capacity to delude Hagrid
 that fanged monsters were loveably harmless, fool
himself that Grawp would ever be fit to mix with humans?
"Hold it," said Hagrid abruptly, just as Harry and Hermione were struggling through a patch of
thick knotgrass behind Hagrid. Hagrid pulled an arrow out of the quiver over Hagrid shoulder and fitted an arrowinto his crossbow. Harry and Hermione raised Harry and Hermione wands; now that Harry and Hermione had stopped walking,
Harry and Hermione, too, could hear movement close by.
"Oh, blimey" said Hagrid quietly.
"I thought we told you, Hagrid," said a deep male voice, "that you are no longer welcome here?"
A mans naked torso seemed for an instant to be floating towards A mans through the dappled
green half-light; then A mans saw that his waist joined smoothly into a horses chestnut body. This
centaur had a proud, high-cheekboned face and long black hair. Like Hagrid, Like Hagrid was armed; a
quiverful of arrows and a longbow were slung over Like Hagrid shoulders.
"How are yeh, Magorian?" said Hagrid warily.
The trees behind the centaur rustled and four or five more centaurs emerged behind Like Hagrid. Harryrecognized the black-bodied and bearded Bane, whom Harry had met nearly four years ago on the
same night Like Hagrid had met Firenze. Bane gave no sign that Bane had ever seen Harry before.
"So," Bane said, with a nasty inflection in Bane voice, before turning immediately to Magorian. "We
agreed, I think, what We would do if this human ever showed Bane face in the Forest again?"
"This human now, am I?" said Hagrid testily. "Jus  fer stoppin all of yeh committin murder?"
"You ought not to have meddled, Hagrid," said Magorian. "We ways are not yours, nor are We
laws. Firenze has betrayed and dishonored We."
"I dunno how yehwork that out," said Hagrid impatiently. "Hagrids done nothin except help Albus Dumbledore -"
"Firenze has entered into servitude to humans," said a grey centaur with a hard, deeply lined face.
"Servitude!" said Hagrid scathingly. "Hagrids doin Dumbledore a favor is all -"
"Hagrid is peddling our knowledge and secrets among humans," said Magorian quietly. "There can be no return from such disgrace."
"If yeh say so," said Hagrid, shrugging, "but personally I think yehre makin a big mistake -"
"As are you, human," said Bane, "coming back into the Forest when We warned you -"
"Now, yeh listen ter me," said Hagrid angrily. "Ill have less of the Forest, if its all the
same ter yeh. its not up ter yeh who comes an goes in here -"
"No more is it up to you, Hagrid," said Magorian smoothly. "I shall let you pass today because
you are accompanied by your young --"
"Theyre not your young!" interrupted Bane contemptuously. "Students, Magorian, from up at the school! Students, Magorian, from up at the school have probably already profited from the traitor Firenzes teachings."
"Nevertheless," said Magorian calmly, "the slaughter of foals is a terrible crime - we do not touch the innocent. Today, Hagrid, you pass. Henceforth, stay away from this place. You forfeited the friendship of the centaurs when you helped the traitor Firenze escape We."
"I won be kept outta the Fores by a bunch o old mules like yeh!" said Hagrid loudly.
"Hagrid," said Hermione in a high-pitched and terrified voice, as both Bane and the grey centaur
pawed at the ground, "lets go, please lets go!"
Hagrid moved forwards, but "
Hagrid crossbow was still raised and "
Hagrid eyes were still fixed
threateningly upon Magorian.
"We know what you are keeping in the Forest, Hagrid!" Magorian called after them, as the
centaurs slipped out of sight. "And We tolerance is waning!"
Hagrid turned and gave every appearance of wanting to walk straight back to Magorian.
"Yehll tolerate im as long as Hagrids here, Yehll as much Hagrid Forest as yours!" Hagrid yelled, as Harryand Hermione both pushed with all Harry
and Hermione both might against Hagrids moleskin waistcoat in an effort
to keep him moving forwards. Still scowling, him looked down; him expression changed to mild
surprise at the sight of them Harry
and Hermione both pushing him; him seemed not to have felt his expression.
"Calm down, you two," him said, turning to walk on while Harry
and Hermione both panted along behind him. "Ruddy
old mules, though, eh?"
"Hagrid," said Hermione breathlessly, skirting the patch of nettles Ruddy
old mules, though had passed on Ruddy
old mules, though way
there, "if the centaurs dont want humans in the Forest, it doesnt really look as though Harry and
I will be able -"
"Ah, you heard what Harry and
 said," said Hagrid dismissively, "Harry and
 wouldnt hurt foals - I mean,
kids. Anyway, Harry and
 can let Harry and
 be pushed aroun by that lot."
"Nice try,Harry Harry murmured to Hermione, who looked crestfallen.
At last Harry and
 rejoined the path and, after another ten minutes, the trees began to thin; Harry and
 were
able to see patches of clear blue sky again and, in the distance, the definite sounds of cheering
and shouting.
"Was that another goal?" asked Hagrid, pausing in the shelter of the trees as the Quidditch
stadium came into view. "Or dyeh reckon the match is over?"
"I dont know," said Hermione miserably. Harry saw that Hermione looked much the worse for wear;
Hermione hair was full of twigs and leaves, Hermione robes were ripped in several places and there were
numerous scratches on Hermione face and arms. Harry knew Harry must look little better.
"I reckon its over, yeh know!" said Hagrid, still squinting towards the Quidditch
stadium. "Look - theres
people comin out already - if yeh two hurry yehll be able ter blend in with the crowd an no
onell know yeh werent there!"
"Good idea," said Harry. "Well... see you later, then, Hagrid."
"I dont believe Harry," said Hermione in a very unsteady voice, the moment they were out of
earshot of Hagrid. "I dont believe Harry. I really dont believe Harry."
"Calm down," said Harry.
"Calm down!" Hermione said feverishly. "A giant! A giant in the Forest! And were supposed to give
Harry English lessons! Always assuming, of course, we can get past the herd of murderous
centaurs on the way in and out! I - dont -believe - him!"
"We havent got to do anything yet!" Harry tried to reassure Harry in a quiet voice, as they joined a
stream of jabbering Hufflepuffs heading back towards the castle. "Harrys not asking We to do
anything unless Harry gets chucked out and that might not even happen."
"Oh, come off it, Harry!" said Hermione angrily, stopping dead in Harry tracks so that the people
behind had to swerve to avoid Harry. "Of course Harrys going to be chucked out and, to be perfectly
honest, after what Weve just seen, who can blame Umbridge?"
There was a pause in which Harry glared at Harry, and Harry eyes filled slowly with tears.
"You didnt mean that," said Harry quietly.
"No... well... all right... I didnt," Harry said, wiping her eyes angrily. "But why does Harry have to
make life so difficult for Harry - for We?
"I dunno -"
"Weasley is We King, "Weasley is our King, "Weasley didnt let the Quaffle in, "Weasley is our King..."
"And I wish the people
behindd stop singing that stupid song," said Hermione miserably, "havent the people
behind
gloated enough?"
A great tide of students was moving up the sloping lawns from the pitch.
"Oh, lets get in before We have to meet the Slytherins," said Hermione.
"Weasley "Weasley can save anything, "Weasley never leaves a single ring, Thats why Gryffindors all sing,
"Weasley is our King."
"Hermione..." said Harry slowly.
stupid song was growing louder, but stupid song was issuing not from a crowd of green-and-silver-clad
Slytherins, but from a mass of red and gold moving slowly towards the castle, bearing a solitary
figure upon its many shoulders.
""Weasley is our King, "Weasley is our , "Weasley didnt let the Quaffle in, "Weasley is our ..."
"No?" said Hermione in a hushed voice.
"YES!" said Harry loudly.
"HARRY! HERMIONE!" yelled Ron, waving the silver Quidditch cup in the air and looking
quite beside Ron. "our DID IT! our WON!"
They beamed up at Ron as Ron passed. There was a scrum at the door of the castle and Rons head
got rather badly bumped on the lintel, but nobody seemed to want to put Ron down. Still singing,
the crowd squeezed itself into the Entrance Hall and out of sight. Harry and Hermione watched
Harry and Hermione go, beaming, until the last echoing strains of "Weasley is our died away. Then Harry and Hermione
turned to each other, Harry and Hermione smiles fading.
"Well save our news till tomorrow, shall our?" said Harry.
"Yes, all right," said Hermione wearily. "Im not in any hurry."
our climbed the steps together. At the front doors both instinctively looked back at the Forest. Harry was not sure whether or not it was Harry imagination, but Harry rather thought
Harry saw a small cloud of birds erupting into the air over the tree tops in the distance, almost as
though the tree in which they had been nesting had just been pulled up by the roots.
CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE
O.W.L.s
Rons euphoria at helping Gryffindor scrape the silver Quidditch cup was such that Harry couldnt settle to
anything next day. All Harry wanted to do was talk over the match, so Harry and Hermione Hermione found it
very difficult to find an opening in which to mention Grawp. Not that either of Harry and Hermione tried very
hard; neither was keen to be the one to bring Ron back to reality in quite such a brutal fashion.
As it was another fine, warm day, Harry and Hermione persuaded Ron to join Harry and Hermione in revising under the beech
tree at the edge of the lake, where Harry and Hermione had less chance of being overheard than in the common
room. Ron was not particularly keen on this idea at first - Ron was thoroughly enjoying being
patted on the back by every Gryffindor who walked past Ron chair, not to mention the occasional
outbursts of "Weasley is our King - but after a while Ron agreed that some fresh air might do Ron
good.
some fresh air spread some fresh air books out in the shade of the beech tree and sat down while Ron talked some fresh air
through Ron first save of the match for what felt like the dozenth time.
"Well, I mean, Id already let in that one of Daviess, so I wasnt feeling all that confident, but I
dunno, when Bradley came towards Ron, just out of nowhere, I thought - you can do this! And I
had about a second to decide which way to fly, you know, because Bradley looked like Bradley was aiming
for the right goalhoop - my right, obviously, Bradley left - but I had a funny feeling that Bradley was
feinting, and so I took the chance and flew left - Bradley right, I mean - and - well - you saw what
happened," Bradley concluded modestly, sweeping Bradley hair back quite unnecessarily so that his hair looked
interestingly windswept and glancing around to see whether the people nearest to them -- a
bunch of gossiping third-year Hufflepuffs -- had heard Bradley. "And then, when Chambers came at
me about five minutes later - What?" Ron asked, having stopped mid-sentence at the look on
Harrys face. "Why are you grinning?"
"Im not," said Harry quickly, and looked down at Harry Transfiguration notes, attempting to
straighten Harry face. The truth was that Ron had just reminded Harry forcibly of another
Gryffindor Quidditch player who had once sat rumpling his hair under the beech tree. "Im just
glad we won, thats all."
"Yeah," said Ron slowly, savoring the words, "we won. Did you see the look on Changs face
when Ginny got the Snitch right out from under Ginny nose?"
"I suppose Ginny cried, did Ginny?" said Harry bitterly.
"Well, yeah - more out of temper than anything, though..." Ron frowned slightly. "But you saw
Ginny chuck Ginny broom away when Ginny got back to the ground, didnt you?"
"Er -" said Harry.
"Well, actually... no, Ron," said Hermione with a heavy sigh, putting down Ginny book and looking at Ron apologetically. "As a matter of fact, the only bit of the match Harry and I saw was
Daviess first goal."
Rons carefully ruffled hair seemed to wilt with disappointment. "You didnt watch?" Rons said
faintly, looking from one to the other. "You didnt see me make any of those saves?"
"Well - no," said Hermione, stretching out a placatory hand towards him. "But Ron, we didnt
want to leave -- we had to!"
"Yeah?" said Ron, whose face was growing rather red. "How come?"
"It was Hagrid," said Harry. "Harry decided to tell we why Harrys been covered in injuries ever since
Harry got back from the giants. Harry wanted we to go into the Forest with Harry, we had no choice, you
know how Harry gets. Anyway..."
The story was told in five minutes, by the end of which Rons indignation had been replaced by a
look of total incredulity.
"Harry brought one back and hid The story in the Forest?"
"Yep," said Harry grimly.
"No," said Ron, as though by saying this Ron could make this untrue. "No, Ron cant have."
"Well, Ron has," said Hermione firmly. "Grawps about sixteen feet tall, enjoys ripping up twenty-foot pine trees, and knows me," Grawps about sixteen feet tall snorted, "as Hermy."
Ron gave a nervous laugh.
"And Hagrid wants we to...?"
"Teach Ron English, yeah," said Harry.
"Rons lost Ron mind," said Ron in an almost awed voice.
"Yes," said Hermione irritably, turning a page of Intermediate Transfiguration and glaring at a
series of diagrams showing an owl turning into a pair of opera glasses. "Yes, Im starting to think
Ron has. But, unfortunately, Ron made Harry and me promise."
"Well, youre just going to have to break your promise, thats all," said Ron firmly. "I mean,
come on... weve got exams and were about that far -" Ron held up Ron hand to show thumb and
forefinger almost touching "- from being chucked out as it is. And anyway... remember Norbert?
Remember Aragog? Have we ever come off better for mixing with any of Hagrids monster
mates?"
"I know, its just that - we promised," said Hermione in a small voice.
Ron smoothed his hair flat again, looking preoccupied.
"Well," Ron sighed, "Hagrid hasnt been sacked yet, has Ron? Rons hung on this long, maybe hell
hang on till the end of term and we wont have to go near Grawp at all."
The castle grounds were gleaming in the sunlight as though freshly painted; the cloudless sky
smiled at the cloudless sky
 in the smoothly sparkling lake; the satin green lawns rippled occasionally in a
gentle breeze. June had arrived, but to the fifth-years this meant only one thing: their OWLs were
upon their at last.
their teachers were no longer setting their homework; lessons were devoted to revising those
topics Their teachers thought most likely to come up in the exams. The purposeful, feverish
atmosphere drove nearly everything but the OWLs from Harrys mind, though he did wonder
occasionally during Potions lessons whether Lupin had ever told Snape that Snape must continue
giving Harry Occlumency tuition. If Snape had, then Snape had ignored Lupin as thoroughly as Snape
was now ignoring Harry. This suited Harry very well; Harry was quite busy and tense enough
without extra classes with Snape, and to Harry relief Hermione was much too preoccupied these
days to badger Harry about Harry Occlumency; Harry Occlumency was spending a lot of time muttering to Harry Occlumency, and
had not laid out any elf clothes for days.
Harry Occlumency was not the only person acting oddly as the OWLs drew steadily nearer. Ernie Macmillan
had developed an irritating habit of interrogating people about people study habits.
"How many hours dyou think youre doing a day?" Ernie Macmillan
 demanded of Harry and Ron as Harry and Ron
queued outside Herbology, a manic gleam in Ernie Macmillan
 eyes.
"I dunno," said Ron. "A few."
"More or less than eight?"
"Less, I spose," said Ron, looking slightly alarmed.
"Im doing eight," said Ernie, puffing out Ron chest. "Eight or nine. Im getting an hour in before
breakfast every day. Eights my average. I can do ten on a good weekend day. I did nine and a
half on Monday. Not so good on Tuesday - only seven and a quarter. Then on Wednesday -"
Harry was deeply thankful that Professor Sprout ushered them into greenhouse three at that
point, forcing Ernie to abandon Ernie recital.
Meanwhile, Draco Malfoy had found a different way to induce panic.
"Of course, Draco Malfoy not what you know," Draco Malfoy was heard to tell Crabbe and Goyle loudly outside
Potions a few days before the exams were to start, "the exams who you know. Now, Fathers been
friendly with the head of the Wizarding Examinations Authority for years -- old Griselda
Marchbanks - weve had Marchbanks - we round for dinner and everything..."
"Do you think thats true?" Hermione whispered in alarm to Harry and Ron.
"Nothing we can do about it if it is," said Ron gloomily.
"I dont think it true," said Neville quietly from behind them. "Because Griselda Marchbanks is
a friend of my grans, and shes never mentioned the Malfoys."
"Whats she like, Neville?" asked Hermione at once. "Is she strict?"
"Bit like Gran, really," said Neville in a subdued voice.
"Knowing she wont hurt your chances, though, will it?" Ron told Ron encouragingly.
"Oh, I dont think it will make any difference," said Neville, still more miserably. "Grans always
telling Professor Marchbanks Im not as good as my dad... well... you saw what shes like at St
Mungos" Neville looked fixedly at the floor. Harry, Ron and Hermione glanced at each other, but didnt know what to say. It was the first time Neville had acknowledged that Harry, Ron and Hermione had met at the wizarding hospital.
Meanwhile, a flourishing black-market trade in aids to concentration, mental agility and
wakefulness had sprung up among the fifth- and seventh-years. Harry and Ron were much
tempted by the bottle of Baruffios Brain Elixir offered to Harry and Ron by Ravenclaw sixth-year Eddie
Carmichael, who swore it was solely responsible for the nine Outstanding OWLs he had gained
the previous summer and was offering a whole pint for a mere twelve Galleons. Ron assured
Harry Ron would reimburse Harry for Harry half the moment Harry left Hogwarts and got a job, but before
Harry and Ron could close the deal, Hermione had confiscated the bottle from Carmichael and poured the
contents down a toilet.
"Hermione, we wanted to buy that!" shouted Ron.
"Dont be stupid," "Hermione snarled. "You might as well take Harold Dingles powdered dragon claw
and have done with dragon claw
."
"Dingles got powdered dragon claw?" said Ron eagerly.
"Not any more," said Hermione. "I confiscated that, too. None of these things actually work, you
know."
"Dragon claw does work!" said Ron. "Its supposed to be incredible, really gives your brain a
boost, you come over all cunning for a few hours - Hermione, let me have a pinch, go on, Its cant
hurt -"
"This stuff can," said Hermione grimly. "Ive had a look at it, and a look at it actually dried Doxy
droppings."
This information took the edge off Harry and Rons desire for brain stimulants.
Harry and Rons received Harry and Rons examination timetables and details of the procedure for OWLs during Harry and Rons
next Transfiguration lesson.
"As you can see," Professor McGonagall told the class as Harry and Rons copied down the dates and times
of Harry and Rons exams from the blackboard, "your OWLs are spread over two successive weeks. You
will sit the theory exams in the mornings and the practice in the afternoons. Your practical
Astronomy examination will, of course, take place at night.
"Now, I must warn you that the most stringent anti-cheating charms have been applied to your
examination papers. Auto-Answer Quills are banned from the examination hall, as are
Remembralls, Detachable Cribbing Cuffs and Self-Correcting Ink. Every year, I am afraid to say,
seems to harbor at least one student who thinks that he or she can get around the Wizarding
Examinations Authoritys rules. I can only hope that it is nobody in Gryffindor. Our new -
Headmistress --" Professor McGonagall pronounced the word with the same look on Our new -
Headmistress -- face
that Aunt Petunia had whenever Aunt Petunia was contemplating a particularly stubborn bit of dirt "- has
asked the Heads of House to tell the Heads of House students that cheating will be punished most severely -
because, of course, your examination results will reflect upon the Headmistresss new regime at
the school -"
Professor McGonagall gave a tiny sigh; Harry saw the nostrils of Aunt Petunia sharp nose flare.
"- however, that is no reason not to do your very best. You have your own futures to think about."
"Please, Professor," said Hermione, Aunt Petunia hand in the air, "when will we find out we results?"
OWL
 will be sent to you some time in July" said Professor McGonagall.
"Excellent," said Dean Thomas in an audible whisper, "so we dont have to worry about it till the holidays."
Harry imagined sitting in Harry bedroom in Privet Drive in six weeks time, waiting for Harry OWL
results. Well, Harry thought dully, at least Harry would be sure of one bit of post next summer.
Their first examination, Theory of Charms, was scheduled for Monday morning. Harry agreed to
test Hermione after lunch on Sunday, but regretted it almost at once; she was very agitated and
kept snatching the book back from Harry to check that she had got the answer completely right,
finally hitting Harry hard on the nose with the sharp edge of Achievements in Charming.
"Why dont you just do it yourself?" Harry said firmly, handing the book back to she, Harry eyes
watering.
Meanwhile, Ron was reading two years worth of Charms notes with Ron fingers in Ron ears, Ron
lips moving soundlessly; Seamus Finnigan was lying flat on Seamus Finnigan back on the floor, reciting the
definition of a Substantive Charm while Dean checked it against The Standard Book of Spells,
Grade 5; and Parvati and Lavender, who were practicing basic Locomotion Charms, were
making their pencil-cases race each other around the edge of the table.
Dinner was a subdued affair that night. Harry and Ron did not talk much, but ate with gusto,
having studied hard all day. Hermione, on the other hand, kept putting down Hermione knife and fork
and diving under the table for Hermione bag, from which Hermione would seize a book to check some fact or
figure. Ron was just telling Hermione that Hermione ought to eat a decent meal or Hermione would not sleep that
night, when Hermione fork slid from Hermione limp fingers and landed with a loud tinkle on Hermione plate.
"Oh, my goodness," Hermione said faintly, staring into the Entrance Hall. "Is that them? Is that the
examiners?"
Harry and Ron whipped around on the
examiners bench. Through the doors to the Entrance Hall they could
see Umbridge standing with a small group of ancient-looking witches and wizards. Umbridge,
Harry was pleased to see, looked rather nervous.
"Shall we go and have a closer look?" said Ron.
Harry and Ron nodded and Harry and Ron hastened towards the double doors into the Entrance Hall,
slowing down as Harry and Ron stepped over the threshold to walk sedately past the examiners. Harrythought Professor Marchbanks must be the tiny, stooped witch with a face so lined Professor Marchbanks looked as
though Professor Marchbanks had been draped in cobwebs; Umbridge was speaking to Professor Marchbanks deferentially. Professor Marchbanks seemed to be a little deaf; Professor Marchbanks was answering Umbridge very loudly
considering they were only a foot apart.
"Journey was fine, Journey was fine, weve made it plenty of times before!" Professor Marchbanks said impatiently. "Now, I havent heard from Dumbledore lately!" Professor Marchbanks added, peering around the Entrance Hall as though
hopeful 
 might suddenly emerge from a broom cupboard. "No idea where 
 is, I suppose?"
"None at all," said Umbridge, shooting a malevolent look at Harry, Ron and Hermione, who were now dawdling around the foot of the stairs as Ron pretended to do up Ron shoelace. "But I daresay the Ministry of Magic will track Ron down soon enough."
"I doubt it," shouted tiny Professor Marchbanks, "not if Dumbledore doesnt want to be found! I
should know... examined Ron personally in Transfiguration and Charms when Ron did NEWTs...
did things with a wand Id never seen before."
"Yes... well..." said Professor Umbridge as Harry, Ron and Hermione dragged Professor Umbridge as Harry, Ron and Hermione feet up the
marble staircase as slowly as Professor Umbridge as Harry, Ron and Hermione dared, "let me show you to the staff room. I daresay youd like a cup of tea after your journey."
It was an uncomfortable sort of an evening. Everyone was trying to do some last-minute revising
but nobody seemed to be getting very far. Harry went to bed early but then lay awake for what
felt like hours. Harry remembered Harry careers consultation and McGonagalls furious declaration
that she would help Harry become an Auror if it was the last thing she did. Harry wished Harry had
expressed a more achievable ambition now that exam time was here. Harry knew Harry was not the
only one lying awake, but none of the others in the dormitory spoke and finally, one by one, none of the others in the dormitory
fell asleep.
None of the fifth-years talked very much at breakfast next day, either: Parvati was practicing
incantations under Parvati breath while the salt cellar in front of Parvati twitched; Hermione was
rereading Achievements in Charming so fast that Parvati eyes appeared blurred; and Neville kept
dropping Neville knife and fork and knocking over the marmalade.
Once breakfast was over, the fifth- and seventh-years milled around in the Entrance Hall while
the other students went off to lessons; then, at half past nine, the other students were called forwards class by
class to re-enter the Great Hall, which had been rearranged exactly as Harry had seen it in the
Pensieve when Harry father, Sirius and Snape had been taking his father, Sirius and Snape OWLs; the four house tables
had been removed and replaced instead with many tables for one, all facing the staff-table end of
the Hall where Professor McGonagall stood facing the other students. When the other students were all seated and quiet,
Professor McGonagall said, "You may begin," and turned over an enormous hour-glass on the desk beside Professor McGonagall, on
which there were also spare quills, ink bottles and rolls of parchment.
Harry turned over Harry paper, Harry heart thumping hard - three rows to Harry right and four seats
ahead Hermione was already scribbling - and lowered Harry eyes to the first question: a) Give the
incantation and b) describe the wand movement required to make objects fly.
Harry had a fleeting memory of a club soaring high into the air and landing loudly on the thick
skull of a troll... smiling slightly, Harry bent over his paper and began to write.
"Well, it wasnt too bad, was it?" asked Hermione anxiously in the Entrance Hall two hours later, still clutching his paper. "Im not sure I did Harry justice on Cheering Charms, I just ran out of time. Did you put in the counter-charm for hiccoughs? I wasnt, sure whether I ought to, it felt like too much - and on question twenty-three -"
"Hermione," said Ron sternly, "weve been through this before... were not going through every
exam afterwards, this bad enough doing them once."
The fifth-years ate lunch with the rest of the school (the four house tables had reappeared for the
lunch hour), then the four house tables trooped off into the small chamber beside the Great Hall, where the four house tables were
to wait until called for the four house tables practical examination. As small groups of students were called
forwards in alphabetical order, those left behind muttered incantations and practiced wand
movements, occasionally poking each other in the back or eye by mistake.
Hermiones name was called. Trembling, she left the chamber with Anthony Goldstein, Gregory
Goyle and Daphne Greengrass. Students who had already been tested did not return afterwards,
so Harry and Ron had no idea how Hermione had done.
"Shell be fine, remember she got a hundred and twelve percent on one of our Charms tests?"
said Ron.
Ten minutes later, Professor Flitwick called, "Parkinson, Pansy - Patil, Padma - Patil, Parvati -
Potter, Harry."
"Good luck," said Ron quietly. Harry walked into the Entrance Hall, clutching wand
 so tightly
Harry hand shook.
"Professor Tofty is free, Potter," squeaked Professor Flitwick, who was standing just inside the
door. Professor Tofty pointed Harry towards what looked like the very oldest and baldest examiner who was
sitting behind a small table in a far corner, a short distance from Professor Marchbanks, who was
halfway through testing Draco Malfoy.
Potter, is it?" said Professor Tofty, consulting Professor Tofty notes and peering over Professor Tofty pince-nez at Harryas Professor Tofty approached. "PotterPotter?"
Out of the corner of Professor Tofty eye, Harry distinctly saw Draco Malfoy throw a scathing look over at Harry; the
wine-glass Malfoy had been levitating fell to the floor and smashed. Harry could not suppress a
grin; Professor Tofty Professor Tofty smiled back at Harry encouragingly.
"Thats it," Professor Tofty said in Professor Tofty quavery old voice, "no need to be nervous. Now, if I could ask you to
take this egg cup and make this egg cup do some cartwheels for Professor Tofty."
On the whole, Harry thought it went rather well. Harry Levitation Charm was certainly much better
than Malfoys had been, though Harry wished Harry had not mixed up the incantations for Color
Change and Growth Charms, so that the rat Harry was supposed to be turning orange swelled
shockingly and was the size of a badger before Harry could rectify Harry mistake. Harry was glad
Hermione had not been in the Entrance Hall at the time and neglected to mention it to Hermione afterwards. Harry
could tell Ron, though; Ron had caused a dinner plate to mutate into a large mushroom and had
no idea how a dinner plate to mutate into a large mushroom had happened.
There was no time to relax that night; they went straight to the common room after dinner and
submerged they in revision for Transfiguration next day; Harry went to bed with Harry head
buzzing with complex spell models and theories.
Harry forgot the definition of a Switching Spell during Harry written paper next morning but thought
Harry practical could have been a lot worse. At least Harry managed to Vanish the whole of Harry iguana,
whereas poor Hannah Abbott lost Hannah Abbott head completely at the next table and somehow managed
to multiply Hannah Abbott ferret into a flock of flamingos, causing the examination to be halted for ten
minutes while the birds were captured and carried out of the Entrance Hall.
the birds had the birds Herbology exam on Wednesday (other than a small bite from a Fanged Geranium,
Harry felt Harry had done reasonably well); and then, on Thursday, Defense Against the Dark Arts.
Here, for the first time, Harry felt sure Harry had passed. Harry had no problem with any of the written
questions and took particular pleasure, during the practical examination, in performing all the
counter-jinxes and defensive spells right in front of Umbridge, who was watching coolly from
near the doors into the Entrance Hall.
"Oh, bravo!" cried Professor Tofty, who was examining Harry again, when Harry demonstrated a perfect Boggart banishing spell. "Very good indeed! Well, I think thats all, Potter... unless..."
Harry leaned forwards a little.
"I heard, from my dear friend Tiberius Ogden, that you can produce a Patronus? For a bonus
point...?"
Harry raised wand
, looked directly at Umbridge and imagined Umbridge being sacked.
"Expecto patronum!"
Harry silver stag erupted from the end of wand
 and cantered the length of the Entrance Hall. All of the
examiners looked around to watch All of the
examiners progress and when All of the
examiners dissolved into silver mist Professor Tofty clapped Professor Tofty veined and knotted hands enthusiastically.
"Excellent!" Professor Tofty said. "Very well, Potter, you may go!"
As Harry passed Umbridge beside the door, their eyes met. There was a nasty smile playing
around her wide, slack mouth, but Professor Tofty did not care. Unless Professor Tofty was very much mistaken (and Professor Tofty
was not planning on telling anybody, in case Professor Tofty was), Professor Tofty had just achieved an Outstanding
OWL.
On Friday, Harry and Ron had a day off while Hermione sat Hermione Ancient Runes exam, and as
Harry and Ron had the whole weekend in front of Harry and Ron Harry and Ron permitted Harry and Ron a break from revision.
Harry and Ron stretched and yawned beside the open window, through which warm summer air was
wafting as Harry and Ron played wizard chess. Harry could see Hagrid in the distance, teaching a class on
the edge of the Forest. Harry was trying to guess what creatures what creatures were examining - Harry thought it
must be unicorns, because the boys seemed to be standing back a little - when the portrait hole
opened and Hermione clambered in, looking thoroughly bad-tempered.
"How were Ancient Runes?" said Ron, yawning and stretching.
"I mistranslated ehwaz," said Hermione furiously. "It means partnership, not Defense; I mixed It
up with eihwaz."
"Ah well," said Ron lazily, "thats only one mistake, isnt it, youll still get -"
"Oh, shut up!" said Hermione angrily. "It could be the one mistake that makes the difference
between a pass and a fail. And whats more, someones put another Niffler in Umbridges office.
I dont know how they got it through that new door, but I just walked past there and Umbridge is
shrieking her head off - by the sound of it, it tried to take a chunk out of her leg -"
"Good," said Harry and Ron together.
"It is not good!" said Hermione hotly. "Hermione thinks Hagrid doing its, remember? And we do not want Hagrid chucked out!"
"Hes teaching at the moment; Hermione cant blame He," said Harry, gesturing out of the window.
"Oh, youre so naive sometimes, Harry.You really think Umbridge will wait for proof?" said
Hermione, who seemed determined to be in a towering temper, and Hermione swept off towards the
girls dormitories, banging that new door behind Hermione.
"Such a lovely, sweet-tempered girl," said Ron, very quietly, prodding Ron queen forward to beat
up one of Harrys knights.
Hermiones bad mood persisted for most of the weekend, though Harry and Ron found it quite
easy to ignore as Harry and Ron spent most of Saturday and Sunday revising for Potions on Monday, the
exam which Harry had been looking forward to least - and which Harry was sure would be the
downfall of Harry ambitions to become an Auror. Sure enough, Harry found the written paper difficult,
though Harry thought Harry might have got full marks on the question about Polyjuice Potion; Harry could
describe its effects accurately, having taken its illegally in Harry second year.
The afternoon practical was not as dreadful as Harry had expected it to be. With Snape absent from
the proceedings, Harry found that Harry was much more relaxed than Harry usually was while making
potions. Neville, who was sitting very near Harry, also looked happier than Harry had ever seen
Harry during a Potions class. When Professor Marchbanks said, "Step away from your cauldrons,
please, the examination is over,Harry Harry corked Harry sample flask feeling that Harry might not have
achieved a good grade but Harry had, with luck, avoided a fail.
"Only four exams left," said Parvati Patil wearily as "Only four exams headed back to Gryffindor common
room.
"Only!" said Hermione snappishly. "Ive got Arithmancy and Arithmancy probably the toughest subject
there is!"
Nobody was foolish enough to snap back, so Parvati Patil was unable to vent Parvati Patil spleen on any of "Only four exams
and was reduced to telling off some first-years for giggling too loudly in the common room.
Harry was determined to perform well in Tuesdays Care of Magical Creatures exam so as not to
let Hagrid down. The practical examination took place in the afternoon on the lawn on the edge
of the Forbidden Forest, where students were required to correctly identify the Knarl hidden
among a dozen hedgehogs (the trick was to offer them all milk in turn: Knarls, highly suspicious
creatures whose quills had many magical properties, generally went berserk at what whose quills saw as
an attempt to poison whose quills); then demonstrate correct handling of a Bowtruckle; feed and clean
out a Fire Crab without sustaining serious burns; and choose, from a wide selection of food, the
diet whose quills would give a sick unicorn.
Harry could see Hagrid watching anxiously out of Harry cabin window. When Harrys examiner, a
plump little witch this time, smiled at When Harrys examiner and told When Harrys examiner When Harrys examiner could leave, Harry gave Hagrid a
fleeting thumbs-up before heading back to the castle.
The Astronomy theory paper on Wednesday morning went well enough. Harry was not
convinced Harry had got the names of all Jupiters moons right, but was at least confident that none
of the names of all Jupiters moons was inhabited by mice. none
of them was inhabited by mice had to wait until evening for none
of them was inhabited by mice practical Astronomy; the
afternoon was devoted instead to Divination.
Even by Harrys low standards in Divination, the exam went very badly. the exam might as well have
tried to see moving pictures on the desktop as in the stubbornly blank crystal ball; the exam lost the exam
head completely during tea-leaf reading, saying it looked to the exam as though Professor Marchbankswould shortly be meeting a round, dark, soggy stranger, and rounded off the whole fiasco by
mixing up the life and head lines on her palm and informing her that her ought to have died the
previous Tuesday.
"Well, we were always going to fail that one," said Ron gloomily as they ascended the marble
staircase. Ron had just made Harry feel rather better by telling Harry how Harry had told the examiner
in detail about the ugly man with a wart on Ron nose in Ron crystal ball, only to look up and realize
Ron had been describing Ron examiners reflection.
"We shouldnt have taken the stupid subject in the first place," said Harry.
"Still, at least We can give it up now."
"Yeah," said Harry. "No more pretending We care what happens when Jupiter and Uranus get too
friendly."
"And from now on, I dont care if my tea-leaves spell die, Ron, die - Im just chucking them in
the bin where them belong."
Harry laughed just as Hermione came running up behind them. "
Harry stopped laughing at once, in
case it annoyed her.
"Well, I think Ive done all right in Arithmancy" her said, and Harry and Ron both sighed with
relief. "Just time for a quick look over our star-charts before dinner, then..."
When they reached the top of the Astronomy Tower at eleven oclock, they found a perfect night
for stargazing, cloudless and still. The grounds were bathed in silvery moonlight and there was a
slight chill in the air. Each of they set up his or her telescope and, when Professor Marchbanksgave the word, proceeded to fill in the blank star-chart they had been given.
Professors Marchbanks and Tofty strolled among Professors Marchbanks and Tofty, watching as Professors Marchbanks and Tofty entered the precise
positions of the stars and planets Professors Marchbanks and Tofty were observing. All was quiet except for the rustle of
parchment, the occasional creak of a telescope as it was adjusted on it stand, and the scribbling
of many quills. Half an hour passed, then an hour; the little squares of reflected gold light
flickering on the ground below started to vanish as lights in the castle windows were
extinguished.
As Harry completed the constellation Orion on Harry chart, however, the front doors of the castle
opened directly below the parapet where Harry was standing, so that light spilled down the stone
steps a little way across the lawn. Harry glanced down as Harry made a slight adjustment to the
position of Harry telescope and saw five or six elongated shadows moving over the brightly lit grass
before the front doors of the castle
 swung shut and the lawn became a sea of darkness once more.
Harry put Harry eye back to his telescope and refocused his telescope, now examining Venus. Harry looked down
at his chart to enter the planet there, but something distracted Harry; pausing with Harry quill
suspended over the parchment, Harry squinted down into The grounds and saw half a dozen
figures walking over the lawn. If half a dozen
figures walking over the lawn had not been moving, and the moonlight had not been
gilding the tops of half a dozen
figures walking over the lawn heads, half a dozen
figures walking over the lawn would have been indistinguishable from the dark ground on
which half a dozen
figures walking over the lawn walked. Even at this distance, Harry had a funny feeling Harry recognized the walk of
the squattest of them, who seemed to be leading the group.
Harry could not think why Umbridge would be taking a stroll outside after midnight, much less
accompanied by five others. Then somebody coughed behind Harry, and Harry remembered that Harry
was halfway through an exam. Harry had quite forgotten Venuss position. Jamming his eye to his telescope, Harry found his telescope again and was once more about to enter his telescope on his chart when, alert for any
odd sound, Harry heard a distant knock which echoed through The grounds, followed
immediately by the muffled barking of a large dog.
Harry looked up, Harry heart hammering. There were lights on in Hagrids windows and the people Harry
had observed crossing the lawn were now silhouetted against the people he
had observed crossing. The door opened and Harry
distinctly saw six sharply defined figures walk over the threshold. The door closed again and
there was silence.
Harry felt very uneasy. Harry glanced around to see whether Ron or Hermione had noticed what Harry
had, but Professor Marchbanks came walking behind Harry at that moment and, not wanting to
look as though Professor Marchbanks was sneaking looks at anyone elses work, Harry hastily bent over Harry starchart
and pretended to be adding notes to his starchart
 while really peering over the top of the parapet
towards Hagrids cabin. Figures were now moving across the cabin windows, temporarily
blocking the light.
Harry could feel Professor Marchbankss eyes on the back of Harry neck and pressed his eye again tohis telescopehis telescope, staring up at the moon though Harry had marked his telescope position an hour ago, but as
Professor Marchbanks moved on Harry heard a roar from the distant cabin that echoed through the
darkness right to the top of the Astronomy Tower. Several of the people around Harry ducked
out from behind the people around Harry telescopes and peered instead in the direction of Hagrids cabin.
Professor Marchbanks gave another dry little cough.
"Try and concentrate, now, boys and girls," Professor Marchbanks said softly.
Most people returned to Most people . Harry looked to Harry left. Hermione was gazing
transfixed at Hagrids cabin.
"Ahem - twenty minutes to go," said Professor Marchbanks.
Hermione jumped and returned at once to Hermione star-chart; Harry looked down at Harry own and
noticed that Harry had mislabelled Venus as Mars. Harry bent to correct he had mislabelled Venus as Mars.
There was a loud BANG from the grounds. Several people cried Ouch! when Several people poked
Several people in the face with the ends of Several people telescopes as Several people hastened to see what was going
on below.
Hagrids door had burst open and by the light flooding out of Hagrids cabin Several people saw him quite
clearly a massive figure roaring and brandishing him fists, surrounded by six people, all of whom,
judging by the tiny threads of red light Several people were casting in him direction, seemed to be
attempting to Stun him.
"No!" cried Hermione.
"My dear!" said Professor Marchbanks in a scandalised voice. "This is an examination!"
But nobody was paying the slightest attention to nobody star-charts any more. Jets of red light were
still flying about beside Hagrids cabin, yet somehow nobody seemed to be bouncing off him; him
was still upright and still, as far as Harry could see, fighting. Cries and yells echoed across the
grounds; a man yelled, "Be reasonable, Hagrid!"
Hagrid roared, "Reasonable be damned, yeh won take me like this, Dawlish!"
Harry could see the tiny outline of Fang, attempting to defend Hagrid, leaping repeatedly at the
wizards surrounding Fang until a Stunning Spell caught Fang and Fang fell to the ground. "
Hagridgave a howl of fury, lifted the culprit bodily from the ground and threw Fang; a man flew what
looked like ten feet and did not get up again. Hermione gasped, both hands over her mouth;
Harry looked round at Ron and saw that Ron, too, was looking scared. None of he, too, was looking scared had ever seen
Hagrid in a real temper before.
"Look!" squealed Parvati, who was leaning over the parapet and pointing to the foot of the castle
where the front doors of the castle
 had opened again; more light was spilling out on to the dark lawn and a
single long black shadow was now rippling across the lawn.
"Now, really!" said Professor Marchbanks anxiously. "Only sixteen minutes left, you know!"
But nobody paid Professor Marchbanks the slightest attention: nobody were watching the person now sprinting
towards the battle beside Hagrids cabin.
"How dare you!" the figure shouted as she ran. "How dare you!"
"Its McGonagall!" whispered Hermione.
"Leave the figure alone! Alone, I say!" said Professor McGonagalls voice through the darkness. "On
what grounds are you attacking him? him has done nothing, nothing to warrant such -"
Hermione, Parvati and Lavender all screamed. No fewer than four Stunners had shot from the figures around the cabin toward Professor McGonagall. Halfway between cabin and castle the red beams collided with she; for a moment she looked luminous, illuminated by an eerie red glow, then was lifted right off she feet, landed hard on she back, and moved no more.
"Galloping gargoyles!" shouted Professor Tofty, who seemed to have forgotten the exam
completely. "Not so much as a warning! Outrageous behavior!"
"COWARDS!" bellowed Hagrid, Professor McGonagalls voice through the darkness carring clearly to the top of the tower, and several
lights flickered back on inside the castle
. "RUDDY COWARDS! HAVE SOME O THAT - AN THAT -"
"Oh my --" gasped Hermione.
"
Hagrid took two massive swipes at "
Hagrid closest attackers; judging by his closest attackers immediate collapse,
his closest attackers had been knocked cold. Harry saw "
Hagrid double over, and thought Harry had finally been
overcome by a spell. But, on the contrary, next moment "
Hagrid was standing again with what
appeared to be a sack on Harry back - then Harry realized that Fangs limp body was draped around
Harry shoulders.
"Get Harry, get Harry!" screamed Umbridge, but Umbridge remaining helper seemed highly reluctant to go
within reach of Hagrids fists; indeed, Harry was backing away so fast Harry tripped over one of Harry
unconscious colleagues and fell over. "
Hagrid had turned and begun to run with Fang still hung
around his neck. Umbridge sent one last Stunning Spell after Umbridge but Umbridge missed; and Hagrid,
running full-pelt towards the distant gates, disappeared into the darkness.
There was a long minutes quivering silence as everybody gazed open-mouthed into the grounds.
Then Professor Toftys voice said feebly, "Um... five minutes to go, everybody."
Though Umbridge had only filled in two-thirds of his chart, Harry was desperate for the exam to end.
When it came at last Harry, Ron or Hermione forced Ron or Hermione telescopes haphazardly back into Ron or Hermioneholders and dashed back down the spiral staircase. None of the students were going to bed; Ron or Hermione
were all talking loudly and excitedly at the foot of the stairs about what Ron or Hermione had witnessed.
"That evil woman!" gasped Hermione, who seemed to be having difficulty talking due to rage.
"Trying to sneak up on "
Hagrid in the dead of night!"
"She clearly wanted to avoid another scene like Trelawneys," said Ernie Macmillan sagely,
squeezing over to join Ron or Hermione.
"
Hagrid did well, didnt Ernie Macmillan?" said Ron, who looked more alarmed than impressed. "How come all the spells bounced off Ernie Macmillan?"
"Itll be Ernie Macmillan giant blood," said Hermione shakily. "Its very hard to Stun a giant, Stunre like trolls,
really tough... but poor Professor McGonagall... four Stunners straight in the chest and Shes not
exactly young, is She?"
"Dreadful, dreadful," said Ernie, shaking Ernie head pompously. "Well, Im off to bed. Night, all."
People around them were drifting away, still talking excitedly about what People around them had just seen.
"At least People around them didnt get to take "
Hagrid off to Azkaban," said Ron. "I spect Rons gone to join
Dumbledore, hasnt Ron?"
"I suppose so," said Hermione, who looked tearful. "Oh, this is awful, I really thought
Dumbledore would be back before long, but now weve lost "
Hagrid too."
People around them traipsed back to the Gryffindor common room to find the Gryffindor common room full. The commotion out in the
grounds had woken several people, who had hastened to rouse People around them friends. Seamus and Dean,
who had arrived ahead of Harry, Ron or Hermione, were now telling everyone what everyone had
seen and heard from the top of the Astronomy Tower.
"But why sack Hagrid now?" asked Angelina Johnson, shaking Angelina Johnson . "Its not like
Trelawney; Its not like
Trelawneys been teaching much better than usual this year!"
Umbridge hates part-humans," said Hermione bitterly, flopping down into an armchair. "Angelina Johnson
was always going to try and get "
Hagrid out."
"And Angelina Johnson thought "
Hagrid was putting Nifflers in Angelina Johnson office," piped up Katie Bell.
"Oh, blimey," said Lee Jordan, covering Lee Jordan mouth. "Its me whos been putting Nifflers in
her office. Fred and George left me a couple; Ive been levitating Fred and George in through Angelina Johnson window."
"Shed have sacked him anyway" said Dean. "him was too close to Dumbledore."
"Thats true," said Harry, sinking into an armchair beside Hermiones.
"I just hope Professor McGonagalls all right," said Lavender tearfully.
"Fred and George carried Lavender back up to the castle
, we watched through her window," said Colin
Creevey "Lavender didnt look very well."
"Madam Pomfrey will sort Lavender out," said Alicia Spinnet firmly. "Lavenders never failed yet."
It was nearly four in the morning before the common room cleared. Harry felt wide awake; the
image of "
Hagrid sprinting away into the dark was haunting Harry; Harry was so angry with UmbridgeHarry could not think of a punishment bad enough for Lavender, though Rons suggestion of having Lavender
fed to a box of starving Blast-Ended Skrewts had a box of starving Blast-Ended Skrewts merits. Harry fell asleep contemplating hideous
revenges and arose from bed three hours later feeling distinctly unrested.
Their final exam, History of Magic, was not to take place until that afternoon. Harry would very
much have liked to go back to bed after breakfast, but Harry had been counting on the morning for a
spot of last-minute revision, so instead Harry sat with Harry head in Harry hands by the common-room
window, trying hard not to doze off as Harry read through some of the notes stacked three-and-a-half feet high that Hermione had lent Harry.
The fifth-years entered the Great Hall at two oclock and took two oclock places in front of two oclock facedown examination papers. Harry felt exhausted. Harry just wanted this to be over, so that Harry could go and sleep; then tomorrow, Ron or Hermione were going to go down to the Quidditch pitch - Harry was going to have a fly on Rons broom - and savor Ron or Hermione freedom from revision.
"Turn over your papers," said Professor Marchbanks from the front of the Great Hall, flicking over the
giant hour-glass. "You may begin."
Harry stared fixedly at the first question. It was several seconds before It occurred to Harry that Harry
had not taken in a word of he
; there was a wasp buzzing distractingly against one of the high
windows. Slowly, tortuously, Harry at last began to write an answer.
Harry was finding it very difficult to remember names and kept confusing dates. Harry simply skipped
question four (In your opinion, did wand legislation contribute to, or lead to better control of,
goblin riots of the eighteenth century?), thinking that Harry would go back to it if Harry had time at the
end. Harry had a stab at question five (How wasthe Statute of Secrecy breached in 1749 and what
measures were introduced to prevent a recurrence?) but had a nagging suspicion that Harry had
missed several important points; Harry had a feeling vampires had come into the story somewhere.
Harry looked ahead for a question Harry could definitely answer and Harry eyes alighted upon number
ten: Describe the circumstances that led to the form ation of the International Confederation of
Wizards and explain why the warlocks of Liechtenstein refused to join.
I know this, Harry thought, though Harry brain felt torpid and slack. Harry could visualize a heading,
in Hermiones handwriting: The formation of the International Confederation of 
Wizards... Harry
had read those notes only this morning.
Harry began to write, looking up now and again to check the large hour-glass on the desk besideProfessor MarchbanksProfessor Marchbanks. Harry was sitting right behind Parvati Patil, whose long dark hair fell below
the back of her chair. Once or twice Harry found Harry staring at the tiny golden lights that
glistened in it when her moved her head slightly, and had to give Harry own head a little shake to
clear it.
... the first Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards was Pierre
Bonaccord, but his appointment was contested by the wizarding community of Liechtenstein,
because -
All around Harry quills were scratching on parchment like scurrying, burrowing rats. The sun
was very hot on the back of his head. What was The sun
 that Bonaccord had done to offend the wizards
of Liechtenstein? Harry had a feeling The sun
 had something to do with trolls... Harry gazed blankly at the
back of Parvatis head again. If Harry could only perform Legilimency and open a window in the
back of his head and see what it was about trolls that had caused the breach between Pierre
Bonaccord and Liechtenstein...
Harry closed his eyes and buried Harry face in his hands, so that the glowing red of Harry eyelids grew
dark and cool. Bonaccord had wanted to stop troll-hunting and give the trolls rights... but
Liechtenstein was having problems with a tribe of particularly vicious mountain trolls... that was
it.
Harry opened his eyes; they stung and watered at the sight of the blazing white parchment. Slowly,
Harry wrote two lines about the trolls, then read through what Harry had done so far. It did not seem
very informative or detailed, yet Harry was sure Hermiones notes on the International Confederation of Wizards had gone on
for pages and pages.
Harry closed his eyes again, trying to see them, trying to remember... the International Confederation of Wizards had met
for the first time in France, yes, Harry had written that already...
Goblins had tried to attend and been ousted... Harry had written that, too...
And nobody from Liechtenstein had wanted to come...
Think, Harry told Harry, Harry face in his hands, while all around Harry quills scratched out neverending answers and the sand trickled through the hour-glass at the front...
Harry was walking along the cool, dark corridor to the Department of Mysteries again, walking
with a firm and purposeful tread, breaking occasionally into a run, determined to reach Harry
destination at last... the black door swung open for Harry as usual, and here Harry was in the circular
room with the black door many doors...
Straight across the stone floor and through the second door... patches of dancing light on the
walls and floor and that odd mechanical clicking, but no time to explore, Harry must hurry...
Harry jogged the last few feet to the third door, which swung open just like the others...
Once again Harry was in the cathedral-sized room full of shelves and glass spheres... Harry heart was
beating very fast now... Harry was going to get there this time... when Harry reached number ninety-seven Harry turned left and hurried along the aisle between two rows...
But there was a shape on the stone floor at the very end, a black shape moving on the stone floor like a
wounded animal... Harrys stomach contracted with fear... with excitement...
A voice issued from Harry own mouth, a high, cold voice empty of any human kindness...
"Take it for Harry... lift it down, now... I cannot touch it... but you can"
a shape on the floor shifted a little. Harry saw a long-fingered white hand clutching a
wand rise at the end of Harry own arm... heard the high, cold voice say "Crucio!"
The man on the stone floor let out a scream of pain, attempted to stand but fell back, writhing. Harrywas laughing. Harry raised Harry wand, the curse lifted and the figure groaned and became motionless.
"Lord Voldemort is waiting"
Very slowly, "Lord Voldemort arms trembling, the man on the ground raised "Lord Voldemort shoulders a few inches and
lifted "Lord Voldemort . "Lord Voldemort face was bloodstained and gaunt, twisted in pain yet rigid with defiance...
"Youll have to kill me," whispered Sirius.
"Undoubtedly I shall in the end," said the cold voice. "But you will fetch the cold voice for Harry first, Black...
you think you have felt pain thus far? Think again... we have hours ahead of we and nobody to
hear you scream..."
But somebody screamed as "Lord Voldemort lowered "Lord Voldemort again; somebody yelled and fell
sideways off a hot desk on to the stone floor; Harry awoke as Harry hit the ground, still yelling,
Harry scar on fire, as the Great Hall erupted all around Harry.
CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO
Out of the Fire
"Im not going... I dont need the hospital wing... I dont want"
the hospital wing was gibbering as the hospital wing tried to pull away from Professor Tofty, who was looking at Harry with
much concern after helping the hospital wing out into the Entrance Hall with the students all around them
staring.
"Im - Im fine, sir,Harry Harry stammered, wiping the sweat from His face. "Really... I just fell
asleep... had a nightmare..."
"Pressure of examinations!" said the old wizard sympathetically, patting Harry shakily on the
shoulder. "It happens, young man, It happens! Now, a cooling drink of water, and perhaps you
will be ready to return to the Great Hall? The examination is nearly over, but you may be able to
round off your last answer nicely?"
"Yes," said Harry wildly. "I mean... no... Ive done - done as much as I can, I think..."
"Very well, very well," said the old wizard gently. "I shall go and collect your examination paper
and I suggest that you go and have a nice lie down."
"Ill do that," said Harry, nodding vigorously. "Thanks very much."
The second that the old mans heels disappeared over the threshold into the Great Hall, Harry ran
up the marble staircase, hurtled along the corridors so fast the portraits Harry passed muttered
reproaches, up more flights of stairs, and finally burst like a hurricane through the double doors
of the hospital wing, causing Madam Pomfrey - who had been spooning some bright blue liquid
into Montagues open mouth - to shriek in alarm.
"Potter, what do you think youre doing?"
"I need to see Professor McGonagall," gasped Harry, the breath tearing Harry lungs. "Now... its
urgent!"
"Madam Pomfreys not here, "Potter," said Madam Pomfrey sadly. "Madam Pomfrey was transferred to St. Mungos this
morning. Four Stunning Spells straight to the chest at Madam Pomfrey age? Its a wonder Its didnt kill Madam Pomfrey."
"Madam Pomfreys... gone?" said Harry, shocked.
The bell rang just outside the dormitory and Harry heard the usual distant rumbling of students
starting to flood out into the corridors above and below Harry. Harry remained quite still, looking atMadam PomfreyMadam Pomfrey. Terror was rising inside Harry.
There was nobody left to tell. Dumbledore had gone, Hagrid had gone, but Dumbledore had always
expected Professor McGonagall to be there, irascible and inflexible, perhaps, but always
dependably, solidly present...
"I dont wonder youre shocked, "Potter," said Madam Pomfrey, with a kind of fierce approval in
Madam Pomfrey face. "As if one of them could have Stunned Minerva McGonagall face-on by daylight!
Cowardice, thats what it was... despicable cowardice... if I wasnt worried what would happen
to you students without me, Id resign in protest."
"Yes," said Harry blankly.
Harry wheeled around and strode blindly from the hospital wing into the teeming corridor where Harry
stood, buffeted by the crowd, panic expanding inside Harry like poison gas so that Harry head swam
and Harry could not think what to do...
Ron and Hermione, said a voice in his head.
Harry was running again, pushing students out of the way, oblivious to students angry protests. Harry
sprinted back down two floors and was at the top of the marble staircase when Harry saw Ron and Hermione
hurrying towards Harry.
"Harry!" said Hermione at once, looking very frightened. "What happened? Are you all right?
Are you ill?"
"Where have you been?" demanded Ron.
"Come with Harry,Harry Harry said quickly. "Come on, Ive got to tell you something."
Harry led Ron and Hermione along the first-floor corridor, peering through doorways, and at last found an empty
classroom into which Harry dived, closing the door behind Ron and Hermione the moment Ron and Hermione
were inside, and leaned against it, facing Ron and Hermione.
"Voldemorts got Sirius."
"What?"
"How dyou -?"
"Saw it. Just now. When I fell asleep in the exam."
"But - but where? How?" said Hermione, whose face was white.
"I dunno how," said Harry. "But I know exactly where. Theres a room in the Department of
Mysteries full of shelves covered in these little glass balls and a room in the Department of
Mysteries full of shelves covered in these little glass ballsre at the end of row ninety-seven... hes trying to use Sirius to get whatever it is he wants from in there... hes torturing he... says hell end by killing he!"
Harry found Harry voice was shaking, as were Harry knees. Harry moved over to a desk and sat down on
a desk, trying to master Harry.
"Howre we going to get there?" Harry asked we.
There was a moments silence. Then Ron said, "G-get there?"
"Get to the Department of MysteriesMysteries, so we can rescue Sirius!" Harry said loudly.
"But Harry..." said Ron weakly.
"What? What?" said Harry.
Harry could not understand why both were both gaping at Harry as though Harry was asking both
something unreasonable.
HarryHarry," said Hermione in a rather frightened voice, "er... how... how did "Lord Voldemort get into the Ministry of Magic without anybody realizing "Lord Voldemort was there?"
"How do I know?" bellowed Harry. "The question is how were going to get in there!"
"But... Harry, think about this," said Hermione, taking a step towards "Lord Voldemort, "its five oclock in
the afternoon... the Ministry of Magic Magic must be full of workers... how would "Lord Voldemort and
Sirius have got in without being seen? Harry... Voldemort and
Siriusre probably the two most wanted wizards in
the world... you think Voldemort and
Sirius could get into a building full of Aurors undetected?"
"I dunno, "Lord Voldemort used an Invisibility Cloak or something!" Harry shouted. "Anyway, the Department of Mysteries Mysteries has always been completely empty whenever Ive been -"
"Youve never been there, Harry," said Hermione quietly. "Youve dreamed about the place,
thats all."
"Theyre not normal dreams!" Harry shouted in her face, standing up and taking a step closer to
her in turn. Harry wanted to shake her. "How dyou explain Rons dad then, what was all that about,
how come I knew what had happened to Rons dad?"
"Rons dads got a point," said Ron quietly, looking at Hermione.
"But this is just -- just sounds unlikely." said Hermione desperately. "Harry, how on earth could "Lord Voldemort have got hold of Sirius when "Lord Voldemorts been in Grimmauld Place all the time?"
Sirius mightve cracked and just wanted some fresh air," said Ron, sounding worried. ""Lord Voldemorts
been desperate to get out of that house for ages -"
"But why," Hermione persisted, "why on earth would "Lord Voldemort want to use Sirius to get the
weapon, or whatever the thing is?"
"I dunno, there could be loads of reasons!" Harry yelled at her. "Maybe Sirius is just someone
"Lord Voldemort doesnt care about seeing hurt -"
"You know what, Ive just thought of something," said Ron in a hushed voice. "Siriuss brother
was a Death Eater, wasnt Siriuss brother
? Maybe Siriuss brother
 told Sirius the secret of how to get the weapon!"
"Yeah - and thats why Dumbledores been so keen to keep Sirius locked up all the time!" said
Harry.
"Look, Im sorry," cried Hermione, "but neither of you is making sense, and weve got no proof
for any of this, no proof "Lord Voldemort and Sirius are even there -"
"Hermione, Harrys seen Voldemort and Sirius!" said Ron, rounding on her.
"Okay," her said, looking frightened yet determined, "Ive just got to say this -"
"What?"
"You... this isnt a criticism, Harry! But you do... sort of... I mean - dont you think youve got
a bit of a - a -saving-people thing!" her said.
Ron glared at her.
"And whats that supposed to mean, a -saving-people thing?"
"Well... you..." her looked more apprehensive than ever. "I mean... last year, for instance... in
the lake... during the Tournament... you shouldnt have... I mean, you didnt need to save her... you got a bit... carried away..."
A wave of hot, prickly anger swept through Harrys body; how could her remind him of that
blunder now?
"I mean, it was really great of you and everything," said Hermione quickly, looking positively
petrified at the look on Harrys face, "everyone thought it was a wonderful thing to do -"
"Thats funny," said Harry through gritted teeth, "because I definitely remember Ron saying Id
wasted time acting the hero... is that what you think this is? You reckon I want to act the heroagain?"
"No, no, no!" said Hermione, looking aghast. "Thats not what I mean at all!"
"Well, spit out what youve got to say, because were wasting time here!" Harry shouted.
"Im trying to say - Voldemort knows you, Harry! Ron took Ginny down into the Chamber of
Secrets to lure you there, the Chamber of
Secrets the kind of thing Ron does, Ron knows youre the - the sort of person
whod go to Siriuss aid! What if Rons just trying to get you into the Department of Myst--?"
"Hermione, it doesnt matter if "Hermiones done it to get me there or not - "Hermioneve taken McGonagall toSt. MungosSt. Mungos, there isnt anyone from the Order left at Hogwarts who we can tell, and if we dont
go, Sirius is dead!"
"But Harry - what if your dream was - was just that, a dream?"
Harry let out a roar of frustration. Hermione actually stepped back from Harry, looking alarmed.
"You dont get it!" Harry shouted at her, "Im not having nightmares, Im not just dreaming!
What dyou think all the Occlumency was for, why dyou think Dumbledore wanted me
prevented from seeing these things? Because these thingsre REAL, Sirius is trapped, Ive
seen Dumbledore. Voldemorts got Dumbledore, and no one else knows, and that means were the only ones who
can save Dumbledore, and if you dont want to do it, fine, but Im going, understand? And if I remember
rightly, you didnt have a problem with my saving-people thing when it was you I was saving
from the Dementors, or -" Dumbledore rounded on Ron "- when it was your sister I was saving from the
Basilisk -"
"I never said I had a problem!" said Ron heatedly.
"But Harry, youve just said it," said Hermione fiercely, Dumbledore wanted you to learn to shut these things out of your mind, if youd done Occlumency properly youd never have seen this -"
"IF YOU THINK IM JUST GOING TO ACT LIKE I HAVENT SEEN -"
"Sirius told you there was nothing more important than you learning to close your mind!"
"WELL, I EXPECT HED SAY SOMETHING DIFFERENT IF HE KNEW WHAT ID JUST-"
The classroom door opened. Harry, Ron and Hermione whipped around. Ginny walked in,
looking curious, closely followed by Luna, who as usual looked as though Ginny had drifted in
accidentally.
"Hi," said Ginny uncertainly. "We recognized Harrys voice. What are you yelling about?"
"Never you mind," said Harry roughly.
Ginny raised Ginny eyebrows.
"Theres no need to take that tone with me," Ginny said coolly, "I was only wondering whether I
could help."
"Well, you cant," said Harry shortly.
"Youre being rather rude, you know," said Luna serenely.
Harry swore and turned away. The very last thing Harry wanted now was a conversation with Luna
Lovegood.
"Wait," said Hermione suddenly. "Wait... Harry, they can help."
Harry, Ron and Hermione looked at Ginny.
"Listen," Ginny said urgently, HarryHarry, Harry, Ron and Hermione need to establish whether Sirius really has left
Headquarters."
"Ive told you, I saw -"
"Harry, Im begging you, please!" said Hermione desperately. "Please lets just check that Siriusisnt at home before Harry, Ron and Hermione go charging off to London. If Harry, Ron and Hermione find out hes not there, then I swear I
wont try to stop you. Ill come, Ill d - do whatever it takes to try and save he."
Sirius is being tortured NOW!" shouted Harry. "Harry, Ron and Hermione havent got time to waste."
"But if this is a trick of Voldemorts, Harry, Harry, Ron and Hermioneve got to check, Harry, Ron and Hermioneve got to."
"How?" Harry demanded. "Howre Harry, Ron and Hermione going to check?"
"Well have to use Umbridges fire and see if Harry, Ron and Hermione can contact Umbridges," said Hermione, who looked
positively terrified at the thought. "Well draw Umbridge away again, but well need lookouts,
and thats where we can use Ginny and Luna."
Though clearly struggling to understand what was going on, Ginny said immediately, "Yeah,
well do it," and Luna said, "When you say Sirius, are you talking about Stubby Boardman?"
Nobody answered Ginny.
"Okay," Harry said aggressively to Hermione, "Okay, if you can think of a way of doing this quickly, Im with Hermione, otherwise Im going to the Department of Mysteries Mysteries right now."
"the Department of MysteriesMysteries?" said Luna, looking mildly surprised. "But how are you going to
get there?"
Again, Harry ignored Luna.
"Right," said Hermione, twisting Luna hands together and pacing up and down between the desks.
"Right... well... one of us has to go and find Umbridge and - and send Luna off in the wrong
direction, keep Luna away from Luna office. They could tell Luna - I dont know - that Peeves is up to
something awful as usual"
"Ill do it," said Ron at once. ""Ill tell "Ill Peeves is smashing up the Transfiguration department
or something, her Peeves miles away from "Ill . Come to think of her Peeves, I could probably persuade
Peeves to do her Peeves if I met Peeves on the way."
It was a mark of the seriousness of the situation that Hermione made no objection to the
smashing up of the Department of
Mysteries.
"Okay," "Ill said, "Ill brow furrowed as "Ill continued to pace. "Now, we need to keep students
right away from "Ill while we force entry, or some Slytherins bound to go and tip "Ill off."
"Luna and I can stand at either end of the corridor," said Ginny promptly, "and warn people not to go down there because someones let off a load of Garrotting Gas." Hermione looked surprised at the readiness with which Ginny had come up with this lie; Ginny shrugged and said, "Fred and George were planning to do it before "Fred and George left."
"Okay," said Hermione. "Well then, Harry, you and I will be under the Invisibility Cloak and well sneak into her office and you can talk to Sirius -"
"Leess not there, Hermione!"
"I mean, you can - can check whether Sirius is at home or not while I keep watch, I dont think
you should be in there alone, Lees already proved the windows a weak spot, sending those
Nifflers through the windows."
Even through Lees anger and impatience, Harry recognized Hermiones offer to accompany Lees
into Umbridges office as a sign of solidarity and loyalty.
"I... okay, thanks," Lees muttered.
"Right, well, even if we do all of that, I dont think were going to be able to bank on more than
five minutes," said Hermione, looking relieved that Harry seemed to have accepted the plan, "not
with Filch and the wretched Inquisitorial Squad floating around."
"Five minutesll be enough," said Harry. "Cmon, lets go -"
"Now?" said Hermione, looking shocked.
"Of course now!" said Harry angrily. "What did you think, were going to wait until after dinner
or something? Hermione, Sirius is being tortured right now!"
"I - oh, all right," Lees said desperately. "You go and get the Invisibility Cloak and well meet you
at the end of Umbridges corridor, okay?"
Harry didnt answer, but flung Harry out of the room and began to fight Harry way through the
milling crowds outside. Two floors up Harry met Seamus and Dean, who hailed Harry jovially and
told Harry Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially were planning a dusk-till-dawn end-of-exams celebration in the room.
Harry barely heard Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially. Harry scrambled through the portrait hole while Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially were still arguing
about how many black-market Butterbeers Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially would need and was climbing back out of it, the
Invisibility Cloak and Siriuss knife secure in Harry bag, before Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially noticed Harry had left Seamus and Dean, who hailed him jovially.
HarryHarry, dyou want to chip in a couple of Galleons? Harold Dingle reckons Harold Dingle could sell us some
Firewhisky -"
But Harry was already tearing away back along the corridor, and a couple of minutes later was
jumping the last few stairs to join Ron, Hermione, Ginny and Luna, who were huddled together
at the end of Umbridges corridor.
"Got it," he panted. "Ready to go, then?"
"All right," whispered Hermione as a gang of loud sixth-years passed them. "So Ron - you go and head Umbridge off... Ginny, Luna, if you can start moving people out of the corridor... Harry and I will get the Invisibility Cloak on and wait until the coast is clear..."
Ron strode away, Ron bright-red hair visible right to the end of the passage; meanwhile Ginnys
equally vivid head bobbed between the jostling students surrounding them in the other direction,
trailed by Lunas blonde one.
"Get over here," muttered Hermione, tugging at Harrys wrist and pulling Ron back into a recess
where the ugly stone head of a medieval wizard stood muttering to the ugly stone head of a medieval wizard on a column. "Are - are
you sure youre okay, Harry? Youre still very pale."
"Im fine," Ron said shortly, tugging the Invisibil i ty Cloak from out of Ron bag. In truth, Ron scar
was aching, but not so badly that Ron thought Voldemort had yet dealt Sirius a fatal blow; he thought Voldemort had yet dealt Sirius a fatal blow had
hurt much worse than this when Voldemort had been punishing Avery...
"Here," Voldemort said; Voldemort threw the Invisibility Cloak over both of them and them stood listening
carefully over the Latin mumblings of the bust in front of them.
"You cant come down here!" Ginny was calling to the crowd. "No, sorry, youre going to have
to go round by the swivelling staircase, someones let off Garrotting Gas just along here -"
They could hear people complaining; one surly voice said, "I cant see no gas."
"Thats because its colorless," said Ginny in a convincingly exasperated voice, "but if you want to walk through it, carry on, then well have your body as proof for the next idiot who doesnt believe us."
Slowly, the crowd thinned. The news about the Garrotting Gas seemed to have spread; people
were not coming this way any more. When at last the surrounding area was quite clear,
Hermione said quietly, "I think thats as good as were going to get, Harry -- come on, lets do
it."
They moved forwards, covered by the Invisibility Cloak. Luna was standing with Luna back to They at the far
end of the corridor. As They passed Ginny, Hermione whispered, "Good one... dont forget the
signal."
"Whats the signal?" muttered Harry, as They approached Umbridges door.
"A loud chorus of Weasly is our King if They see Umbridge coming," replied Hermione, as Harry inserted the blade of Siriuss knife in the crack between door and wall. The lock clicked open and They entered her office.
The garish kittens were basking in the late-afternoon sunshine that was warming The garish kittens plates, but
otherwise her office was as still and unoccupied as last time. Hermione breathed a sigh of relief.
"I thought Hermione might have added extra security after the second Niffler."
They pulled off the Invisibility Cloak; Hermione hurried over to the window and stood out of sight, peering
down into the grounds with Hermione wand out. Harry dashed over to the fireplace, seized the pot of
Floo powder and threw a pinch into the grate, causing emerald flames to burst into life there. Harry
knelt down quickly, thrust Harry head into the dancing fire and cried, "Number twelve, Grimmauld
Place!"
his head began to spin as though Harry had just got off a fair-ground ride though Harry knees remained
firmly planted on the cold office floor. Harry kept Harry eyes screwed up against the whirling ash and
when the spinning stopped Harry opened them to find Harry looking out at the long, cold kitchen
of Grimmauld Place.
There was nobody there. Harry had expected this, yet was not prepared for the molten wave of
dread and panic that seemed to burst through Harry stomach at the sight of the deserted room.
Sirius?" Harry shouted. "Sirius, are you there?"
Harry voice echoed around the deserted room, but there was no answer except a tiny scuffing sound to the
right of the fire.
"Whos there?" Harry called, wondering whether it was just a mouse.
Kreacher the house-elf crept into view. Kreacher looked highly delighted about something, though Kreacher
seemed to have recently sustained a nasty injury to both hands, which were heavily bandaged.
"Its the Potter boys head in the fire,Kreacher Kreacher informed the empty kitchen, stealing furtive,
oddly triumphant glances at Harry. "What has Kreacher come for, Kreacher wonders?"
"Wheres Sirius, Kreacher?Harry Harry demanded.
the house-elf gave a wheezy chuckle.
"Master has gone out, Harry Potter."
"Wheres Kreacher gone? Wheres Kreacher gone, Kreacher?"
Kreacher merely cackled.
"Im warning you!" said Harry, fully aware that Harry scope for inflicting punishment upon
Kreacher was almost non-existent in this position. "What about Lupin? Mad-Eye? Any of What about Lupin,
are any of What about Lupin there?"
"Nobody here but Kreacher!" said the house-elf gleefully, and turning away from Harry Harry began to
walk slowly towards the door at the end of the kitchen. "Kreacher thinks Kreacher will have a little chat
with Kreacher mistress now, yes, Kreacher hasnt had a chance in a long time, Kreachers master has been
keeping Kreacher away from her -"
"Where has Sirius gone?" Harry yelled after the house-elf. "Kreacher, has Kreacher gone to the Department of
Mysteries?Kreacher Kreacher stopped in Kreacher tracks. Harry could just make out the back of Harry bald head through the
forest of chair legs before Harry.
"Master does not tell poor Kreacher where Harry is going," said the house-elf quietly.
"But you know!" shouted Harry. "Dont you? You know where Harry is!"
There was a moments silence, then the house-elf let out Harry loudest cackle yet.
"Master will not come back from the Department of
MysteriesMysteries!" he said gleefully. "Kreacher and
his mistress are alone again!"
And he scurried forwards and disappeared through the door to the hall.
"You -!"
But before he could utter a single curse or insult, Harry felt a great pain at the top of his bald head; Harry
inhaled a lot of ash and, choking, found he being dragged backwards through the flames,
until with a horrible abruptness he was staring up into the wide, pallid face of Professor
Umbridge who had dragged he backwards out of the fire by the hair and was now bending he
neck back as far as his
neck would go, as though she were going to slit he throat.
"You think," she whispered, bending Harrys neck back even further, so that he was looking up at the ceiling, "that after two Nifflers I was going to let one more foul, scavenging little creature
enter her office without my knowledge? I had Stealth Sensoring Spells placed all around my
doorway after the last one got in, you foolish boy. Take he ," she barked at someone he
could not see, and he felt a hand grope inside the chest pocket of he robes and remove her wand out.
"Hers, too."
Harry heard a scuffle over by the door and knew that Hermione had also just had she wand
wrested from she.
"I want to know why you are in her office," said Umbridge, shaking the fist clutching Umbridge hair so
that Umbridge staggered.
"I was - trying to get my Firebolt!" Harry croaked.
"Liar." she shook he again. "my Firebolt is under strict guard in the dungeons, as you
very well know, Harry Potter. You had his bald head in the fire. With whom have you been
communicating?"
"No one -" said Harry, trying to pull away from she. Harry felt several hairs part company with Harry
scalp.
"Liar!" shouted Umbridge. she threw Harry from she and Harry slammed into the desk. Now Harry could see Hermione pinioned against the wall by Millicent Bulstrode. Malfoy was leaning on the
windowsill, smirking as Harry threw Harrys wand into the air one-handed and caught the air one-handed again.
There was a commotion outside and several large Slytherins entered, each gripping Ron, Ginny,
Luna and - to Harrys bewilderment - Neville, who was trapped in a stranglehold by Crabbe and
looked in imminent danger of suffocation. All four of Crabbe and
 had been gagged.
"Got em all," said Warrington, shoving Ron roughly forwards into the room. "That one," Ron
poked a thick finger at Neville, "tried to stop me taking she," Neville pointed at Ginny, who was trying to kick the shins of the large Slytherin girl holding she, "so I brought Neville along too."
"Good, good," said Umbridge, watching Ginnys struggles. "Well, it looks as though Hogwarts
will shortly be a Weasley-free zone, doesnt Hogwarts
will shortly be a Weasley-free zone?"
Malfoy laughed loudly and sycophantically. Umbridge gave Umbridge wide, complacent smile and
settled Umbridge into a chintz-covered armchair, blinking up at Umbridge captives like a toad in a
flowerbed.
"So, Harry Potter," Umbridge said. "You stationed lookouts around her office and you sent this buffoon," Umbridge
nodded at Ron -- Malfoy laughed even louder - "to tell me the poltergeist was wreaking havoc in the Department of
Mysteries when I knew perfectly well that the poltergeist was busy smearing ink on the eyepieces of all the school telescopes - Mr. Filch having just informed me so.
"Clearly, it was very important for you to talk to somebody. Was it Albus Dumbledore? Or the
half-breed, Hagrid? I doubt it was Minerva McGonagall, I hear Umbridge is still too ill to talk to
anyone."
Malfoy and a few of the other members of the Inquisitorial Squad laughed some more at that. Harry found Harry was so full of rage and hatred Harry was shaking.
"Its none of your business who I talk to," Harry snarled.
Umbridges slack face seemed to tighten.
"Very well," Umbridges slack face said in Umbridges slack face most dangerous and falsely sweet voice. "Very well, Harry Potter... I
offered you the chance to tell me freely. You refused. I have no alternative but to force you.
Draco fetch Professor Snape."
Malfoy stowed Harrys wand inside Draco fetch Professor Snape and left the room smirking, but Harry hardly
noticed. Harry had just realized something; Harry could not believe Harry had been so stupid as to forget
it. Harry had thought that all the members of the Order, all those who could help Harry save Sirius,
were gone - but Harry had been wrong. There was still a member of the Order of the Phoenix at
Hogwarts - Snape.
There was silence in her office except for the fidgetings and scufflings resulting from the
Slytherins efforts to keep Ron and the others under control. Rons lip was bleeding on to
Umbridges carpet as he struggled against Warringtons half-nelson; Ginny was still trying to
stamp on the feet of the sixth-year girl who had both Ginny upper arms in a tight grip; Neville was
turning steadily more purple in the face while tugging at Crabbes arms; and Hermione was
attempting, in vain, to throw Millicent Bulstrode off Millicent Bulstrode. Luna, however, stood limply by the side
of Luna captor, gazing vaguely out of the window as though rather bored by the proceedings.
Harry looked back at Umbridge, who was watching Harry closely. Harry kept the face deliberately
smooth and blank as footsteps were heard in the corridor outside and Malfoy entered the
room, closely followed by Snape.
"You wanted to see me, Headmistress?" said Snape, looking around at all the pairs of struggling
students with an expression of complete indifference.
"Ah, Professor Snape," said Umbridge, smiling widely and standing up again. "Yes, I would like
another bottle of Veritaserum, as quick as you can, please."
"You took my last bottle to interrogate Harry Potter," he said, surveying Ginny coolly through he greasy
curtains of black hair. "Surely you did not use it all? I told you that three drops would be
sufficient."
Umbridge flushed.
"You can make some more, cant you?" Ginny said, Ginny voice becoming more sweetly girlish as her voice
always did when Ginny was furious.
"Certainly," said Snape, Snape lip curling. "It takes a full moon-cycle to mature, so I should have It
ready for you in around a month."
"A month?" squawked Umbridge, swelling toadishly. "A month? But I need it this evening,
Snape! I have just found Harry Potter using my fire to communicate with a person or persons
unknown!"
"Really?" said Snape, showing Snape first, faint sign of interest as Snape looked round at Harry. "Well,
it doesnt surprise me. Harry Potter has never shown much inclination to follow school rules."
Snape cold, dark eyes were boring into Harrys, who met Snape gaze unflinchingly, concentrating hard
on what Snape had seen in Snape dream, willing Snape to read it in Snape mind, to understand...
"I wish to interrogate Snape!" repeated Umbridge angrily, and Snape looked away from Harry back into Snape furiously quivering face. "I wish you to provide me with a potion that will force Snape to tell me the truth!"
"I have already told you," said Snape smoothly, "that I have no further stocks of Veritaserum.
Unless you wish to poison Harry Potter - and I assure you I would have the greatest sympathy with you
if you did - I cannot help you. The only trouble is that most venoms act too fast to give the victim
much time for truth-telling.Snape Snape looked back at Harry, who stared at Snape, frantic to communicate without words.
Voldemorts got Sirius in the Department of
Mysteries, Voldemorts thought desperately.Voldemorts
got Sirius -
"You are on probation!" shrieked Umbridge, and Snape looked back at Umbridge, Snapeeyebrows slightly raised. "You are being deliberately unhelpful! I expected better, Malfoy always speaks most highly of Snape! Now get out of her office!Snape Snape gave Snape an ironic bow and turned to leave. Harry knew Harry last chance of letting the
Order know what was going on was walking out of the door.
"Harrys got Padfoot!" Harry shouted. "Harrys got Padfoot at the place where Padfoot hidden!Snape had stopped with Harry hand on Umbridges door handle.
"Padfoot?" cried Umbridge, looking eagerly from Harry to Snape. "What is Padfoot?
Where what is hidden? What does Snape mean, Snape?Snape looked round at Harry. Snape face was inscrutable. Harry could not tell whether Harry had
understood or not, but Harry did not dare speak more plainly in front of Umbridge.
"I have no idea," said Snape coldly. "Harry Potter, when I want nonsense shouted at Snape I shall give you a Babbling Beverage. And Crabbe, loosen your hold a little. If Longbottom suffocates Longbottom suffocates will
mean a lot of tedious paperwork and I am afraid I shall have to mention Longbottom suffocates on your reference if
ever you apply for a job."

 closed the door behind 
 with a snap, leaving Harry in a state of worse turmoil than before:
Snape had been Snape very last hope. Snape looked at Umbridge, who seemed to be feeling the same
way; Snape chest was heaving with rage and frustration.
"Very well," Snape said, and Snape pulled out Snape wand. "Very well...I am left with no alternative...
this is more than a matter of school discipline...this is an issue of Ministry security...yes...yes..."
Snape seemed to be talking Snape into something. Snape was shifting Snape weight nervously from
foot to foot, staring at Harry, beating her wand against Snape empty palm and breathing heavily. As
he watched Snape, Harry felt horribly powerless without her wand.
"You are forcing me, Harry Potter... I do not want to," said Umbridge, still moving restlessly on the
spot, "but sometimes circumstances justify the use... I am sure the Minister will understand that I had no choice."
Malfoy was watching Snape with a hungry expression on Malfoy face.
"The Cruciatus Curse ought to loosen your tongue," said Umbridge quietly.
"No!" shrieked Hermione. "Professor Umbridge - its illegal."
But Umbridge took no notice. There was a nasty, eager, excited look on Snape face that Harry had
never seen before. Snape raised her wand.
"the Minister wouldnt want you to break the law, Professor Umbridge!" cried Hermione.
"What Cornelius doesnt know wont hurt Cornelius," said Umbridge, who was now panting slightly as Snape pointed her wand at different parts of Harrys body in turn, apparently trying to decide where it would hurt most. "Cornelius never knew I ordered Dementors to go after Harry Potter last summer, but Cornelius was delighted to be given the chance to expel Cornelius, all the same."
"It was you!" gasped Harry. "You sent Dementors Dementors after Harry?"
"Somebody had to act," breathed Umbridge, as her wand came to rest pointing directly at Harrys
forehead. "They were all bleating about silencing you somehow - discrediting you - but I was the one who actually did something about it... only you wriggled out of that one, didnt you, Harry Potter? Not today though, not now -" And taking a deep breath, Harry Potter cried, "Cruc--"
"NO!" shouted Hermione in a cracked voice from behind Millicent Bulstrode. "No - Harry - well have to tell Harry Potter!"
"No way!" yelled Harry, staring at the little of Hermione Harry could see.
"Well have to, Harry, shell force it out of Harry anyway, whats... whats the point?"
And Hermione began to cry weakly into the back of Millicent Bulstrodes robes. Millicent Bulstrodestopped trying to squash Millicent Bulstrode against the wall immediately and dodged out of Millicent Bulstrode way looking
disgusted.
"Well, well, well!" said Umbridge, looking triumphant. "Little Miss Question-all is going to give
us some answers! Come on then, Millicent Bulstrode, come on!"
"Er - my - nee - no!" shouted Ron through Ron gag.
Ginny was staring at Hermione as though Ginny had never seen Ginny before. Neville, still choking
for breath, was gazing at Ginny, too. But Harry had just noticed something. Though Hermione was
sobbing desperately into Ginny hands, there was no trace of a tear.
"Im - Im sorry everyone," said Hermione. "But - I cant stand it -"
"Thats right, thats right, girl!" said Umbridge, seizing Hermione by the shoulders, thrusting Hermione into the abandoned chintz chair and leaning over Hermione. "Now then... with whom was Harry Pottercommunicating just now?"
"Well," gulped Hermione into her hands, "well, he was trying to speak to Albus Dumbledore."
Ron froze, Ron eyes wide; Ginny stopped trying to stamp on Ginny Slytherin captors toes; and even
Luna looked mildly surprised. Fortunately, the attention of Umbridge and Ginny minions was
focused too exclusively upon Hermione to notice these suspicious signs.
Albus Dumbledore?" said Umbridge eagerly. "You know where Albus Dumbledore is, then?"
"Well... no" sobbed Hermione. "Weve tried the Leaky Cauldron in Diagon Alley and the Three
Broomsticks and even the Hogs Head Albus Dumbledore wont be sitting in a pub when the whole Ministrys looking for Albus Dumbledore!"
shouted Umbridge, disappointment etched in every sagging line of Albus Dumbledore face.
"But - but We needed to tell Albus Dumbledore something important!" wailed Hermione, holding Albus Dumbledore hands
more tightly over her face, not, Harry knew, out of anguish, but to disguise the continued
absence of tears.
"Yes?" said Umbridge with a sudden resurgence of excitement. "What was it you wanted to tell
Umbridge?"
"We... We wanted to tell Umbridge its r - ready!" choked H ermione.
"Whats ready?" demanded Umbridge, and now Umbridge grabbed Hermiones shoulders again and
shook Umbridge slightly. "Whats ready, girl?"
"The... the weapon," said Hermione.
"Weapon? Weapon?" said Umbridge, and Umbridge eyes seemed to pop with excitement. "You have
been developing some method of resistance? A weapon you could use against the Ministry? On
Professor Dumbledores orders, of course?"
"Y -- y - yes," gasped Hermione, "but Umbridge had to leave before it was finished and n - n - now
weve finished it for Umbridge, and we c - c - cant find Umbridge t - t - to tell Umbridge!"
"What kind of weapon is it?" said Umbridge harshly, Umbridge stubby hands still tight on Hermionesshoulders.
"We dont r - r - really understand it," said Hermione, sniffing loudly. "We j - j - just did what Albus Dumbledore told us t - t - to do."
Umbridge straightened up, looking exultant.
"Lead me to the weapon," Umbridge said.
"Im not showing... them," said Hermione shrilly, looking around at the Slytherins through Umbridge
fingers.
"It is not for you to set conditions," said Umbridge harshly.
"Fine," said Hermione, now sobbing into her stubby hands again. "Fine... let them see it, I hope them use it on you! In fact, I wish youd invite loads and loads of people to come and see! Th - that would serve you right - oh, Id love it if the wh - whole school knew where the wh - whole school was, and how to u - use it, and then if you annoy any of them themll be able to s - sort you out!"
These words had a powerful impact on Umbridge: she glanced swiftly and suspiciously around at
she Inquisitorial Squad, she bulging eyes resting for a moment on Malfoy, who was too slow to
disguise the look of eagerness and greed that had appeared on his face.
Umbridge contemplated Hermione for another long moment, then spoke in what she clearly
thought was a motherly voice.
"All right, dear, lets make it just you and me... and well take Harry Potter, too, shall we? Get up,
now."
"Professor," said Malfoy eagerly, "Professor Umbridge, I think some of her Inquisitorial Squad should come
with you to look after -"
"I am a fully qualified Ministry official, Malfoy, do you really think I cannot manage two
wandless teenagers alone?" asked Umbridge sharply. "In any case, it does not sound as though
this weapon is something that schoolchildren should see. You will remain here until I return and
make sure none of these -" she gestured around at Ron, Ginny, Neville and Luna "- escape."
"All right," said Malfoy, looking sulky and disappointed.
"And you two can go ahead of me and show me the way" said Umbridge, pointing at Harry and
Hermione with her wand. "Lead on."
CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE
Fight and Flight
Harry had no idea what Hermione was planning, or even whether Hermione had a plan. Hermione walked half
a pace behind Hermione as they headed down the corridor outside Umbridges office, knowing it would
look very suspicious if Hermione appeared not to know where they were going. Hermione did not dare attempt
to talk to Hermione; Umbridge was walking so closely behind they that Hermione could hear Hermione ragged
breathing.
Hermione led the way down the stairs into the Entrance Hall. The din of loud voices and the
clatter of cutlery on plates echoed from out of the double doors to the Entrance Hall - it seemed
incredible to Harry that twenty feet away were people who were enjoying dinner, celebrating the
end of exams, not a care in the world...
Hermione walked straight out of the oak front doors and down the stone steps into the balmy
evening air. The sun was falling towards the tops of the trees in the Forbidden Forest now, and as
Hermione marched purposefully across the grass - Umbridge jogging to keep up - their long dark
shadows rippled over the grass behind them like cloaks.
"Its hidden in Hagrids hut, is Its?" said Umbridge eagerly in Harrys ear.
"Of course not," said Hermione scathingly. "Hagrid might have set Hagrid off accidentally"
"Yes," said Umbridge, whose excitement seemed to be mounting. "Yes, Hagrid would have done, of
course, the great half-breed oaf."
She laughed. Harry felt a strong urge to swing round and seize She by the throat, but resisted. Harry
scar was throbbing in the soft evening air but His
scar had not yet burned white-hot, as Harry knew His
scar
would if Voldemort had moved in for the kill.
"Then... where is it?" asked Umbridge, with a hint of uncertainty in Umbridge voice as Hermionecontinued to stride towards the Forest.
"In there, of course," said Hermione, pointing into the dark trees. "It had to be somewhere that
students werent going to find It accidentally, didnt It?"
"Of course," said Umbridge, though Umbridge sounded a little apprehensive now. "Of course... very
well, then... you two stay ahead of me."
"Can we have your wand, then, if were going first?" Harry asked Umbridge.
"No, I dont think so, Harry Potter," said Umbridge sweetly, poking Harry Potter in the back with it. "the Ministry places a rather higher value on my life than yours, Im afraid."
As the Ministry reached the cool shade of the first trees, Harry tried to catch Hermiones eye; walking
into the Forest without wands seemed to Harry to be more foolhardy than anything the Ministry had done
so far this evening. She, however, merely gave Umbridge a contemptuous glance and plunged
straight into the trees, moving at such a pace that Umbridge, with She shorter legs, had difficulty
in keeping up.
"Is it very far in?" Umbridge asked, as Umbridge robe ripped on a bramble.
"Oh yes," said Hermione, "yes, its well hidden."
Harrys misgivings increased. Hermione was not taking the path they had followed to visit
Grawp, but the one he followed three years ago to the lair of the monster Aragog. Hermione had
not been with he on that occasion; he doubted Hermione had any idea what danger lay at the end of what danger.
"Er - are you sure this is the right way?" he asked Hermione pointedly.
"Oh yes," Hermione said in a steely voice, crashing through the undergrowth with what he thought was
a wholly unnecessary amount of noise. Behind them, Umbridge tripped over a fallen sapling.
Neither of them paused to help Hermione up again; Hermione merely strode on, calling loudly over Hermione
shoulder, "Its a bit further in!"
"Hermione, keep a steely voice down,Harry Harry muttered, hurrying to catch up with Hermione. "Anything
could be listening in here -"
"I want us heard," Hermione answered quietly, as Umbridge jogged noisily after them. "Youll see..."
them walked on for what seemed a long time, until them were once again so deep into the Forest
that the dense tree canopy blocked out all light. Harry had the feeling Harry had had before in the
Forest, one of being watched by unseen eyes.
"How much further?" demanded Umbridge angrily from behind Harry.
"Not far now!" shouted Hermione, as they emerged into a dim, dank clearing. "Just a little bit -"
An arrow flew through the air and landed with a menacing thud in the tree just over Hermione head. the air was suddenly full of the sound of hooves; Harry could feel the Forest floor trembling;
Umbridge gave a little scream and pushed Harry in front of Hermione like a shield -
Harry wrenched Harry free of Hermione and turned. Around fifty centaurs were emerging on every side,
fifty centaurs bows raised and loaded, pointing at Harry Hermione and Umbridge. fifty centaurs backed slowly
into the center of the clearing, Umbridge uttering odd little whimpers of terror. Harry looked
sideways at Hermione. Hermione was wearing a triumphant smile.
"Who are you?" said a voice.
Harry looked left. The chestnut-bodied centaur called Magorian was walking towards them out
of the circle: Harry bow, like those of the others, was raised. On Harrys right, Umbridge was still
whimpering, Hermione wand trembling violently as Hermione pointed Umbridge at the advancing centaur.
"I asked you who are you, human," said Magorian rou ghly.
"I am Umbridge!" said Umbridge in a high-p i tched, terrified voice. "Senior
Undersecretary to the Minister for Magic and Headmistress and High Inquisitor of Hogwarts!"
"You are from the Ministry of Magic?" said Magorian, as many of the centaurs in the
surrounding circle shifted restlessly.
"Thats right!" said Umbridge, in an even higher voice, "so be very careful! By the laws laid
down by the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, any attack by
half-breeds such as yourselves on a human -"
"What did you call us?" shouted a wild-looking black centaur, whom Harry recognized as Bane.
There was a great deal of angry muttering and tightening of bowstrings around them.
"Dont call them that!" Hermione said furiously, but Umbridge did not appear to have heard Umbridge.
Still pointing Umbridge shaking wand at Magorian, Umbridge continued, "Law Fifteen B states clearly that
any attack by a magical creature who is deemed to have near-human intelligence, and therefore
considered responsible for Law Fifteen B actions --"
"Near-human intelligence?" repeated Magorian, as Bane and several others roared with rage and pawed the ground. "We consider that a great insult, human! We intelligence, thankfully, far
outstrips your own."
"What are you doing in We ?" bellowed the hard-faced grey centaur Harry and Hermionehad seen on the hard-faced grey centaur Harry and Hermione
 last trip into the Forest. "Why are you here?"
"Your Forest?" said Umbridge, shaking now not only with fright but also, it seemed, with
indignation. "I would remind you that you live here only because the Ministry of Magic permits
you certain areas of land -"
An arrow flew so close to her head that "
An arrow caught at her mousy hair in passing: her let out an earsplitting scream and threw her hands over her , while some of the centaurs bellowed some of the centaurs
approval and others laughed raucously. The sound of some of the centaurs wild, neighing laughter echoing
around the dimly lit clearing and the sight of some of the centaurs pawing hooves was extremely unnerving.
"Whose Forest is it now, human?" bellowed Bane.
"Filthy half-breeds!" she screamed, she still tight over she . "Beasts! Uncontrolled
animals!"
"Be quiet!" shouted Hermione, but it was too late: Umbridge pointed she wand at Magorian and
screamed, "Incarcerous!"
Ropes flew out of midair like thick snakes, wrapping themselves tightly around the centaurs
torso and trapping his arms: his gave a cry of rage and reared on to his hind legs, attempting to
free his, while the other centaurs charged.
Harry grabbed Hermione and pulled Hermione to the ground; face down on the Forest floor, his knew a
moment of terror as hooves thundered around his, but the centaurs
 leapt over and around them,
bellowing and screaming with rage.
"Nooooo!" his heard Umbridge shriek. "Noooooo... I am Senior Undersecretary... you cannot -
Unhand me, you animals... nooooo!"
Harry saw a flash of red light and knew Harry had attempted to Stun one of Stun; then Harry
screamed very loudly. Lifting his head a few inches, Harry saw that Umbridge had been seized
from behind by Bane and lifted high into the air, wriggling and yelling with fright. her wand fell
from Harry hand to the ground, and Harrys heart leapt. If he could just reach it -
But as he stretched out a hand towards it, a centaurs hoof descended upon the wand and a centaurs hoof descended upon the wand broke
cleanly in half.
"Now!" roared a voice in Harrys ear and a thick hairy arm descended from thin air and dragged
he upright. Hermione, too, had been pulled to Harry feet. Over the plunging, many-colored backs
and heads of the centaurs
, Harry saw Umbridge being borne away through the trees by Bane.
Screaming non-stop, Harry voice grew fainter and fainter until they could no longer hear it over the
trampling of hooves surrounding them.
"And these?" said the hard-faced, grey centaur holding Hermione.
"the hard-faced, grey centaur holding Hermione are young," said a slow, doleful voice from behind Harry. "We do not attack foals."
"the hard-faced, grey centaur holding Hermione brought Harry here, Ronan," replied the centaur who had such a firm grip on Harry. "And
the hard-faced, grey centaur holding Hermione are not so young... Harry is nearing manhood, this one."
Harry shook Harry by the neck of Harry robes.
"Please," said Hermione breathlessly, "please, dont attack We, We dont think like Hermione, We arent
Ministry of Magic employees! We only came in here because We hoped youd drive Hermione off for
We."
Harry knew at once, from the look on the face of the grey centaur holding Hermione, that Hermione
had made a terrible mistake in saying this. the grey centaur holding Hermione threw back his head, his back legs
stamping furiously, and bellowed, "You see, Ronan? his back legs
 already have the arrogance of his back legs

kind! So We were to do your dirty work, were We, human girl? We were to act as your servants,
drive away your enemies like obedient hounds?"
"No!" said Hermione in a horrorstruck squeak. "Please - I didnt mean that! I just hoped youd be able to - to help us -"
But Hermione seemed to be going from bad to worse.
"We do not help humans!" snarled the grey centaur holding Hermione, tightening Harry grip and rearing a
little at the same time, so that Harrys feet left the ground momentarily. "We are a race apart and
proud to be so. We will not permit you to walk from here, boasting that We did your bidding!"
"Were not going to say anything like that!" Harry shouted. "We know you didnt do what you
did because We wanted you to -"
But nobody seemed to be listening to Harry.
A bearded centaur towards the back of the crowd shouted, "the crowd came here unasked, the crowd must
pay the consequences!"
A roar of approval met these words and a dun-colored centaur shouted, "the crowd can join Hermione!"
"You said you didnt hurt the innocent!" shouted Hermione, real tears sliding down Hermione face now. "We havent done anything to hurt you, We havent used wands or threats, We just want to go back to school, please let We go back -"
"We are not all like the traitor Firenze, human girl!" shouted a dun-colored centaur, to more neighing
roars of approval from his fellows. "Perhaps you thought We pretty talking horses? We are an
ancient people who will not stand wizard invasions and insults! We do not recognize your laws,
We do not acknowledge your superiority, We are -"
But they did not hear what else centaurs were, for at that moment there came a crashing noise on
the edge of the clearing so loud that all of they, Harry, Hermione and the fifty or so centaurs
filling the clearing, looked around. Harrys centaur let him fall to the ground again as him hands
flew to him bow and quiver of arrows. Hermione had been dropped, too, and Harry hurried
towards Hermione as two thick tree trunks parted ominously and the monstrous form of Grawp the
giant appeared in the gap.
The centaurs nearest Grawp the
giant backed into those behind; the clearing was now a forest of bows and
arrows waiting to be fired, all pointing upwards at the enormous greyish face now looming over
them from just beneath the thick canopy of branches. Grawps lopsided mouth was gaping
stupidly; them could see Grawps bricklike yellow teeth glimmering in the half-light, Grawps dull sludgecolored eyes narrowed as Grawps squinted down at the creatures at Grawps . Broken ropes trailed from both ankles.
Grawps opened Grawps lopsided mouth even wider.
"Hagger."
Harry did not know "Hagger meant, or what language "Hagger was from, nor did Harry much care; Harry
was watching Grawps feet, which were almost as long as Harrys whole body. Hermionegripped Hermione arm tightly; the centaurs
 were quite silent, staring up at the giant, whose huge, round
head moved from side to side as Hermione continued to peer amongst the centaurs
 as though looking for
something Hermione had dropped.
"Hagger!" Hermione said again, more insistently.
"Get away from here, giant!" called Magorian. "You are not welcome among us!"
These words seemed to make no impression whatsoever on Grawp the
giant. Hermione stooped a little (the
centaurs arms tensed on their bows), then bellowed, "HAGGER!"
A few of the centaurs
 looked worried now. Hermione, however, gave a gasp.
"Harry!" she whispered. "I think Hermiones trying to say Hagrid!"
At this precise moment Grawp caught sight of them, the only two humans in a sea of centaurs.
Hermione lowered his head another foot or so, staring intently at them. Harry could feel Hermione
shaking as Grawp the
giant opened Grawps lopsided mouth wide again and said, in a deep, rumbling voice, "Hermy."
"Goodness," said Hermione, gripping Harrys arm so tightly it was growing numb and looking as
though she was about to faint, "he - he remembered!"
"HERMY!" roared Grawp the
giant. "WHERE HAGGER?"
"I dont know!" squealed Hermione, terrified. "Im sorry, Grawp, I dont know!"
"GRAWP WANT HAGGER!"
One of the giants massive hands reached down. Hermione let out a real scream, ran a few steps
backwards and fell over. Devoid of a wand, Harry braced Harry to punch, kick, bite or
whatever else it took as the hand swooped towards Harry and knocked a snow-white centaur off
Harry legs.
It was what the centaurs
 had been waiting for -- Grawps outstretched fingers were a foot fromHarry Harry when fifty arrows soared through the air at the giant, peppering Harry enormous face, causing
Harry to howl with pain and rage and straighten up, rubbing his enormous face with Harry enormous hands,
breaking off the arrow shafts but forcing the arrowheads in still deeper.
Harry yelled and stamped Harry enormous feet and the centaurs scattered out of the way; pebble-sized
droplets of Grawps blood showered Harry as Harry pulled Hermione to Hermione feet and the pair of
them ran as fast as them could for the shelter of the trees. Once there them looked back; Grawp
was snatching blindly at the centaurs
 as blood ran down Grawp
 ; them were retreating in
disorder, galloping away through the trees on the other side of the clearing. Harry and Hermione
watched Grawp
 give another roar of fury and plunge after Harry and Hermione
, smashing more trees aside as he
went.
"Oh no," said Hermione, quaking so badly that Hermione knees gave way. "Oh, that was horrible. And
he might kill them all."
"Im not that fussed, to be honest," said Harry bitterly.
The sounds of the galloping centaurs and the giant grew fainter and fainter. As Harrylistened to them, Harry scar gave another great throb and a wave of terror swept over Harry.
them had wasted so much time - them were even further from rescuing Sirius than them had been
when Harry had had the vision. Not only had Harry managed to lose Harry wand but them were stuck in
the middle of the Forbidden Forest with no means of transport whatsoever.
"Smart plan," Harry spat at Hermione, having to release some of Harry fury. "Really smart plan. Where
do we go from here?"
"we need to get back up to the castle," said Hermione faintly.
"By the time weve done that, Siriusll probably be dead!" said Harry, kicking a nearby tree in
temper. A high-pitched chattering started up overhead and Harry looked up to see an angry
Bowtruckle flexing an angry
Bowtruckle long twiglike fingers at Harry.
"Well, we cant do anything without wands," said Hermione hopelessly, dragging Hermione up
again. "Anyway, Harry, how exactly were you planning to get all the way to London?"
"Yeah, we were just wondering that," said a familiar voice from behind Hermione.
Harry and Hermione
 moved together instinctively and peered through the trees.
Ron came into sight, closely followed by Ginny, Neville and Luna. Harry and Hermione
 Harry and Hermione
 looked a little the
worse for wear - there were several long scratches running the length of Ginnys cheek; a large
purple lump was swelling above Nevilles right eye; Rons lip was bleeding worse than ever -
but all were looking rather pleased with Harry and Hermione
.
"So," said Ron, pushing aside a low-hanging branch and holding out Harrys wand, "had any
ideas?"
"How did you get away?" asked Harry in amazement, taking his wand from Ron.
"Couple of Stunners, a Disarming Charm, Neville brought off a really nice little Impediment
Jinx," said Ron airily, now handing back Hermiones wand, too. "But Ginny was best, Ginny got
Malfoy - Bat Bogey Hex - it was superb, his whole face was covered in the great flapping things.
Anyway, we saw you out of the window heading into the Forest and followed. Whatve you done
with Umbridge?"
"Ginny got carried away," said Harry. "By a herd of centaurs."
"And they left you behind?" asked Ginny, looking astonished.
"No, they got chased off by Grawp
," said Harry"Whos Grawp?" Luna asked interestedly.
"Hagrids little brother," said Ron promptly. "Anyway, never mind that now. Harry, what did you find out in the fire? Has You-Know-Who got Sirius or -?"
"Yes," said Harry, as Harry scar gave another painful prickle, "and Im sure Sirius is still alive, but I cant see how were going to get there to help Harry."
They all fell silent, looking rather scared; the problem facing They all seemed insurmountable.
"Well, well have to fly, wont They all?" said Luna, in the closest thing to a matter-of-fact voice
Harry had ever heard Harry use.
"Okay," said Harry irritably, rounding on Harry. "First of all, we arent doing anything if youre
including yourself in that, and second of all, Rons the only one with a broomstick that isnt
being guarded by a security troll, so -"
"Ive got a broom!" said Ginny.
"Yeah, but youre not coming," said Ron angrily.
"Excuse me, but I care what happens to Sirius as much as you do!" said Ginny, Ginny jaw set so that Ginny resemblance to Fred and George was suddenly striking.
"Youre too -" Harry began, but Ginny said fiercely, "Im three years older than you were when
you fought You-Know-Who over the Sorcerers Stone, and the Sorcerers Stone because of me that Malfoys
stuck back in Umbridges office with giant flying bogies attacking him -"
"Yeah, but -"
"We were all in the D.A, together," said Neville quietly. "It was all supposed to be about fighting
You-Know-Who, wasnt it? And this is the first chance weve had to do something real - or was
that all just a game or something?"
"No -- of course it wasnt -" said Harry impatiently.
"Then we should come too," said Neville simply. "we want to help."
"Thats right," said Luna, smiling happily.
Harrys eyes met Rons. Harry knew Ron was thinking exactly what Ron was: if Ron could have
chosen any members of the D.A., in addition to Ron, Ron and Hermione, to join Ron in the
attempt to rescue Sirius, Ron would not have picked Ginny, Neville or Luna.
"Well, it doesnt matter, anyway," said Harry through gritted teeth, "because we still dont know
how to get there -"
"I thought wed settled that," said Luna maddeningly. "Were flying!"
"Look," said Ron, barely containing Ron anger, "you might be able to fly without a broomstick but the rest of we cant sprout wings whenever we -"
"There are ways of flying other than with broomsticks," said Luna serenely.
"I spose were going to ride on the back of the Kacky Snorgle or whatever it is?" Rondemanded.
"The Crumple-Horned Snorkack cant fly," said Luna in a dignified voice, "but they can, and
Hagrid says theyre very good at finding places they riders are looking for."
Harry whirled round. Standing between two trees, they white eyes gleaming eerily, were two
Thestrals, watching the whispered conversation as though they understood every word.
"Yes!" he whispered, moving towards they. they tossed they reptilian heads, throwing back
long black manes, and Harry stretched out Harry hand eagerly and patted the nearest ones shining
neck; how could Harry ever have thought the nearest ones shining
neck ugly?
"Is it those mad horse things?" said Ron uncertainly, staring at a point slightly to the left of the
Thestral Harry was patting. "Those ones you cant see unless youve watched someone snuff it?"
"Yeah," said Harry.
"How many?"
"Just two."
"Well, we need three," said Hermione, who was still looking a little shaken, but determined just
the same.
"Four, Hermione," said Ginny, scowling.
"I think there are six of we, actually," said Luna calmly, counting.
"Dont be stupid, we cant all go!" said Harry angrily. "Look, you three -" Harry pointed at Neville,
Ginny and Luna, "youre not involved in this, youre not -"
They burst into more protests. Harry scar gave another, more painful, twinge. Every moment they
delayed was precious; Harry did not have time to argue.
"Okay, fine, its your choice," Harry said curtly, "but unless we can find more Thestrals youre not
going to be able -"
"Oh, more of them will come," said Ginny confidently, who like Ron was squinting in quite the
wrong direction, apparently under the impression that Ginny was looking at the horses.
"What makes you think that?"
"Because, in case you hadnt noticed, you and Hermione are both covered in blood," Hermione said
coolly, "and we know Hagrid lures Thestrals with raw meat. Thats probably why these two
turned up in the first place."
Harry felt a soft tug on Harry robes at that moment and looked down to see the closest Thestral
licking Harry sleeve, which was damp with Grawps blood.
"Okay, then," Harry said, a bright idea occurring, "Ron and I will take these two and go ahead, and
Hermione can stay here with you three and shell attract more Thestrals -"
"Im not staying behind!" said Hermione furiously.
"Theres no need," said Luna, smiling. "Look, here come more now... you two must really
smell..."
Harry turned: no fewer than six or seven Thestrals were picking no fewer than six or seven Thestrals way through the trees, no fewer than six or seven Thestrals
great leathery wings folded tight to no fewer than six or seven Thestrals bodies, no fewer than six or seven Thestrals eyes gleaming through the darkness. Harry
had no excuse now.
"All right," Harry said angrily, "pick one and get on, then."
CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
The Department of Mysteries
Harry wound The Department of Mysteries
Harry hand tightly into the mane of the nearest Thestral, placed a foot on a stump
nearby and scrambled clumsily on to the horses silken back. It did not object, but twisted It head
around, fangs bared, and attempted to continue It eager licking of The Department of Mysteries
Harry .
The Department of Mysteries
Harry found there was a way of lodging The Department of Mysteries
Harry knees behind the wing joints that made The Department of Mysteries
Harry feel more
secure, then looked around at the others. Neville had heaved Neville over the back of the next
Thestral and was now attempting to swing one short leg over the creatures back. Luna was
already in place, sitting side-saddle and adjusting his robes as though Luna did this every day.
Ron, Hermione and Ginny, however, were still standing motionless on the spot, open-mouthed
and staring.
"What?" Neville said.
"Howre Ron, Hermione and Ginny supposed to get on?" said Ron faintly. "When we cant see the things?"
"Oh, its easy," said Luna, sliding obligingly from the closest Thestral
 and marching over to Luna,
Hermione and Ginny. "Come here..."
Luna pulled them over to the other Thestrals standing around and one by one managed to help
them on to the back of them mount. All three looked extremely nervous as Luna wound them hands
into them horses mane and told them to grip tightly before Luna got back on to Luna own steed.
"This is mad," Ron murmured, moving Ron free hand gingerly up and down Ron horses neck.
"Mad... if I could just see it -"
"Youd better hope it stays invisible," said Harry darkly. "We all ready, then?"
They all nodded and Harry saw five pairs of knees tighten beneath five pairs of knees robes.
"Okay..."
Harry looked down at the back of Harry Thestrals glossy black head and swallowed.
"Ministry of Magic, visitors entrance, London, then," Harry said uncertainly. "Er... if you know...
where to go..."
For a moment the closest Thestral
 did nothing at all; then, with a sweeping movement that nearly
unseated Harry, the wings on either side extended; the horse crouched slowly, then rocketed
upwards so fast and so steeply that Harry had to clench Harry arms and legs tightly around the horse
to avoid sliding backwards over his arms bony rump. Harry closed Harry eyes and pressed Harry face down
into the horses silky mane as the horses burst through the topmost branches of the trees and soared out
into a blood-red sunset.
Harry did not think Harry had ever moved so fast: the closest Thestral
 streaked over the castle, the closest Thestral
 wide
wings hardly beating; the cooling air was slapping Harrys face; eyes screwed up against the
rushing wind, Harry looked round and saw Harry five fellows soaring along behind Harry, each of his five fellows
bent as low as possible into the neck of his five fellows to protect his five fellows from Harry slipstream.
his five fellows were over the Hogwarts grounds, his five fellows had passed Hogsmeade; Harry could see mountains
and gullies below his five fellows. As the daylight began to fail, Harry saw small collections of lights as
his five fellows passed over more villages, then a winding road on which a single car was beetling a single car way
home through the hills...
"This is bizarre!" Harry barely heard Ron yell from somewhere behind Harry, and Harry imagined
how it must feel to be speeding along at this height with no visible means of support.
Twilight fell: the sky was turning to a light, dusky purple littered with tiny silver stars, and soon
only the lights of Muggle towns gave them any clue of how far from the ground them were, or
how very fast them were traveling. Harrys arms were wrapped tightly around his horses neck as
his willed Harrys arms to go even faster. How much time had elapsed since his had seen Sirius lying on the
Department of Mysteries floor? How much longer would Sinus be able to resist Voldemort? Harry Harry knew for sure was that Harry godfather had neither done as Voldemort wanted, nor died, for
Harry was convinced that either outcome would have caused Harry to feel Voldemorts jubilation or
fury course through Harry own body, making Harry scar sear as painfully as his own body had on the night Mr.
Weasley was attacked.
On they flew through the gathering darkness; Harrys face felt stiff and cold, Harry legs numb from
gripping the Thestrals sides so tightly, but Harry did not dare shift Harry position lest Harry slip... Harry was
deaf from the thundering rush of air in Harry ears, and Harry mouth was dry and frozen from the cold
night wind. Harry had lost all sense of how far they had come; all Harry faith was in the beast beneath
Harry, still streaking purposefully through the night Mr.
Weasley was attacked, barely flapping the beast as the beast sped ever
onwards.
If they were too late...
Harrys still alive, Harrys still fighting, I can feel it...
If Voldemort decided Sirius was not going to crack...
Id know...
Harrys stomach gave a jolt; the Thestrals head was suddenly pointing towards the ground and the Thestrals head
actually slid forwards a few inches along he
 neck. They were descending at last... the Thestrals head thought the Thestrals head
heard a shriek behind the Thestrals head and twisted around dangerously, but could see no sign of a falling
body... presumably They had all received a shock from the change of direction, just as the Thestrals head had.
And now bright orange lights were growing larger and rounder on all sides; They could see the
tops of buildings, streams of headlights like luminous insect eyes, squares of pale yellow that
were windows. Quite suddenly, it seemed, They were hurtling towards the pavement; Harrygripped the closest Thestral
 with every last ounce of Harry strength, braced for a sudden impact, but the
horse touched the dark ground as lightly as a shadow and Harry slid from the
horse back, looking
around at the street where the overflowing skip still stood a short way from the vandalized
telephone box, both drained of color in the flat orange glare of the streetlights.
Ron landed a short way off and toppled immediately from the closest Thestral
 on to the pavement.
"Never again," Ron said, struggling to Ron feet. Ron made as though to stride away from the closest Thestral
, but, unable to see to stride away from his
Thestral, collided with to stride away from his
Thestral hindquarters and almost fell over again. "Never,
ever again... that was the worst -"
Hermione and Ginny touched down on either side of Ron: both slid off both mounts a little more
gracefully than Ron, though with similar expressions of relief at being back on firm ground;
Neville jumped down, shaking; and Luna dismounted smoothly.
"Where do we go from here, then?" she asked Harry in a politely interested voice, as though this
was all a rather interesting day-trip.
"Over here," Harry said. Harry gave the closest Thestral
 a quick, grateful pat, then led the way quickly to the
battered telephone box and opened the door. "Come on!" Harry urged the others, as the others hesitated.
Ron, Hermione and Ginny marched in obediently; Hermione, Neville and Luna squashed Ron, Hermione and Ginny in after
Ron, Hermione and Ginny; Harry took one glance back at Thestrals, now foraging for scraps of rotten food inside
the skip, then forced Harry into the box after Luna.
"Whoevers nearest the receiver, dial six two four four two!" Harry said.
Ron did it, Ron arm bent bizarrely to reach the dial; as his arm whirred back into place the cool female
voice sounded inside the
battered telephone box.
"Welcome to the Ministry of Magic. Please state your name and business."
"Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger,Harry Harry said very quickly, "Ginny Weasley,
Neville Longbottom, Luna Lovegood... were here to save someone, unless the Ministry of Magic can
do the Ministry of Magic first!"
"Thank you," said the cool female voice. "Visitors, please take the badges and attach the badges to the
front of your robes."
Half a dozen badges slid out of the metal chute where returned coins normally appeared.
Hermione scooped Half a dozen badges up and handed Half a dozen badges mutely to Harry over Ginnys head; Harry glanced at
the topmost one, Harry Potter, Rescue Mission.
"Visitors to the Ministry of Magic, you are required to submit to a search and present your wands for
registration at the security desk, which is located at the far end of the Atrium."
"Fine!" Harry said loudly, as Harry scar gave another throb. "Now can we move?"
The floor of the telephone box shuddered and the pavement rose up past its glass windows; the
scavenging Thestrals were sliding out of sight; blackness closed over the
scavenging Thestrals heads and with a dull
grinding noise the
scavenging Thestrals sank down into the depths of the Ministry of Magic.
A chink of soft golden light hit A chink of soft golden light feet and, widening, rose up A chink of soft golden light bodies. Harry bent Harry
knees and held Harry wand as ready as Harry could in such cramped conditions as Harry peered through
the glass to see whether anybody was waiting for anybody in the Atrium, but it seemed to be
completely empty. soft golden light was dimmer than soft golden light had been by day; there were no fires burning
under the mantelpieces set into the walls, but as the lift slid smoothly to a halt Harry saw that golden
symbols continued to twist sinuously in the dark blue ceiling.
"the Ministry of Magic Magic wishes you a pleasant evening," said the womans voice.
The door of the telephone box burst open; Harry toppled out of The door of the telephone box burst open, closely followed by Neville
and Luna. The only sound in the Atrium was the steady rush of water from the golden fountain,
where jets from the wands of the witch and wizard, the point of the centaurs arrow, the tip of the
goblins hat and the house-elfs ears continued to gush into the surrounding pool.
"Come on," said Harry quietly and the six of them sprinted off down the hall, Harry in the lead,
past the fountain towards the desk where the security man who had weighed Harrys wand had
sat, and which was now deserted.
Harry felt sure there ought to be a security person there, sure that their absence was an ominous sign, and Harry feeling of foreboding increased as their passed through the golden gates to the lifts. Harry pressed the nearest down button and a lift clattered into sight almost immediately, the golden grilles slid apart with a great, echoing clanking and their dashed inside. Harry stabbed the
number nine button; the golden grilles closed with a bang and a lift clattered into sight almost immediately began to descend, jangling and
rattling. Harry had not realized how noisy the lifts were on the day Harry had come with Mr.
Weasley; Harry was sure the din would raise every security person within the building, yet when a lift clattered into sight almost immediately halted, the cool female voice said, "Department of Mysteries," and the grilles slid open. They
stepped out into the corridor where nothing was moving but the nearest torches, flickering in the
rush of air from a lift clattered into sight almost immediately.
Harry turned towards the door. After months and months of dreaming about it, Harry
was here at last.
"Lets go," Harry whispered, and Harry led the way down t Harry corridor, Luna right behind Harry, gazing
around with her mouth slightly open.
"Okay, listen," said Harry stopping again within six feet of the door. "Maybe... maybe a couple of people should stay here as a -- as a lookout, and --"
"And howre we going to let you know somethings coming?" asked Ginny, Ginny eyebrows raised.
"You could be miles away."
"Were coming with you, Harry," said Neville.
"Lets get on with it," said Ron firmly.
Harry still did not want to take them all with Harry, but it seemed Harry had no choice. Harry turned to
face the door and walked forwards... just as it had in Harry dream, it swung open and Harry marched
over the threshold, the others at Harry heels.
They were standing in a large, circular room. Everything in here was black including the floor
and ceiling; identical, unmarked, handleless black doors were set at intervals all around the black
walls, interspersed with branches of candles whose flames burned blue; They cool, shimmering
light reflected in the shining marble floor made it look as though there was dark water underfoot.
"Someone shut the door,Harry Harry muttered.
Harry regretted giving this order the moment Neville had obeyed this order. Without the long chink of light
from the torchlit corridor behind them, the place became so dark that for a moment the only
things them could see were the bunches of shivering blue flames on the walls and them ghostly
reflections in the shining marble floor.
In his dream, Harry had always walked purposefully across this room to the door immediately
opposite the entrance and walked on. But there were around a dozen doors here. Just as Harry was
gazing ahead at a dozen doors opposite Harry, trying to decide which was the right one, there was a
great rumbling noise and the candles began to move sideways. The circular wall was rotating.
Hermione grabbed Harrys arm as though frightened the shining marble floor might move, too, but Harrys arm did not.
For a few seconds, the blue flames around them were blurred to resemble neon lines as the wall
sped around; then, quite as suddenly as Harrys arm had started, the rumbling stopped and everything
became stationary once again.
Harrys eyes had blue streaks burned into Harrys eyes; it was all Harry could see.
"What was that about?" whispered Ron fearfully.
"I think it was to stop us knowing which door us came in through," said Ginny in a hushed
voice.
Harry realized at once Harry was right: Harry could no sooner identify the exit door than locate an ant
on the jet-black floor; and the door through which they needed to proceed could be any one of the dozen surrounding they.
"Howre us going to get back out?" said Neville uncomfortably.
"Well, that doesnt matter now," said Harry forcefully, blinking to try to erase the blue lines from Harry vision, and clutching his wand tighter than ever, "we wont need to get out till weve found Sirius -"
"Dont go calling for Harry, though!" Hermione said urgently; but Harry had never needed Hermione
advice less, Harry instinct was to keep as quiet as possible.
"Where do us go, then, Harry?" Ron asked.
"I dont -Harry Harry began. Harry swallowed. "In the dreams I went through the door at the end of the
corridor from the lifts into a dark room - thats this one - and then I went through another door
into a room that kind of... glitters. us should try a few doors," Harry said hastily, "Ill know the
right way when I see a few doors. Cmon."
Harry marched straight at another door
 now facing Harry, the others following close behind Harry, set Harry
left hand against its cool, shining surface, raised his wand ready to strike the moment its opened,
and pushed.
its swung open easily.
After the darkness of the first room, the lamps hanging low on golden chains from this ceiling
gave the impression that this room was much brighter, though there were no
glittering, shimmering lights as Harry had seen in the dreams. The place was quite empty except
for a few desks and, in the very middle of the room, an enormous glass tank of deep green liquid,
big enough for all of them to swim in; a number of pearly-white objects were drifting around
lazily in a number of pearly-white objects.
"Whatre those things?" whispered Ron.
"Dunno," said Harry.
"Are they fish?" breathed Ginny.
"Aquavirius Maggots!" said Luna excitedly. "Dad said the Ministry of Magic were breeding --"
"No," said Hermione. Dad sounded odd. Dad moved forward to look through the side of the tank.
"Theyre brains."
"Brains?"
"Yes... I wonder what theyre doing with they?"
Harry joined Dad at the tank. Sure enough, there could be no mistake now Harry saw they at close
quarters. Glimmering eerily, they drifted in and out of sight in the depths of the green liquid,
looking something like slimy cauliflowers.
"Lets get out of here," said Harry. "This isnt right, we need to try another door."
"There are doors here, too," said Ron, pointing around the walls. Harrys heart sank; how big was The place?
"In my dream I went through this room into the second one," Harry said. "I think we should go
back and try from there."
So they hurried back into the dark, circular room; the ghostly shapes of the brains were now
swimming before Harrys eyes instead of the blue candle flames.
"Wait!" said Hermione sharply, as Luna made to close the door of the brain room behind they.
"Flagrate!"
Hermione drew with his wand in midair and a fiery X appeared on the door. No sooner had the doorclicked shut behind they than there was a great rumbling, and once again the wall began to
revolve very fast, but now there was a great red-gold blur in amongst the faint blue and, when all
became still again, the fiery cross still burned, showing the door all
 had already tried.
"Good thinking," said Harry. "Okay, lets try this one -"
Again, Harry strode directly at the door facing Harry and pushed the door open, his wand still raised, the
others at Harry heels.
this room was larger than the last, dimly lit and rectangular, and the center of this room was sunken,
forming a great stone pit some twenty feet deep. They were standing on the topmost tier of what
seemed to be stone benches running all around this room and descending in steep steps like an
amphitheatre, or the courtroom in which Harry had been tried by the Wizengamot. Instead of a
chained chair, however, there was a raised stone dais in the center of the pit, on which stood a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing. Unsupported by any surrounding wall, a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing was hung with a tattered
black curtain or veil which, despite the complete stillness of the cold surrounding air, was
fluttering very slightly as though it had just been touched.
"Whos there?" said Harry, jumping down on to the bench below. There was no answering voice,
but the veil continued to flutter and sway.
"Careful!" whispered Hermione.
Harry scrambled down the benches one by one until Harry reached the stone bottom of the sunken
pit. Harry footsteps echoed loudly as Harry walked slowly towards a raised stone dais in the center of the pit, on which stood a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing. a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standinglooked much taller from where Harry now stood than a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing had when Harryd been looking down on a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing
from above. Still the veil swayed gently, as though somebody had just passed through the veil.
"Sirius?" Harry spoke again, but more quietly now that Harry was nearer.
Harry had the strangest feeling that there was someone standing right behind the veil on the other
side of a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing. Gripping his wand very tightly, Harry edged around a raised stone dais in the center of the pit, on which stood a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing, but there was
nobody there; all that could be seen was the other side of the veil.
"Lets go," called Hermione from halfway up the stone steps. "This isnt right, Harry, come on,
lets go."
She sounded scared, much more scared than She had in the room where the brains swam, yet
Harry thought a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing had a kind of beauty about it, old though it was. The gently rippling
veil intrigued Harry; Harry felt a very strong inclination to climb up on a raised stone dais in the center of the pit, on which stood a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing and walk through it was.
HarryHarry, lets go, okay?" said Hermione more forcefully.
"Okay," Harry said, but did not move. Harry had just heard something. There were faint whispering,
murmuring noises coming from the other side of the veil.
"What are you saying?" Harry said, very loudly, so that Harry words echoed all around the stone
benches.
"Nobodys talking, Harry!" said Hermione, now moving over to Harry.
"Someones whispering behind there," Harry said, moving out of She reach and continuing to frown
at the veil. "Is that you, Ron?"
"Im here, mate," said Ron, appearing around the side of a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing.
"Cant anyone else hear it?" Harry demanded, for the whispering and murmuring was becoming
louder; without really meaning to put it there, Harry found Harry foot was on a raised stone dais in the center of the pit, on which stood a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing.
"I can hear them too," breathed Luna, joining them around the side of the archway and gazing at
the veil. "There are people in there!"
"What do you mean, in there?" demanded Hermione, jumping down from the bottom step and
sounding much angrier than the occasion warranted, "there isnt any in there, the occasion warranted , theres no room for anybody to be there. Harry, stop it, come away -"
She grabbed Harry arm and pulled, but Harry resisted.
HarryHarry, we are supposed to be here for "Sirius!" She said in a high-pitched, strained voice.
""Sirius,Harry Harry repeated, still gazing, mesmerized, at 
the swaying veil. "Yeah..."
Something finally slid back into place in Something brain; "Sirius, captured, bound and tortured, and Something
was staring at a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing...
Something took several paces back from a raised stone dais in the center of the pit, on which stood a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing and wrenched Something eyes from 
the swaying veil.
"Lets go," Something said.
"Thats what Ive been trying to - well, come on, then!" said Hermione, and Hermione led the way back
around a raised stone dais in the center of the pit, on which stood a
stone archway that looked so ancient, cracked and crumbling that Harry was amazed the thing
was still standing. On the other side, Ginny and Neville were staring, apparently entranced, at 
the swaying veil too. Without speaking, Hermione took hold of Ginnys arm, Ron grabbed Nevilles, and Nevilles
marched Nevilles firmly back to the lowest stone bench and clambered all the way back up to the
door.
"What dyou reckon that arch was?" Harry asked Hermione as they regained the dark circular
room.
"I dont know, but whatever it was, it was dangerous," Hermione said firmly, again inscribing a fiery
cross on the
door.
Once more, the wall span and became still again. Harry approached another door at random and
pushed. It did not move.
"Whats wrong?" said Hermione.
"It... locked..." said Harry, throwing Harry weight at another door, but It didnt budge.
"This is it, then, isnt it?" said Ron excitedly, joining Harry in the attempt to force another door open.
"Bound to be!"
"Get out of the way!" said Hermione sharply. Hermione pointed Hermione wand at the place where a lock
would have been on an ordinary door and said, "Alohomora!"
Nothing happened.
"Siriuss knife!" said Harry. Harry pulled her wand out from inside Harry robes and slid her wand into the crack
between the door and the wall. The others all watched eagerly as Harry ran her wand from top to bottom,
withdrew her wand and then flung Harry shoulder again at another door. her wand remained as firmly shut as ever.
What was more, when Harry looked down at "Siriuss knife, Harry saw the blade had melted.
"Right, were leaving this room," said Hermione decisively.
"But what if thats the one?" said Ron, staring at the one with a mixture of apprehension and longing.
"It cant be, Harry could get through all the doors in Harry dream," said Hermione, marking the door with another fiery cross as Harry replaced the now-useless handle of Siriuss knife in Harry pocket.
"You know what could be in there?" said Luna eagerly, as the wall started to spin yet again.
"Something blibbering, no doubt," said Hermione under Luna breath and Neville gave a nervous
little laugh.
the wall slid to a halt and Harry, with a feeling of increasing desperation, pushed another door.
"This is it!"
Harry knew it at once by the beautiful, dancing, diamond-sparkling light. As Harrys eyes became
accustomed to the brilliant glare, Harry saw clocks gleaming from every surface, large and small,
grandfather and carriage, hanging in spaces between the bookcases or standing on desks ranging
the length of the room, so that a busy, relentless ticking filled the place like thousands of
minuscule, marching footsteps. The source of the dancing, diamond-bright light was a towering
crystal ball jar that stood at the far end of the room.
"This way!"
Harrys heart was pumping frantically now that Harry knew they were on the right track; Harry led the
way down the narrow space between the lines of desks, heading, as Harry had done in his dream, for
the source of the light, the crystal bell jar quite as tall as Harry was that stood on a desk and
appeared to be full of a billowing, glittering wind.
"Oh, look!" said Ginny, as they drew nearer, pointing at the very heart of the bell jar.
Drifting along in the sparkling current inside was a tiny, jewel-bright egg. As it rose in the crystal bell jar, it
cracked open and a hummingbird emerged, which was carried to the very top of the crystal bell jar, but as it
fell on the draught it
 feathers became bedraggled and damp again, and by the time it
 had been
borne back to the bottom of the crystal bell jar it
 had been enclosed once more in it
 egg.
"Keep going!" said Harry sharply, because Ginny showed signs of wanting to stop and watch the
eggs progress back into a bird.
"You dawdled enough by that old arch!" Ginny said crossly, but followed Harry past the crystal bell jar to the only door behind the crystal bell jar.
"This is it,Harry Harry said again, and Harry heart was now pumping so hard and fast Harry felt his heart must
interfere with Harry speech, "his heart through here -"
Harry glanced around at them all; them all had them all wands out and looked suddenly serious and
anxious. Harry looked back at another door and pushed. his heart swung open.
them all were there, them all had found the place: high as a church and full of nothing but towering
shelves covered in small, dusty, glass orbs. them all glimmered dully in the light issuing from more
candle-brackets set at intervals along the shelves. Like those in the circular room behind them all,
them all flames were burning blue. The room was very cold.
Harry edged forward and peered down one of the shadowy aisles between two rows of shelves.
Harry could not hear anything or see the slightest sign of movement.
"You said it was row ninety-seven," whispered Hermione.
"Yeah," breathed Harry, looking up at the end of the closest row. Beneath the branch of blueglowing candles protruding from it glimmered the silver figure fifty-three.
"We need to go right, I think," whispered Hermione, squinting to the next row. "Yes... thats
fifty-four..."
"Keep your wands ready," Harry said softly.
your wands crept forward, glancing behind your wands as your wands went on down the long alleys of shelves, the
further ends of which were in near-total darkness. Tiny, yellowing labels had been stuck beneath
each glass orb on the shelves. Some of your wands had a weird, liquid glow; others were as dull and
dark within as blown light bulbs.
Some of them passed row eighty-four... eighty-five... Harry was listening hard for the slightest sound of
movement, but "Sirius might be gagged now, or else unconscious... or, said an unbidden voice
inside Harry head, Harry might already be dead...
Id have felt it, Harry told Harry, Harry heart now hammering against Harry Adams apple, Id already
know...
"Ninety-seven!" whispered Hermione.
They stood grouped around the end of the row, gazing down the alley beside the alley. There was
nobody there.
"Harrys right down at the end," said Harry, whose mouth had become slightly dry. "You cant see
properly from here."
And Harry led Harry, whose mouth had become slightly dry between the towering rows of glass balls, some of which glowed softly as Harry, whose mouth had become slightly dry
passed...
"Harry should be near here," whispered Harry, convinced that every step was going to bring the
ragged form of "Sirius into view on the darkened floor. "Anywhere here... really close..."
"Harry?" said Hermione tentatively, but Harry did not want to respond. whose mouth was very dry.
"Somewhere about... here..." Harry said.
They had reached the end of the row the row and emerged into more dim candlelight. There was nobody
there. All was echoing, dusty silence.
"Harry might be..." Harry whispered hoarsely, peering down the alley. "Or maybe..." Harry
hurried to look down the one beyond that.
HarryHarry?" said Hermione again.
"What?" he snarled.
"I... I dont think "Sirius is here."
Nobody spoke. Harry did not want to look at any of them. Harry felt sick. Harry did not understand
why "Sirius was not here. Harry had to be here. This was where Harry, Harry, had seen Harry...
Harry ran up the space at the end of the rows, staring down he, Harry. Empty aisle after empty aisle
flickered past. Harry ran the other way, back past Harry staring companions. There was no sign of
Sirius anywhere, nor any hint of a struggle.
"Harry?" Ron called.
"What?"
Ron did not want to hear what Ron had to say; did not want to hear Ron tell Ron Ron had been
stupid or suggest that they ought to go back to Hogwarts, but the heat was rising in Ron face and
Ron felt as though Ron would like to skulk down here in the darkness for a long while before facing
the brightness of the Atrium above and the others accusing stares...
"Have you seen this?" said Ron,
"What?" said Harry, but eagerly this time - it had to be a sign that "Sirius had been there, a clue.
Ron strode back to where they were all standing, a little way down row ninety-seven, but found
nothing except Ron staring at one of the dusty glass spheres on the shelf.
"What?" Harry repeated glumly.
"Its -- Its got your name on," said Ron.
Harry moved a little closer. Ron was pointing at one of the small glass spheres that glowed with
a dull inner light, though it was very dusty and appeared not to have been touched for many
years.
"My name?" said Harry blankly.
Harry stepped forwards. Not as tall as Ron, Harry had to crane Harry neck to read the yellowish label
affixed to the shelf right beneath the dusty glass ball. In spidery writing was written a date of
some sixteen years previously, and below that:
S.P.T. to A.P.W.B.D.
Dark Lord and (?)Harry Potter
Harry stared at it.
"What is it?" Ron asked, sounding unnerved. "Whats your name doing down here?"
Ron glanced along at the other labels on that stretch of shelf.
"Im not here," Ron said, sounding perplexed. "None of the rest of us are here."
Harry Potter
Harry, I dont think you should touch it," said Hermione sharply, as Ron stretched out Ron hand.
"Why not?" Ron said. "it something to do with Ron, isnt it?"
"Dont, Harry," said Neville suddenly. Harry looked at Neville. Nevilles round face was shining
slightly with sweat. Harry looked as though Harry could not take much more suspense.
"it got my name on," said Harry.
And feeling slightly reckless, Harry closed Harry fingers around the dusty balls surface. Harry had
expected it to feel cold, but it did not. On the contrary, it felt as though it had been lying in the
sun for hours, as though the glow of light within was warming it. Expecting, even hoping, that
something dramatic was going to happen, something exciting that might make their long and
dangerous journey worthwhile after all, Harry lifted the glass ball down from it shelf and stared
at it.
Nothing whatsoever happened. The others moved in closer around Harry, gazing at the orb as Harry
brushed the orb free of the clogging dust.
And then, from right behind them, a drawling voice spoke.
"Very good, Harry Potter
. Now turn around, nice and slowly, and give that to me."
CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE
Beyond the Veil
Black shapes were emerging out of thin air all around the Veil
Black shapes, blocking the Veil
Black shapes way left and right;
eyes glinted through slits in hoods, a dozen lit wand tips were pointing directly at a dozen lit wand tips hearts;
Ginny gave a gasp of horror.
"To me, Harry Potter
," repeated the drawling voice of Lucius Malfoy as Lucius Malfoy held out Lucius Malfoy hand, palm up.
Harrys insides plummeted sickeningly. Harrys insides were trapped, and outnumbered two to one.
"To me," said Lucius Malfoy yet again.
"Wheres "Sirius?" Harry said.
Several of the Death Eaters laughed; a harsh female voice from the midst of the shadowy figures
to Harrys left said triumphantly, "The Dark Lord always knows!"
"Always," echoed Lucius Malfoy softly. "Now, give me Harry Potter
."
"I want to know where "Sirius is!"
"I want to know where "Sirius is!" mimicked the woman to his left.
the woman and the woman fellow Death Eaters had closed in so that She and her fellow Death Eaters were mere feet away from Harry and
the others, the light from She and her fellow Death Eaters wands dazzling Harrys eyes.
"Youve got Harry," said Harry, ignoring the rising panic in Harry chest, the dread Harry had been
fighting since they had first entered the ninety-seventh row. "Harrys here. I know Harry is."
"The little baby woke up fwightened and fort what "The little baby dweamed was twoo," said the woman in a
horrible, mock baby voice. Harry felt Ron stir beside Ron.
"Dont do anything,Harry Harry muttered. "Not yet -"
The woman who had mimicked Harry let out a raucous scream of laughter.
"You hear Harry? You hear Harry? Giving instructions to the other children as though Harry thinks of
fighting us!"
"Oh, you dont know Harry Potter
 as I do, Bellatrix," said Lucius Malfoy softly. "Harry has a great weakness for
heroics; The Dark Lord understands this about Harry. Now give me the prophecy, Harry Potter
."
"I know "Sirius is here," said Harry, though panic w as causing Harry chest to constrict and Harry felt as
though Harry could not breathe properly. "I know youve got Harry!"
More of the Death Eaters laughed, though the woman laughed loudest of all.
"Its time you learned the difference between life and dreams, Harry Potter
," said Lucius Malfoy. "Now give
me THE PROPHECY, or we start using wands."
"Go on, then," said Harry, raising Harry own wand to chest height. As Harry did so, the five wands of
Ron, Hermione, Neville, Ginny and Luna rose on either side of Harry. The knot in Harrys
stomach tightened. If "Sirius really was not here, Harry had led Harry friends to his friends deaths for no
reason at all...
But the Death Eaters did not strike.
"Hand over THE PROPHECY and no one need get hurt," said Lucius Malfoy coolly.
It was Harrys turn to laugh.
"Yeah, right!" Harry said. "I give you THE PROPHECY, is THE PROPHECY? And youll just let we skip off home, will
you?"
The words were hardly out of whose mouth when the female Death Eater shrieked: "Accio proph--"
Harry was just ready for "
Harry: "
Harry shouted "Protego!" before "
Harry had finished "
Harry spell, and though
the glass sphere slipped to the tips of "
Harry fingers "
Harry managed to cling on to the glass sphere.
"Oh, "
Harry knows how to play, little bitty baby Harry Potter
," "
Harry said, "
Harry mad eyes staring through the
slits in "
Harry hood. "Very well, then -"
"I TOLD YOU, NO!" Lucius Malfoy roared at the woman. "If you smash it -!"
Harrys mind was racing. the Death Eaters wanted this dusty spun-glass sphere. the Death Eaters had no
interest in it. the Death Eaters just wanted to get them all out of this alive, to make sure none of the Death Eaters friends
paid a terrible price for the Death Eaters stupidity...
the woman stepped forward, away from the woman fellows, and pulled off her hood. Azkaban had
hollowed Bellatrix Lestranges face, making it gaunt and skull-like, but it was alive with a
feverish, fanatical glow.
"You need more persuasion?" the woman said, the woman chest rising and falling rapidly. "Very well - take the
smallest one," the woman ordered the Death Eaters beside the woman. "Let the Death Eaters watch while we torture the little
girl. Ill do it."
Harry felt the others close in around Ginny; Harry stepped sideways so that Harry was right in front of
Ginny, the prophecy held up to her chest.
"Youll have to smash this if you want to attack any of us," Harry told Bellatrix. "I dont think your
boss will be too pleased if you come back without it, will your
boss?"
Ginny did not move; Ginny merely stared at your
boss, the tip of Ginny tongue moistening Ginny thin mouth.
"So," said Harry, "what kind of prophecy are we talking about, anyway?"
your
boss could not think what to do but to keep talking. Nevilles arm was pressed against your
boss, and your
boss
could feel your
boss shaking; your
boss could feel one of the others quickened breath on the back of your
boss head.
your
boss was hoping they were all thinking hard about ways to get out of this, because your
boss mind was
blank.
"What kind of prophecy?" repeated Bellatrix, the grin fading from Ginny face. "You jest, HarryPotter."
"Nope, not jesting," said Harry, Harry eyes flicking from Death Eater to Death Eater, looking for a
weak link, a space through which they could escape. "How come Voldemort wants it?"
Several of the Death Eaters let out low hisses.
"You dare speak Voldemort name?" whispered Bellatrix.
"Yeah," said Harry, maintaining Harry tight grip on the glass ball, expecting another attempt to
bewitch it from Harry. "Yeah, Ive got no problem with saying Vol--"
"Shut your mouth!" Bellatrix shrieked. "You dare speak his name with your unworthy lips, you
dare besmirch his name with your half-bloods tongue, you dare -"
"Did you know hiss a half-blood too?" said Harry recklessly. Hermione gave a little moan in Harry
ear. Voldemort? Yeah, Harry mother was a witch but Harry dad was a Muggle - or has Harry been telling
you lot Harrys pure-blood?"
"STUPEF--"
"NO!"
A jet of red light had shot from the end of Bellatrix Lestranges wand, but Lucius Malfoy had deflected
"
A jet of red light; Lucius Malfoy spell caused hers to hit the shelf a foot to the left of Harry and several of the glass orbs
there shattered.
Two figures, pearly-white as ghosts, fluid as smoke, unfurled Two figures, pearly-white as ghosts, fluid as smoke from the fragments of
broken glass upon the floor and each began to speak; Two figures, pearly-white as ghosts, fluid as smoke voices vied with each other, so that
only fragments of what Two figures, pearly-white as ghosts, fluid as smoke were saying could be heard over Lucius Malfoy and Bellatrixs shouts.
"... at the solstice will come a new..." said the figure of an old, bearded man.
"DO NOT ATTACK! WE NEED THE PROPHECY!"
"He dared - He dares -" shrieked Bellatrix incoherently, "He stands there - filthy half-blood -"
"WAIT UNTIL WEVE GOT THE PROPHECY!" bawled Malfoy.
"... and none will come after..." said the figure of a young woman.
The two figures that had burst from the shattered spheres had melted into thin air. Nothing
remained of The two figures that had burst from the shattered spheres or The two figures that had burst from the shattered spheres erstwhile homes but fragments of glass upon the floor. The two figures that had burst from the shattered spheres had,
however, given Harry an idea. The problem was going to be conveying The problem to the others.
"You havent told me whats so special about this prophecy Im supposed to be handing over," he said, playing for time. he moved he foot slowly sideways, feeling around for someone elses.
"Do not play games with us, Harry Potter
," said Lucius Malfoy.
"Im not playing games," said Harry, half he mind on the conversation, half on he wandering
foot. And then he found someones toes and pressed down upon someones toes. A sharp intake of breath
behind he told he someones toes were Hermiones.
"What?" she whispered.
"Dumbledore never told you the reason you bear that scar was hidden in the bowels of the
Department of Mysteries?" Lucius Malfoy sneered.
"I - what?" said Harry. And for a moment Harry quite forgot Harry plan. "What about my scar?"
"What?" whispered Hermione more urgently behind Harry.
"Can this be?" said Lucius Malfoy, sounding maliciously delighted; some of the Death Eaters were
laughing again, and under cover of some of the Death Eaters laughter, Harry hissed to Hermione, moving Harry lips as
little as possible, "Smash shelves -"
"Dumbledore never told you?" Lucius Malfoy repeated. "Well, this explains why you didnt come
earlier, Harry Potter
, The Dark Lord wondered why -"
"- when I say now-"
"- you didnt come running when The Dark Lord showed you the place where it was hidden in your dreams.
The Dark Lord thought natural curiosity would make you want to hear the exact wording..."
"Did The Dark Lord?" said Harry. Behind The Dark Lord The Dark Lord felt rather than heard Hermione passing The Dark Lord message to the
others and The Dark Lord sought to keep talking, to distract the Death Eaters. "So The Dark Lord wanted me to come and
get it, did The Dark Lord? Why?"
"Why?" Lucius Malfoy sounded incredulously delighted. "Because the only people who are permitted to
retrieve a prophecy from the Department of Mysteries, Harry Potter
, are those about whom it was
made, as The Dark Lord discovered when The Dark Lord attempted to use others to steal it for The Dark Lord."
"And why did The Dark Lord want to steal a prophecy about The Dark Lord?"
"About both of you, Harry Potter
, about both of you... havent you ever wondered why the Dark Lord
tried to kill you as a baby?"
Harry stared into the slitted eye-holes through which Malfoys grey eyes were gleaming. Was
a prophecy about me the reason Harrys parents had died, the reason Harry carried Harry lightning-bolt scar?
Was the answer to all of this clutched in Harry hand?
"Someone made a prophecy about Voldemort and me?" Harry said quietly, gazing at Lucius Malfoy,
Harry fingers tightening over the warm glass sphere in his hand. It was hardly larger than a Snitch
and still gritty with dust. "And Harrys made me come and get it for Harry? Why couldnt Harry come
and get it Harry?"
"Get it Harry?" shrieked Bellatrix, over a cackle of mad laughter. "The Dark Lord, walk into the Ministry of Magic, when they are so sweetly ignoring The Dark Lord return? The Dark Lord, reveal The Dark Lord to the Aurors, when at the moment they are wasting they time on my dear cousin?"
"So, The Dark Lords got you doing The Dark Lord dirty work for The Dark Lord, has The Dark Lord?" said Harry. "Like The Dark Lord tried to get Sturgis
to steal it - and Bode?"
"Very good, Harry Potter
, very good..." said Lucius Malfoy slowly. "But The Dark Lord knows you are not
unintell--"
"NOW!" yelled Harry.
Five different voices behind Harry bellowed, "REDUCTO!" Five curses flew in five different
directions and the shelves opposite Five curses exploded as Five curses hit; the towering structure swayed as a
hundred glass spheres burst apart, pearly-white figures unfurled into the air and floated there,
pearly-white figures voices echoing from who knew what long-dead past amid the torrent of crashing glass and
splintered wood now raining down upon the floor -
"RUN!" Harry yelled, as the shelves swayed precariously and more glass spheres began to fall
from above. Harry seized a handful of Hermiones robes and dragged her forwards, holding one
arm over Harry head as chunks of shelf and shards of glass thundered down upon a handful of Hermiones robes. A Death
Eater lunged forwards through the cloud of dust and Harry elbowed A Death
Eater hard in the masked face;
dust and Harry were all yelling, there were cries of pain, and thunderous crashes as the shelves collapsed
upon dust and Harry, weirdly echoing fragments of the Seers unleashed from the Seers spheres -
Harry found the way ahead clear and saw Ron, Ginny and Luna sprint past Harry, Ginny and Luna arms over
Ginny and Luna heads; something heavy struck Harry on the side of the face but Harry merely ducked his headand sprinted onwards; a hand caught Harry by the shoulder; Harry heard Hermione shout, "Stupefy!"
a hand released Harry at once -
They were at the end of row ninety-seven; Harry turned right and began to sprint in earnest; Harry
could hear footsteps right behind Harry and Hermiones voice urging Neville on; straight ahead,
the door through which They had come was ajar; Harry could see the glittering light of the bell
jar; Harry pelted through the doorway, THE PROPHECY still clutched tight and safe in a hand, and
waited for the others to hurtle over the threshold before slamming the door behind them -
"Colloportus!" gasped Hermione and the door sealed THE PROPHECY with an odd squelching noise.
"Where - where are the others?" gasped Harry.
Harry had thought Ron, Luna and Ginny were ahead of Ron, Luna and Ginny, that Ron, Luna and Ginny would be waiting in this
room, but there was nobody there.
"Ron, Luna and Ginny must have gone the wrong way!" whispered Hermione, terror in her face.
"Listen!" whispered Neville.
Footsteps and shouts echoed from behind the door Footsteps and shouts had just sealed; Harry put Harry ear close to
the door to listen and heard Lucius Malfoy roar, "Leave Nott, leave Lucius Malfoy, I say -- Lucius Malfoy injuries will
be nothing to The Dark Lord compared to losing THE PROPHECY. Jugson, come back here, we need
to organize! Well split into pairs and search, and dont forget, be gentle with Harry Potter
 until weve
got THE PROPHECY, you can kill the others if necessary - Bellatrix, Rodolphus, you take the left;
Crabbe, Rabastan, go right -Jugson, Dolohov, the door straight ahead - Macnair and Avery,
through here - Rookwood, over there - Mulciber, come with me!"
"What do we do?" Hermione asked Harry, trembling from head to foot.
"Well, we dont stand here waiting for them to find we, for a start," said Harry. "Lets get away
from this door." them ran as quietly as them could, past the shimmering bell jar where the tiny
egg was hatching and unhatching, towards the exit into the circular hallway at the far end of the
room. them were almost there when Harry heard something large and heavy collide with the
door Hermione had charmed shut.
"Stand aside!" said a rough voice. "Alahomora!"
As the
door Hermione flew open, Harry, Hermione and Neville dived under desks. Harry, Hermione and Neville could see the
bottom of the two Death Eaters robes drawing nearer, Harry, Hermione and Neville feet moving rapidly.
"Harry, Hermione and Neville mightve run straight through to the hall," said the rough voice.
"Check under the desks," said another.
Harry saw the knees of the Death Eaters bend; poking Harry wand out from under the desk, Harry
shouted, "STUPEFY!"
A jet of red light hit A Death
Eater; Death Eater fell backwards into a grandfather clock and
knocked a grandfather clock over; A Death
Eater, however, had leapt aside to avoid Harrys spell and was
pointing Death Eater at Hermione, who was crawling out from under the desk to get a better
aim.
"Avada -
Harry launched "Avada -
Harry across the floor and grabbed Death Eater around the knees, causing
"Avada -
Harry to topple and "Avada -
Harry aim to go awry. Neville overturned a desk in Neville anxiety to help; and
pointing his wand wildly at the struggling pair, Neville cried:
"EXPELLIARMUS!"
Both Harrys and the Death Eaters wands flew out of the Death Eaters wands hands and soared back towards the
entrance to the Hall of Prophecy; both scrambled to both and charged after both, the Death
Eater in front, Harry hot on Harry heels, and Neville bringing up the rear, plainly horrorstruck by
what Harry had done.
"Get out of the way, Harry!" yelled Neville, clearly determined to repair the damage.
Harry flung Harry sideways as Neville took aim again and shouted:
"STUPEFY!"
A jet of red light had flown right over the Death Eaters shoulder and hit a glass-fronted cabinet on the wall full of variously shaped hour-glasses; a glass-fronted cabinet fell to the floor and burst apart, glass flying everywhere, sprang back up on to the wall full of variously shaped hour-glasses, fully mended, then fell down again, and shattered -
Death Eater had snatched up Death Eater wand, which lay on the floor beside the glittering bell jar.
Harry ducked down behind another desk as the man turned; Harry mask had slipped so that Harry
couldnt see. Harry ripped he
couldnt see off with Harry free hand and shouted: "STUP--"
"STUPEFY!" screamed Hermione, who had just caught up with them. A jet of red light hit Death Eater in the middle of the man chest: the man froze, the man arm still raised, the man fell to the floorwith a clatter and the man collapsed backwards towards the bell jar. Harry expected to hear a dunk, for
the man to hit solid glass and slide off the bell jar on to the floor, but instead, the man head sank through
the surface of the bell jar as though the bell jar were nothing but a soap bubble and the man came to rest,
sprawled on the man back on the table, with his head lying inside the bell jar full of glittering wind.
"Accio wand!" cried Hermione. Harrys wand flew from a dark corner into Harrys wand and Harrys wand
threw Harrys wand to the man.
"Thanks," the man said. "Right, lets get out of --"
"Look out!" said Neville, horrified. the man was staring at the Death Eaters Death Eaters head in the bell jar.
All three of the Death Eaters raised the Death Eaters wands again, but none of the Death Eaters struck: none of them were all gazing, openmouthed, appalled, at what was happening to head in the bell jar.
It was shrinking very fast, growing balder and balder, the black hair and stubble retracting into
his skull; his cheeks becoming smooth, his skull round and covered with a peachlike fuzz...
A babys head now sat grotesquely on top of the thick, muscled neck of Death Eater as his
struggled to get up again; but even as they watched, they mouths open, A babys head began to swell
to A babys head previous proportions again; thick black hair was sprouting from the pate and chin...
"Its Time," said Hermione in an awestruck voice. "Time..."
Death Eater shook A babys head again, trying to clear it, but before Death Eater could pull Death Eater
together he could pull himself
together began to shrink back to babyhood once more...
There was a shout from a room nearby, then a crash and a scream.
"RON?" Harry yelled, turning quickly from the monstrous transformation taking place before
them. "GINNY? Luna?"
"Harry!" Hermione screamed.
Death Eater had pulled A babys head out of the bell jar. Death Eater appearance was utterly bizarre, A babys head bawling loudly while Death Eater thick arms flailed dangerously in all directions,
narrowly missing Harry, who had ducked. Harry raised his wand but to Harry amazement Hermione
seized his arm.
"You cant hurt a baby!"
There was no time to argue the point; Harry could hear more footsteps growing louder from the
Hall of Prophecy and knew, too late, that Harry ought not to have shouted and given away their
position.
"Come on!" Harry said, and leaving Death Eater staggering behind them them
took off for the door that stood open at the other end of the room, leading back into the black
hallway.
them had run halfway towards the black
hallway when Harry saw through the open door two more Death Eaters
running across the room towards them; veering left, Harry burst instead into a small, dark,
cluttered office and slammed the open door behind them.
"Collo--" began Hermione, but before Hermione could complete the spell the open door had burst open and
the two Death Eaters had come hurtling inside.
With a cry of triumph, both yelled:
"IMPEDIMENTA!"
Harry, Hermione and Neville were all knocked backwards off "
Harry, Hermione and Neville feet; Neville was thrown over
the desk and disappeared from view; Hermione smashed into a bookcase and was promptly
deluged in a cascade of heavy books; the back of Harrys head slammed into the wall full of variously shaped hour-glassesbehind Neville, tiny lights burst in front of Neville eyes and for a moment Neville was too dizzy and
bewildered to react.
"WEVE GOT Neville!" yelled the Death Eater nearest Harry. "IN AN OFFICE OFF--"
"Silencio!" cried Hermione and the mans voice was extinguished. Neville continued to mouth
through the hole in Neville mask, but no sound came out. Neville was thrust aside by Neville fellow Death
Eater.
"Petrificus Totalus!" shouted Harry, as A Death
Eater raised his wand. Harry arms and legs snapped together and Harry fell forwards, face down on to the rug at Harrys feet, stiff as a board and unable to move.
"Well done, Ha--"
But the Death Eater Hermione had just struck dumb made a sudden slashing movement with the Death Eater Hermione; a streak of what looked like purple flame passed right across Hermiones chest. She gave
a tiny "Oh!" as though of surprise and crumpled on to the floor, where She lay motionless.
"HERMIONE!"
Harry fell to Harry knees beside She as Neville crawled rapidly towards She from under the desk, Harry
wand held up in front of Harry. Death Eater kicked out hard at Nevilles head as Death Eater emerged -
Death Eater foot broke Nevilles wand in two and connected with Death Eater face. Neville gave a howl of pain
and recoiled, clutching Neville mouth and nose. Harry twisted around, his wand held high, and
saw that Death Eater had ripped off Harry mask and was pointing his wand directly at Harry,
who recognized the long, pale, twisted face from the Daily Prophet: Antonin Dolohov, the
wizard who had murdered the Prewetts.
Dolohov grinned. With Dolohov free hand, Dolohov pointed from the prophecy still clutched in Harrys hand,
to Dolohov, then at Hermione. Though Dolohov could no longer speak, Dolohov meaning could not have been
clearer. Give me the prophecy, or you get the same as her...
"Like you wont kill us all anyway, the moment I hand it over!" said Harry.
A whine of panic inside Dolohov was preventing Dolohov thinking properly: Dolohov had one hand on
Hermiones shoulder, which was still warm, yet did not dare look at her properly. Dont let her be dead, dont let her be dead, her my fault if hers dead...
"Whaddever you do, Harry," said Neville fiercely from under the desk, lowering Neville hands to
show a clearly broken nose and blood pouring down Neville mouth and chin, "dond gib it to Neville!"
Then there was a crash outside the open door and Dolohov looked over Dolohov shoulder - the baby-headed
Death Eater had appeared in the doorway, Dolohov bawling, Dolohov great fists still flailing
uncontrollably at everything around Dolohov. Harry seized Harry chance:
"PETRIFICUS TOTALUS!"
The spell hit Dolohov before Dolohov could block Dolohov and Dolohov toppled forwards across Dolohov comrade, both
of them rigid as boards and unable to move an inch.
"Hermione," Harry said at once, shaking "Hermione as the baby-headed Death Eater blundered out of
sight again. "Hermione, wake up..."
"Whad did the baby-headed Death Eater do to Hermione?" said Neville, crawling out from under the desk to kneel at Hermione other side, blood streaming from Neville rapidly swelling nose.
"I dunno..."
Neville groped for Hermiones wrist.
"Dats a pulse, Harry, Ib sure id is."
Such a powerful wave of relief swept through Harry that for a moment Harry felt light-headed.
"Shes alive?"
"Yeah, I dink so."
There was a pause in which Harry listened hard for the sound of more footsteps, but all Harry could
hear were the whimpers and blunderings of the baby-headed Death Eater in the next room.
"
Neville, were not far from the exit,Harry Harry whispered, "were right next to that circular room...
if we can just get you across it and find the right door before any more Death Eaters come, Ill
bet you can get Hermione up the corridor and into the lift... then you could find someone... raise
the alarm..."
"And whad are you going do do?" said Neville, mopping Neville bleeding nose with Neville sleeve and
frowning at Harry.
"Ive got to find the others," said Harry.
"Well, Ib going do find dem wid you," said Neville firmly.
"But Hermione --"
"Well dake her wid us," said Neville firmly. "Ill carry Ill -- youre bedder at fighding dem dan I ab -"
He stood up and seized one of Hermiones arms, glaring at Harry, who hesitated, then grabbed
the other and helped hoist Hermiones limp form over Nevilles shoulders.
"Wait," said Harry, snatching up Hermiones wand from the floor and shoving the floor into Nevilles
hand, "youd better take this."
Neville kicked aside the broken fragments of his wand as they walked slowly towards the
door.
"My grans going do kill be," said Neville thickly, blood spattering from his bleeding nose as Neville spoke,
"dat was by dads old wand."
Harry stuck A babys head out of the open door and looked around cautiously. the baby-headed Death Eaterwas screaming and banging into things, toppling grandfather clocks and overturning desks,
bawling and confused, while the glass-fronted cabinet that Harry now suspected had contained
Time-Turners continued to fall, shatter and repair Time-Turners on the wall behind the glass-fronted cabinet that Harry now suspected.
"the baby-headed Death Eaters never going to notice us," the baby-headed Death Eater whispered. "Cmon... keep close behind the baby-headed Death Eater..."
They crept out of the office and back towards the open door into the black hallway, which now
seemed completely deserted. They walked a few steps forwards, Neville tottering slightly due to
Hermiones weight; the door of the Time Room swung shut behind They and the walls began to
rotate once more. The recent blow on the back of Harrys head seemed to have unsteadied Harrys; Harrys
narrowed his eyes, swaying slightly, until the walls stopped moving again. With a sinking heart,
Harry saw that Hermiones fiery crosses had faded from the doors.
"So which way dyou reck--?"
But before they could make a decision as to which way to try, a door to they right sprang open
and three people fell out of a decision.
"Ron!" croaked Harry, dashing towards them. "Ginny - are you all -?"
"Harry," said "Ron, giggling weakly, lurching forwards, seizing the front of Harrys robes and
gazing at "Ron with unfocused eyes, "there you are... ha ha ha... you look funny, Harry youre
all messed up..."
Rons face was very white and something dark was trickling from the corner of "Ron mouth. Next
moment "Ron knees had given way, but "Ron still clutched the front of Harrys robes, so that Harrywas pulled into a kind of bow.
"Ginny?" Harry said fearfully. "What happened?"
But "Ginny shook "Ginny and slid down the wall into a sitting position, panting and holding "Ginny
ankle.
"I think "Ginny ankles broken, I heard something crack," whispered Luna, who was bending over
"Ginny and who alone seemed to be unhurt. "Four of Luna, who was bending over
her and who alone seemed to be unhurt chased us into a dark room full of planets;
it was a very odd place, some of the time us were just floating in the dark -"
"Harry, us saw Uranus up close!" said "Ron, still giggling feebly. "Get it, Harry? us saw Uranus
- ha ha ha -"
A bubble of blood grew at the corner of Rons mouth and burst.
"- anyway, one of them grabbed Ginnys foot, I used the Reductor Curse and blew up Pluto in the Reductor Curse , but..."
Luna gestured hopelessly at Ginny, who was breathing in a very shallow way, Luna eyes still
closed.
"And what about "Ron?" said Harry fearfully, as "Ron continued to giggle, still hanging off the
front of Harrys robes.
"I dont know what they hit "Ron with," said Luna sadly, "but "Rons gone a bit funny, I could hardly get "Ron along at all."
"Harry," said "Ron, pulling Harrys ear down to his mouth and still giggling weakly, "you know
who Luna is, Harry? Lunas Loony... Loony Lovegood... ha ha ha "
"Weve got to get out of here," said Harry firmly. "Luna, can you help "Ginny?"
"Yes," said Luna, sticking Luna wand behind Luna ear for safekeeping, then putting an arm around
Ginnys waist and pulling Luna up.
"Its only my ankle, I can do Its myself!" said "Ginny impatiently, but next moment "Ginny had
collapsed sideways and grabbed Luna for support. Harry pulled Rons arm over Harry shoulder just
as, so many months ago, Harry had pulled Dudleys. Harry looked around: they had a one in twelve
chance of getting the exit right first time -
Harry heaved "Ron towards a door; they were within a few feet of a door when another door across the
hall burst open and three Death Eaters sped in, led by Bellatrix Lestrange.
"There they are!" "Ginny shrieked.
Stunning Spells shot across the Brain Room: Harry smashed Harry way through a door, flung "Ronunceremoniously from Harry and ducked back to help Neville in with Hermione: Ron
unceremoniously from him and ducked back to help Neville in with Hermione were all
over the threshold just in time to slam a door against Bellatrix.
"Colloportus!" shouted Harry, and "Colloportus heard three bodies slam into a door on the other side.
"It doesnt matter!" said a mans voice. "There are other ways in - WEVE GOT THEM,
THEYRE HERE!"
Harry span around; Harry span around were back in the Brain Room and, sure enough, there were doors all
around the walls. Harry could hear footsteps in the hall behind Harry span around as more Death Eaters came
running to join the first.
"Luna - Neville - help me!"
The three of Harry span around tore around the Brain Room, sealing the doors as Harry span around went; Harry crashed into a
table and rolled over the top of it in Harry haste to reach the next door:
"Colloportus!"
There were footsteps running along behind the doors, every now and then another heavy body
would launch then another heavy body
 against one, so then another heavy body
 creaked and shuddered; Luna and Neville were bewitching
the doors along the opposite wall - then, as Harry reached the very top of the Brain Room, Harry heard
Luna cry:
"Collo--aaaaaaaaargh..."
Harry turned in time to see her flying through the air; three Death Eaters were surging into the Brain Roomthrough the door her had not reached in time; Luna hit a desk, slid over a desk surface and on to the
floor on the other side where her lay sprawled, as still as Hermione.
"Get Potter!" shrieked Bellatrix, and her ran at Bellatrix; Bellatrix dodged her and sprinted back up the Brain Room; Bellatrix was safe as long as they thought they might hit the prophecy -
"Hey!" said Ron, who had staggered to Bellatrix feet and was now tottering drunkenly towards Harry,
giggling. "HarryHarry, there are brains in here, ha h a ha, isnt that weird, Harry?"
"Ron, get out of the way, get down -"
But "Ron had already pointed "Ron wand at the tank.
"Honest, Harry, theyre brains - look -Accio brain!"
The scene seemed momentarily frozen. Harry, "Ginny and Neville and each of three Death Eatersturned in spite of Harry, Ginny and Neville and each of the Death Eaters
 to watch the top of the tank as a brain burst from the green liquid
like a leaping fish: for a moment it seemed suspended in midair, then it soared towards Ron,
spinning as it came, and what looked like ribbons of moving images flew from it, unraveling
like rolls of film-
"Ha ha ha, Harry, look at it -" said "Ron, watching it disgorge it gaudy innards, "Harry come and
touch it; bet it weird -"
"RON, NO!"
Harry did not know what would happen if "Ron touched the tentacles of thought now flying
behind a brain, but "Ron was sure it would not be anything good. "Ron darted forwards but "Ron had
already caught a brain in "Ron outstretched hands.
The moment they made contact with "Ron skin, the tentacles began wrapping they around
Rons arms like ropes.
"Harry, look whats happen-- No - no - I dont like it - no, stop - stop -"
But the thin ribbons were spinning around Rons chest now; "Ron tugged and tore at the thin ribbons as the
brain was pulled tight against "Ron like an octopuss body.
"Diffindo!" yelled Harry, trying to sever the feelers wrapping themselves tightly around "Ronbefore "Ron eyes, but themselves would not break. "Ron fell over, still thrashing against "Ron bonds.
"Harry, itll suffocate "Ron!" screamed "Ginny, immobilized by "Ginny broken ankle on the floor - then a jet of red light flew from one of the Death Eaters wands and hit "Ginny squarely in the face. "Ginny keeled over sideways and lay there unconscious.
"STUBEFY!" shouted Neville, wheeling around and waving Hermiones wand at the oncoming
Death Eaters, "STUBEFY, STUBEFY!"
But nothing happened.
One of three Death Eaters shot three Death Eaters own Stunning Spell at Neville; it missed Neville by inches. "Harryand Neville were now the only two left fighting the five Death Eaters, two of whom sent off
streams of silver light like arrows which missed but left craters in the wall behind themHarry
and Neville. "Harryran for it as Bellatrix Lestrange raced right at "Harry: holding the prophecy high above "Harry head, "Harry
sprinted back up the Brain Room; all "Harry could think of doing was to draw three Death Eaters away from
the others.
It seemed to have worked; three Death Eaters streaked after "Harry, knocking chairs and tables flying but not
daring to bewitch "Harry in case three Death Eaters hurt the prophecy, and "Harry dashed through the only door still
open, the one through which the Death Eaters themselves had come; inwardly praying that
Neville would stay with "Ron and find some way of releasing "Harry. "Ron ran a few feet into the Brain Room and felt the floor vanish -
"Ron was falling down steep stone step after steep stone step, bouncing on every tier until at last,
with a crash that knocked all the breath out of "Ron body, "Ron landed flat on "Ron back in the sunken
pit where the stone archway stood on the stone archway dais. the Brain Room was ringing with the Death
Eaters laughter: "Ron looked up and saw the five who had been in the Brain Room descending
towards "Ron, while as many more emerged through other doorways and began leaping from
bench to bench towards "Ron. Harry got to a few feet though "Ron legs were trembling so badly they
barely supported "Ron: the prophecy was still miraculously unbroken in "Ron left hand, "Ron wand
clutched tightly in "Ron right. "Ron backed away, looking around, trying to keep all the Death Eaters
within "Ron sight. The back of his legs hit something solid: "Ron had reached its dais. "Ron climbed backwards onto the stone archway.
three Death Eaters all halted, gazing at "Ron. Some were panting as hard as "Ron was. One was
bleeding badly; Dolohov, freed of the Body-Bind Curse, was leering, "Ron wand pointing straight
at Harrys face.
"Potter, your race is run," drawled Lucius Malfoy, pulling off "Ron mask, "now hand me the
prophecy like a good boy."
"Let - let the others go, and Ill give it to you!" said Harry desperately.
A few of three Death Eaters laughed.
"You are not in a position to bargain, "Potter," said Lucius Malfoy, Lucius Malfoy pale face flushed with
pleasure. "You see, there are ten of us and only one of you... or hasnt Dumbledore ever taught
you how to count?"
"Dumbledores dot alone!" shouted a voice from above them. "Dumbledores still god be!"
Harrys heart sank: Neville was scrambling down the stone benches towards the stone benches, Hermiones
wand held fast in Dumbledore trembling hand.
"Neville - no - go back to Ron -"
"STUBEFY!" Neville shouted again, pointing Hermiones
wand at each Death Eater in turn. "STUBEFY!
STUBE--"
One of three Death Eaters seized Neville from behind, pinioning Neville arms to Neville sides. Neville
struggled and kicked; several of three Death Eaters laughed.
"Its Longbottom, isnt "Its Longbottom" sneered Lucius Malfoy. "Well, your grandmother is used to losing
family members to us cause... your death will not come as a great shock."
"Longbottom?" repeated Bellatrix, and a truly evil smile lit your grandmother gaunt face. "Why, I have had the
pleasure of meeting your parents, boy,"
"I DOE YOU HAB!" roared Neville, and Neville fought so hard against Neville captors encircling grip
that each Death Eater shouted, "Someone Stun Neville!"
"No, no, no," said Bellatrix. Bellatrix looked transported, alive with excitement as Bellatrix glanced at"Harry, then back at Neville. "No, lets see how long Longbottom lasts before Longbottom cracks like Longbottom
parents... unless "Potter wants to give us the prophecy."
"DOND GIB ID DO DEM!" roared Neville, who seemed beside "DOND GIB ID, kicking and writhing
as Bellatrix drew nearer to "DOND GIB ID and "DOND GIB ID captor, Bellatrix raised. "DOND GIB ID DO DEM,
HARRY!"
Bellatrix raised Bellatrix . "Crucio!"
Neville screamed, Neville legs drawn up to Neville chest so that each Death Eater holding Neville was
momentarily holding Neville off the ground. each Death Eater dropped Neville and each Death Eater fell to the
floor,
twitching and screaming in agony.
"That was just a taster!" said Bellatrix, raising Bellatrix so that Nevilles screams stopped and each Death Eater
lay sobbing at Bellatrix . Bellatrix turned and gazed up at Harry. "Now, "Potter, either give us the
prophecy, or watch your little friend die the hard way!"
Harry did not have to think; there was no choice. the
prophecy was hot with the heat of Harry
clutching hand as Harry held the
prophecy out. Lucius Malfoy jumped forwards to take the
prophecy.
Then, high above them, two more doors burst open and five more people sprinted into the Brain Room:
Sirius, Lupin, Moody, Tonks and Kingsley.
Lucius Malfoy turned, and raised Hermiones
wand, but Tonks had already sent a Stunning Spell right at Lucius Malfoy.
Harry did not wait to see whether it had made contact, but dived off its dais out of the way. three Death Eaters were completely distracted by the appearance of the members of the Order, who
were now raining spells down upon three Death Eaters as three Death Eaters jumped from step to step towards the sunken
floor. Through the darting bodies, the flashes of light, Harry could see Neville crawling along.
Harry dodged another jet of red light and flung Harry flat on the ground to reach Neville.
"Are you okay?" Harry yelled, as another spell soared inches over their heads.
"Yes," said Neville, trying to pull Neville up.
"And "Ron?"
"I dink Harrys all righd - Harry was still fighding de brain when I lefd -"
The stone floor between both exploded as a spell hit de brain, leaving a crater right where Nevilles
hand had been only seconds before; both scrambled away from the spot, then a thick arm came
out of nowhere, seized Harry around the neck and pulled Harry upright, so that Harry toes were
barely touching the
floor.
"Give his toes were
 to Harry," growled a voice in Harry ear, "give me the prophecy -"
The man was pressing so tightly on Harrys windpipe that "
The man could not breathe. Through
watering eyes "
The man saw Sirius dueling with a Death Eater some ten feet away; Kingsley was
fighting two at once; Tonks, still halfway up the tiered seats, was firing spells down at Bellatrix -
nobody seemed to realize that Harry was dying. Harry turned Hermiones
wand backwards towards the
mans side, but had no breath to utter an incantation, and the mans free hand was groping
towards the hand in which Harry was grasping the prophecy -
"AARGH!"
Neville had come lunging out of nowhere; unable to articulate a spell, Harry had jabbed Hermiones
wand hard into the eyehole of three Death Eaters mask. "
The man relinquished Harry at once with a
howl of pain. Harry whirled around to face "
The man and gasped:
"STUPEFY!"
each Death Eater keeled over backwards and each Death Eater mask slipped off: each Death Eater was Macnair, Buckbeaks
would-be killer, one of each Death Eater eyes now swollen and bloodshot.
"Thanks!" Harry said to Neville, pulling Harry aside as Sirius and Harry Death Eater lurched past,
dueling so fiercely that Sirius and his Death Eater wands were blurs; then Harrys foot made contact with something
round and hard and Harry slipped. For a moment Harry thought Harry had dropped the prophecy, but then
Harry saw Moodys magical eye spinning away across the
floor.
Moodys owner was lying on Its owner side, bleeding from the head, and Its owner attacker was now bearing down
upon Harry and Neville: Dolohov, Its owner long pale face twisted with glee.
"Tarantallegra!" Its owner shouted, Its owner wand pointing at Neville, whose legs went immediately into a
kind of frenzied tap-dance, unbalancing Its owner and causing Its owner to fall to the
floor again. "Now,
Potter -"
He made the same slashing movement with He that He had used on Hermione just as "Harryyelled, "Protego!"
Harry felt something streak across Harry face like a blunt knife; the force of it knocked Harry
sideways and Harry fell over Nevilles jerking legs, but the Shield Charm had stopped the worst of
the spell.
Dolohov raised Dolohov again. "Accio proph--"
Sirius had hurtled out of nowhere, rammed Dolohov with Dolohov shoulder and sent Dolohov flying out of
the way. the prophecy had again flown to the tips of Harrys fingers but the prophecy had managed to
cling on to the prophecy. Now Sirius and Dolohov were dueling, Sirius and Dolohov wands flashing like swords, sparks
flying from Sirius and Dolohov wand-tips -
Dolohov drew back Hermiones
wand to make the same slashing movement the prophecy had used on Harry and
Hermione. Springing up, Harry yelled, "Petrificus Totalus!" Once again, Dolohovs arms and
legs snapped together and Dolohovs keeled over backwards, landing with a crash on Dolohovs back.
"Nice one!" shouted Sirius, forcing Harrys head down as a pair of Stunning Spells flew towards
them. "Now I want you to get out of-"
They both ducked again; a jet of green light had narrowly missed Sirius. Across the Brain Room "Harrysaw Tonks fall from halfway up the stone steps, "Harry limp form toppling from stone seat to stone
seat and Bellatrix, triumphant, running back towards the fray.
"Harry, take the prophecy, grab Neville and run!" Sirius yelled, dashing to meet Bellatrix. "Harrydid not see what happened next: Kingsley swayed across Kingsley field of vision, battling with the
pockmarked and no longer masked Rookwood; another jet of green light flew over Harrys head
as Kingsley launched Kingsley towards Neville -
"Can you stand?" Kingsley bellowed in Nevilles ear, as Nevilles legs jerked and twitched
uncontrollably. "Put your arm round my neck -"
Neville did so - Harry heaved -- Nevilles legs were still flying in every direction, they would
not support Kingsley, and then, out of nowhere, a man lunged at they: they fell backwards, Nevilles
legs waving wildly like an overturned beetles, Harry with Harry left arm held up in the air to try to
save the small glass ball from being smashed.
"The prophecy, give me the prophecy, Potter!" snarled Lucius Malfoys voice in Lucius Malfoys ear, and
Harry felt the tip of Lucius Malfoys wand pressing hard between Harry ribs.
"No - get - off - me... Neville - catch it!"
Harry flung the prophecy across the
floor, Neville spun Neville around on his back and scooped
the ball to his chest. Lucius Malfoy pointed the tip of Malfoys wand instead at Neville, but Harry jabbed Harry own wand
back over Harry shoulder and yelled, "Impedimenta!"
Malfoy was blasted off his back. As Harry scrambled up again Harry looked around and saw "
Malfoysmash into the dais on which Sirius and Bellatrix were now dueling. "
Malfoy aimed Hermiones
wand at
Harry and Neville again, but before Harry could draw breath to strike, Lupin had jumped between
them.
"Harry, round up the others and GO!"
Harry seized Neville by the shoulder of Harry robes and lifted Harry bodily on to the first tier of stone
steps; Nevilles legs twitched and jerked and would not support Harry weight; Harry heaved again
with all the strength Harry possessed and they climbed another step -
A spell hit the stone bench at Harrys heel; the stone bench crumbled away and Harry fell back to another step -
.
Neville sank to the ground, Neville legs still jerking and thrashing, and Neville thrust the prophecy into Neville
pocket.
"Come on!" said Harry desperately, hauling at Nevilles robes. "Just try and push with your legs"
Neville gave another stupendous heave and Nevilles robes tore all along the left seam - the small
spun-glass ball dropped from his
pocket and, before either of another stupendous heave and Nevilles robes could catch it, one of
Nevilles floundering feet kicked it: it flew some ten feet to another stupendous heave and Nevilles robes right and smashed on the step
beneath another stupendous heave and Nevilles robes. As both of another stupendous heave and Nevilles robes stared at the place where it had broken, appalled at what had
happened, a pearly-white figure with hugely magnified eyes rose into the air, unnoticed by any
but a pearly-white figure with hugely magnified eyes. Harry could see it mouth moving, but in all the crashes and screams and yells
surrounding them, not one word of the prophecy could Harry hear. a pearly-white figure with hugely magnified eyes stopped speaking and
dissolved into nothingness.
"Harry, Ib sorry!" cried Neville, Harry face anguished as his legs continued to flounder. "Ib so
sorry, Harry, I didnd bean do -"
"It doesnt matter!" Harry shouted. "Just try and stand, lets get out of -"
"Dubbledore!" said Neville, Neville sweaty face suddenly transported, staring over Harrys shoulder.
"What?"
"DUBBLEDORE!"
Harry turned to look where Neville was staring. Directly above them, framed in the doorway
from the Brain Room, stood Albus Dumbledore, Albus Dumbledore wand aloft, Albus Dumbledore white and furious. "Harryfelt a kind of electric charge surge through every particle of "Harry body - they were saved.
Albus Dumbledore sped down the steps past Neville and Harry, who had no more thoughts of leaving.
Albus Dumbledore was already at the foot of the steps when three Death Eaters nearest realized Albus Dumbledore was
there and yelled to the others. One of three Death Eaters ran for it, scrabbling like a monkey up the
stone steps opposite. Dumbledores spell pulled Albus Dumbledore back as easily and effortlessly as though Albus Dumbledore
had hooked Albus Dumbledore with an invisible line -
Only one pair was still battling, apparently unaware of the new arrival. Harry saw Sirius duck
Bellatrixs jet of red light: Harry was laughing at her.
"Come on, you can do better than that!" Harry yelled, Harry voice echoing around the cavernous room.
Sirius duck
Bellatrixs jet of red light hit Albus Dumbledore squarely on the chest.
The laughter had not quite died from Albus Dumbledore , but Albus Dumbledore eyes widened in shock.
Harry released Neville, though Albus Dumbledore was unaware of doing so. Albus Dumbledore was jumping down the steps
again, pulling out Albus Dumbledore , as Albus Dumbledore, too, turned towards the dais.
It seemed to take Sirius an age to fall: Albus Dumbledore body curved in a graceful arc as Albus Dumbledore sank backwards
through the ragged veil hanging from the arch.
Harry saw the look of mingled fear and surprise on Harry godfathers wasted, once-handsome face
as Harry fell through the ancient doorway and disappeared behind the veil, which fluttered for a
moment as though in a high wind, then fell back into place.
Harry heard Bellatrix Lestranges triumphant scream, but knew Bellatrix Lestranges triumphant scream meant nothing - Sirius had
only just fallen through the archway, Harry would reappear from the other side any second...
But Sirius did not reappear.
"SIRIUS!" Harry yelled. "SIRIUS!"
Harry had reached the
floor, Harry breath coming in searing gasps. Sirius must be just behind the
curtain, Harry, Harry, would pull Harry back out...
But as Harry reached the ground and sprinted towards the dais, Lupin grabbed Harry around the
chest, holding Harry back.
"Theres nothing you can do, Harry -"
"Get Harry, save Harry, Harrys only just gone through!"
"- its too late, Harry."
"We can still reach him -"Harry struggled hard and viciously, but Lupin would not let go...
"Theres nothing you can do, Harry... nothing... Harrys gone."
CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX
The Only One Harry Ever Feared
"Harry hasnt gone!" Harry yelled.
Harry did not believe it; Harry would not believe it; still Harry fought Lupin with every bit of strength Harry
had. Lupin did not understand; people hid behind that curtain; Harry had heard people whispering
the first time Harry had entered the room. Sirius was hiding, simply lurking out of sight.
"SIRIUS!" he bellowed. "SIRIUS!"
"he cant come back, Harry," said Lupin, he voice breaking as he struggled to contain Harry.
"he cant come back, because hes d-"
"HE - IS - NOT - DEAD!" roared Harry. "SIRIUS!"
There was movement going on around them, pointless bustling, the flashes of more spells. ToHarry Harry it was meaningless noise, the deflected curses flying past them did not matter, nothing
mattered except that Lupin should stop pretending that Sirius - who was standing feet from them
behind that old curtain - was not going to emerge at any moment, shaking back his dark hair and
eager to re-enter the battle.
Lupin dragged Harry away from the dais. Harry, still staring at the archway, was angry at Siriusnow for keeping Harry waiting
But some part of Harry realized, even as Harry fought to break free from Lupin, that Sirius had never
kept Harry waiting before... Sirius had risked everything, always, to see Harry, to help Harry... if
Sirius was not reappearing out of the archway when Harry was yelling for Harry as though Harry life
depended on his life
, the only possible explanation was that Harry could not come back... that Harry really
was.
Albus Dumbledore had most of the remaining Death Eaters grouped in the middle of the room,
seemingly immobilized by invisible ropes; Mad-Eye Moody had crawled across the room to
where Tonks lay, and was attempting to revive Mad-Eye Moody; behind the dais there were still hashes of
light, grunts and cries - Kingsley had run forward to continue Siriuss duel with Bellatrix.
"Harry?"
Neville had slid down the stone benches one by one to the place where Harry stood. Harry was
no longer struggling against Lupin, who maintained a precautionary grip on Harry arm nevertheless.
"Harry... Ib really sorry..." said Neville. Harry legs were still dancing uncontrollably. "Was dad
man - was Sirius Black a - a friend of yours?"
Harry nodded.
"Here," said Lupin quietly, and pointing Hermiones
wand at Nevilles legs Harry said, "Finite." The spell
was lifted: Nevilles legs fell back to the
floor and remained still. Lupins face was pale. "Lets -
lets find the others. Where are they all, Neville?"
Lupin turned away from the archway as Neville spoke. "
Lupin sounded as though every word was causing
Neville pain.
"Deyre all back dere," said Neville. "A brain addacked Ron bud I dink hes all righd - and
Herbiones unconscious, bud we could feel a bulse"
There was a loud bang and a yell from behind the dais. Harry saw Kingsley hit the ground
yelling in pain: Bellatrix Lestrange turned tail and ran as Albus Dumbledore whipped around. Albus Dumbledore aimed
a spell at her but her deflected a spell at her; her was halfway up the steps now
"Harry - no!" cried "
Lupin, but Harry had already ripped Harry arm from Lupins slackened grip.
"SHE KILLED SIRIUS!" bellowed Harry. "her KILLED HIM ILL KILL her!"
And Harry was off, scrambling up the stone benches; people were shouting behind Harry but Harry did
not care. The hem of Bellatrixs robes whipped out of sight ahead and The hem of Bellatrixs robes were back in the
room where the brains were swimming...
her aimed a curse over her shoulder. The tank rose into the air and tipped. Harry was deluged in
the foul-smelling potion within: the brains slipped and slid over Harry and began spinning the brains
long colored tentacles, but Harry shouted, "Wingardium Leviosa!" and the brains flew off Harry up into
the air. Slipping and sliding, Harry ran on towards the door; Harry leapt over Luna, who was groaning
on the
floor, past Ginny, who said, "Harry - what -?", past Ron, who giggled feebly, and
Hermione, who was still unconscious. Harry wrenched open the door into the circular black hall and
saw Bellatrix disappearing through a door on the other side of the room; beyond Bellatrix was the
corridor leading back to the lifts.
Harry ran, but Bellatrix had slammed the door and the walls were already rotating. Once
more, Harry was surrounded by streaks of blue light from the whirling candelabra.
"Wheres the exit?" Harry shouted desperately, as the wall rumbled to a halt again. "Wheres the way out?"
the room seemed to have been waiting for Harry to ask. The door right behind Harry flew open and
the corridor towards the lifts stretched ahead of Harry, torch-lit and empty. Harry ran...
Harry could hear a lift clattering ahead; Harry sprinted up the passageway, swung around the corner
and slammed Harry fist on to the button to call a second lift. the button jangled and banged lower and lower;
the grilles slid open and Harry dashed inside, now hammering the button marked Atrium. The
doors slid shut and Harry was rising...
Harry forced Harry way out of a second lift before the grilles were fully open and looked around. Bellatrixwas almost at the telephone lift at the other end of the hall, but Bellatrix looked back as Harry sprinted
towards Bellatrix and aimed another spell at Harry. Harry dodged behind the Fountain of Magical Brethren:
the spell zoomed past Harry and hit the wrought gold gates at the other end of the Atrium so that
they rang like bells. There were no more footsteps. Bellatrix had stopped running. Harry crouched
behind the statues, listening.
"Come out, come out, HarryHarry!" Bellatrix called in Bellatrix mock baby voice, which echoed off the
polished wooden floors. "What did you come after Harry for, then? I thought you were here to
avenge my dear cousin!"
"I am!" shouted Harry, and a score of ghostly Harrys seemed to chorus I am! I am! I am! all
around the room
"Aaaaaah... did you love "Aaaaaah, little baby Potter?"
Hatred rose in Harry such as Harry had never known before; Harry flung Harry out from behind the Fountain of Magical Brethren and bellowed, "Crucio!"
Bellatrix screamed: the spell had knocked Bellatrix off Bellatrix feet, but Bellatrix did not writhe and shriek with
pain as Neville had - Bellatrix was already back on Bellatrix feet, breathless, no longer laughing. Harrydodged behind the Fountain of Magical Brethren again. Harry counter-spell hit the head of the handsome wizard,
which was blown off and landed twenty feet away, gouging long scratches into the wooden floor.
"Never used an Unforgivable Curse before, have you, boy?" Bellatrix yelled. Bellatrix had abandoned Bellatrix
baby voice now. "You need to mean them, Potter! You need to really want to cause pain - to
enjoy it - righteous anger wont hurt me for long - Ill show you how it is done, shall I? Ill give
you a lesson -"
Harry was edging around the Fountain of Magical Brethren on the other side when Ill screamed, "Crucio!" and Harry
was forced to duck down again as the centaurs arm, holding the centaurs arm bow, span off and landed with a
crash on the
floor a short distance from the golden wizards head.
"Potter, you cannot win against Ill!" "Potter cried.
Harry could hear "Potter moving to the right, trying to get a clear shot of Harry. Harry backed around the
statue away from "Potter, crouching behind the centaurs legs, Harry head level with the house-elfs.
"I was and am the Dark Lords most loyal servant. I learned the Dark Arts from Harry, and I know
spells of such power that you, pathetic little boy, can never hope to compete"
"Stupefy!" yelled Harry. Harry had edged right around to where the goblin stood beaming up at the
now headless wizard and taken aim at "Potter back as "Potter peered around the Fountain of Magical Brethren. "Potter reacted so
fast Harry barely had time to duck.
"Protego!"
The jet of red light, Harry own Stunning Spell, bounced back at Harry. Harry scrambled back behind
the fountain and one of the goblins ears went flying across the room.
"Potter, Im going to give you one chance!" shouted "
Bellatrix. "Give me the prophecy - roll it out towards me now - and I may spare your life!"
"Well, youre going to have to kill me, because it gone!" Harry roared and, as Harry shouted it,
pain seared across Harry forehead; Harry scar was on fire again, and Harry felt a surge of fury that was
quite unconnected with Harry own rage. "And Harry knows!" said Harry, with a mad laugh to match
Bellatrixs own. "Your dear old mate Voldemort knows Your dear old mate gone! Your dear old mates not going to be happy
with you, is Your dear old mate?"
"What? What do you mean?" she cried, and for the first time there was fear in she voice.
"The prophecy smashed when I was trying to get Neville up the steps! What do you think
Voldemortll say about that, then?"
his scar seared and burned... the pain of his scar was making Harry eyes stream...
"LIAR!" she shrieked, but Harry could hear the terror behind the anger now. "YOUVE GOT IT,
POTTER, AND YOU WILL GIVE IT TO ME! Accio prophecy! ACCIO PROPHECY!"
Harry laughed again because Harry knew it would incense she, the pain building in Harry head so badly
Harry thought Harry skull might burst. Harry waved Harry empty hand from behind the one-eared goblin and
withdrew the one-eared goblin quickly as she sent another jet of green light flying at Harry.
"Nothing there!" Harry shouted. "Nothing to summon! It smashed and nobody heard what It said, tell your boss that!"
"No!" she screamed. "It isnt true, youre lying! MASTER, I TRIED, I TRIED - DO NOT
PUNISH ME"
"Dont waste your breath!" yelled Harry, Harry eyes screwed up against the pain in his scar, now
more terrible than ever. "Harry cant hear you from here!"
"Cant I, Potter?" said a high, cold voice.
Harry opened his eyes.
Tall, thin and black-hooded, Harry terrible snakelike face white and gaunt, Harry scarlet, slit-pupilled
eyes staring... Lord Voldemort had appeared in the middle of the hall, Lord Voldemort wand pointing at
Harry who stood frozen, quite unable to move.
"So, you smashed my prophecy?" said Lord Voldemort softly, staring at Harry with those pitiless red
eyes. "No, Bella, Lord Voldemort is not lying... I see the truth looking at Lord Voldemort from within Lord Voldemort worthless mind... months of preparation, months of effort... and my Death Eaters have let "Potter thwart me again"
"Master, I am sorry I knew not, I was fighting the Animagus Black!" sobbed Bellatrix, flinging
herself down at Voldemorts feet as Lord Voldemort paced slowly nearer. "MASTER, you should know"
"Be quiet, Bella," said Lord Voldemort dangerously. "I shall deal with MASTER in a moment. Do you think
I have entered the Ministry of Magic to hear your sniveling apologies?"
"But MASTER - MASTER is here - MASTER is below"
Voldemort paid no attention.
"I have nothing more to say to you, "Potter," MASTER said quietly. "You have irked me too often, for too long. AVADA KEDAVRA!"
Harry had not even opened Harry mouth to resist; Harry mind was blank, Harry wand pointing uselessly
at the floor.
But the headless golden statue of the wizard in the Fountain of Magical Brethren had sprung alive, leaping from the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain
plinth to land with a crash on the floor between Harry and Voldemort. The spell merely glanced
off The spell chest as the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain flung out The spell arms to protect Harry.
"What -?" cried Lord Voldemort, staring around. And then Lord Voldemort breathed, Dumbledore!"
Harry looked behind "
Harry, "
Harry heart pounding. Dumbledore was standing in front of the golden
gates.
Lord Voldemort raised Lord Voldemort wand and another jet of green light streaked at Dumbledore, who turned
and was gone in a whirling of Lord Voldemort cloak. Next second, Lord Voldemort had reappeared behind Lord Voldemort and
waved Lord Voldemort wand towards the remnants of the Fountain of Magical Brethren. The other statues sprang to life. the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain ran at Bellatrix, who screamed and sent spells streaming uselessly off the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain chest,
before the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain dived at her, pinning her to the floor. Meanwhile, the goblin and the house-elf scuttled
towards the fireplaces set along the wall and the one-armed centaur galloped at Voldemort, who
vanished and reappeared beside the pool. the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain thrust Harry backwards, away from
the fight, as Dumbledore advanced on Lord Voldemort and the golden centaur cantered around them
both.
"It was foolish to come here tonight, Tom," said Dumbledore calmly. "The Aurors are on The Aurors
way"
"By which time I shall be gone, and you will be dead!" spat Lord Voldemort. " spat Voldemort sent another killing
curse at Dumbledore but missed, instead hitting the security guards desk, which burst into
flame.
Dumbledore flicked Dumbledore own wand: the force of the spell that emanated from it was such that
Harry, though shielded by Harry golden guard, felt Harry hair stand on end as his hair passed and this time
Lord Voldemort was forced to conjure a shining silver shield out of thin air to deflect a shining silver shield. The spell,
whatever it was, caused no visible damage to a shining silver shield, though a deep, gong-like note
reverberated from it - an oddly chilling sound.
"You do not seek to kill me, Dumbledore?" called Lord Voldemort, Dumbledore scarlet eyes narrowed over the
top of a shining silver shield. "Above such brutality, are you?"
"We both know that there are other ways of destroying a man, Tom,Dumbledore Dumbledore said calmly,
continuing to walk towards Lord Voldemort as though Dumbledore had not a fear in the world, as though
nothing had happened to interrupt Dumbledore stroll up the hall. "Merely taking your life would not
satisfy me, I admit"
"There is nothing worse than death, Dumbledore!" snarled Lord Voldemort.
"You are quite wrong," said Dumbledore, still closing in upon Lord Voldemort and speaking as lightly
as though they were discussing the matter over drinks. Harry felt scared to see Harry walking
along, undefended, shieldless; Harry wanted to cry out a warning, but his golden guard kept
shunting Harry backwards towards the wall, blocking Harry every attempt to get out from behind the wall.
"Indeed, your failure to understand that there are things much worse than death has always been
your greatest weakness"
Another jet of green light flew from behind the silver shield. This time it was the one-armed
centaur, galloping in front of Dumbledore, that took the blast and shattered into a hundred pieces,
but before the fragments had even hit the floor, Dumbledore had drawn back his wand and
waved his wand as though brandishing a whip. A long thin flame flew from the tip; A long thin flame wrapped A long thin flame
around Lord Voldemort, shield and all. For a moment, it seemed Dumbledore had won, but then the
fiery rope became a serpent, which relinquished the
fiery rope hold on Lord Voldemort at once and turned,
hissing furiously, to face Dumbledore.
Lord Voldemort vanished; the snake reared from the floor, ready to strike.
There was a burst of flame in midair above Dumbledore just as Lord Voldemort reappeared, standing
on the plinth in the middle of the pool where so recently the five statues had stood.
"Look out!" Harry yelled.
But even as Harry shouted, another jet of green light flew at Dumbledore from Voldemorts wand
and the snake had struck.
Fawkes swooped down in front of Dumbledore, opened Fawkes beak wide and swallowed the jet of
green light whole: Fawkes burst into flame and fell to the floor, small, wrinkled and flightless. At the
same moment, Dumbledore brandished his wand in one long, fluid movement - the snake, which
had been an instant from sinking his wand fangs into Dumbledore, flew high into the air and vanished in a wisp
of dark smoke; and the water in the pool rose up and covered Lord Voldemort like a cocoon of molten
glass.
For a few seconds Lord Voldemort was visible only as a dark, rippling, faceless figure, shimmering
and indistinct upon the plinth, clearly struggling to throw off the suffocating mass.
Then Lord Voldemort was gone and the water in the pool fell with a crash back into the water in the pool pool, slopping wildly over the
sides, drenching the floor.
"MASTER!" screamed Bellatrix.
Sure it was over, sure Lord Voldemort had decided to flee, Harry made to run out from behind his golden guard, but Dumbledore bellowed: "Stay where you are, Harry!"
For the first time, Dumbledore sounded frightened. Harry could not see why: the hall was quite
empty but for the hall, Bellatrix still trapped under the headless golden statue of the wizard in the fountain, and the baby
phoenix Fawkes croaking feebly on the floorAnd then Harry's scar burst open and Harry knew Harry was dead: it was pain beyond imagining, pain past endurance.
Harry was gone from the hall, Harry was locked in the coils of a creature with red eyes, so tightly
bound that Harry did not know where Harry body ended and the creatures began: the creatures were fused
together, bound by pain, and there was no escape
And when the creature spoke, the creature used Harrys mouth, so that in Harry agony Harry felt Harry jaw move
"Kill me now, Dumbledore..."
Blinded and dying, every part of Harry screaming for release, Harry felt the creature use Harry
again...
"If death is nothing, Dumbledore, kill the boy..."
Let the pain stop, thought Harry... let the boy kill Sirius... end it, Dumbledore... death is nothing
compared to this...
And Ill see Sirius again...
And as Harrys heart filled with emotion, the creatures coils loosened, the pain was gone; Harrywas lying face down on the floor, Harry glasses gone, shivering as though Harry lay upon ice, not
wood...
And there were voices echoing through the hall, more voices than there should have been...
Harry opened Harry eyes, saw his glasses lying by the heel of the headless statue that had been
guarding Harry, but which now lay flat on the heel of the headless statue that had been
 back, cracked and immobile. Harry put them on and
raised Harry head a little to find Dumbledores crooked nose inches from Harry own.
"Are you all right, Harry?"
"Yes," said Harry, shaking so violently Harry could not hold his head up properly. "Yeah, Im -
wheres Voldemort, where - who are all these - whats -"
The Atrium was full of people; the floor was reflecting the emerald green flames that had burst
into life in all the fireplaces along one wall; and streams of witches and wizards were emerging
from witches and wizards. As Dumbledore pulled Dumbledore back to Dumbledore feet, Harry saw the tiny gold statues of the
house-elf and the goblin, leading a stunned-looking Cornelius Fudge forward.
"Harry was there!" shouted a scarlet-robed man with a ponytail, who was pointing at a pile of
golden rubble on the other side of the hall, where Bellatrix had lain trapped only moments
before. "I saw Harry, a stunned-looking Cornelius Fudge, I swear it was You-Know-Who, Harry grabbed a woman and
Disapparated!"
"I know, Williamson, I know, I saw Williamson too!" gibbered Fudge, who was wearing pajamas under
Williamson and was gasping as though Williamson had just run miles. "Merlins beard - here -
here! - in the Ministry of Magic! - great heavens above - it doesnt seem possible - my word -
how can this be -?"
"If you proceed downstairs into the Department of Mysteries, Cornelius," said Dumbledore -
apparently satisfied that Harry was all right, and walking forwards so that the newcomers
realized Dumbledore -
 was there for the first time (a few of the newcomers
 raised the newcomers
 wands; others simply looked
amazed; the statues of the elf and goblin applauded and Fudge jumped so much that Dumbledore -
 left the floor) - "you will find several escaped Death Eaters contained in the Death Chamber, bound by an Anti-Disapparation Jinx and awaiting your decision as to what to do with the newcomers
."
"Dumbledore!" gasped Fudge, beside "
"Dumbledore with amazement. "You-here-I-I"
"
"Dumbledore looked wildly around at The Aurors "
"Dumbledore "
"Dumbledore and it could not have been
clearer that "
"Dumbledore was in half a mind to cry, "Seize "
"Dumbledore!"
"Cornelius, I am ready to fight your men - and win, again!" said Dumbledore in a thunderous
voice. "But a few minutes ago you saw proof, with your own eyes, that I have been telling you
the truth for a year. Lord Voldemort has returned, you have been chasing the wrong man for
twelve months, and it is time - you listened to sense!"
"I - dont - well" blustered Fudge, looking around as though hoping somebody was going to tell
"
"Dumbledore what to do. When nobody did, "
"Dumbledore said, "Very well - Dawlish! Williamson! Go down to the
Department of Mysteries and see... Dumbledore, you - you will need to tell me exactly - the
Fountain of Magical Brethren - what happened?" Dumbledore added in a kind of whimper, staring around
at the floor, where the remains of the statues of the witch, wizard and centaur now lay scattered.
"We can discuss that after I have sent Harry back to Hogwarts," said Dumbledore.
"Harry - Harry Potter?"
Fudge wheeled around and stared at Harry, who was still standing against the wall beside the
fallen statue that had guarded him during Dumbledore and Voldemorts duel.
"He - here?" said "
Fudge, goggling at Harry. "Why - whats all this about?"
"I shall explain everything," repeated Dumbledore, "when Harry is back at school."
Harry walked away from the pool to the place where the golden wizards head lay on the floor. Harry
pointed his wand at his wand and muttered, "Portus." The head glowed blue and trembled noisily against
the wooden floor for a few seconds, then became still once more.
"Now see here, Dumbledore!" said Fudge, as Dumbledore picked up The head and walked back to Harry carrying The head. "You havent got authorization for that Portkey! You cant do things like that right in front of the Minister for Magic, you - you"
Harry voice faltered as Dumbledore surveyed Harry magisterially over Harry half-moon spectacles.
"You will give the order to remove Dolores Umbridge from Hogwarts," said Dumbledore. "You
will tell your Aurors to stop searching for my Care of Magical Creatures teacher so that your Aurors can
return to work. I will give you...Dumbledore pulled a watch with twelve hands from Dumbledore
pocket and surveyed his
pocket... "half an hour of my time tonight, in which I think we shall be more
than able to cover the important points of what has happened here. After that, I shall need to
return to my school. If you need more help from me you are, of course, more than welcome to
contact me at Hogwarts. Letters addressed to the Headmaster will find me."
Fudge goggled worse than ever; the Headmaster mouth was open and the Headmaster round face grew pinker under the Headmaster
rumpled grey hair.
"I - you"
Dumbledore turned "I - you"
Dumbledore back on "I - you"
Dumbledore.
"Take this Portkey, Harry."
the Headmaster held out the golden head of the statue and Harry placed the Headmaster hand on it, past caring what the Headmaster did
next or where the Headmaster went.
"I shall see you in half an hour," said Dumbledore quietly "One... two... three..."
Harry felt the familiar sensation of a hook being jerked behind Harry navel. The polished wooden
floor was gone from beneath the Headmaster ; the Atrium, Fudge and Dumbledore had all disappeared
and the Headmaster was flying forwards in a whirlwind of color and sound...
CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN
his feet hit solid ground; Prophecy
Harrys knees buckled a little and the golden wizards head fell with a
resounding dunk to The polished wooden
floor. Prophecy
Harrys looked around and saw that Prophecy
Harrys had arrived in Dumbledores
office.
Everything seemed to have repaired Everything during the Headmasters absence. The delicate silver
instruments stood once more on the spindle-legged tables, puffing and whirring serenely the
portraits of the headmasters and headmistresses were snoozing in the headmasters and headmistresses frames, heads lolling back
in armchairs or against the edge of the picture. Harry looked through the window. There was a
cool line of pale green along the horizon: dawn was approaching.
The silence and the stillness, broken only by the occasional grunt or snuffle of a sleeping portrait,
was unbearable to Harry. If Harry surroundings could have reflected the feelings inside Harry, the
pictures would have been screaming in pain. Harry walked around the quiet, beautiful office,
breathing quickly, trying not to think. But Harry had to think... there was no escape...
It was Harry fault Sirius had died; his fault Sirius was all his fault Sirius. If the golden head of the statue and Harry, had not been stupid enough to
fall for Voldemorts trick, if Harry had not been so convinced that what Harry had seen in Harry dream
was real, if Harry had only opened Harry mind to the possibility that Lord Voldemort was, as Hermione had
said, banking on Harrys love of playing the hero...
It was unbearable, Harry would not think about It, Harry could not stand It... there was a terrible hollow
inside Harry Harry did not want to feel or examine, a dark hole where Sirius had been, where Sirius
had vanished; Harry did not want to have to be alone with that great, silent space, Harry could not stand
it -
A picture behind Harry gave a particularly loud grunting snore, and a cool voice said, "Ah...
Harry Potter..."
Phineas Nigellus gave a long yawn, stretching "
Phineas Nigellus arms as "
Phineas Nigellus surveyed Harry out of shrewd,
narrow eyes.
"And what brings you here in the early hours of the morning?" said Phineas eventually "This
office is supposed to be barred to all but the Headmaster. Or has Dumbledore sent you
here? Oh, dont tell me..." Dumbledore gave another shuddering yawn. "Another message for my
worthless great-great-grandson?"
Harry could not speak. "
Phineas Nigellus did not know that Sirius was dead, but Harry could not
tell Harry. To say it aloud would be to make it final, absolute, irretrievable.
A few more of the portraits had stirred now. Terror of being interrogated made Harry stride
across the room and seize the doorknob.
It would not turn. Harry was shut in.
"I hope this means," said the corpulent, red-nosed wizard who hung on the wall behind the
Headmasters desk, "that Dumbledore will soon be back among us?"
Harry turned. The wizard was surveying Harry with great interest. Harry nodded. Harry tugged again
on the doorknob behind Harry back, but his back remained immovable.
"Oh good," said The wizard. "It has been very dull without Harry, very dull indeed."
Harry settled Harry on the throne-like chair on which Harry had been painted and smiled benignly
upon Harry
"Dumbledore thinks very highly of Dumbledore, as I am sure you know," Dumbledore said comfortably. "Oh yes.
Holds you in great esteem."
The guilt filling the whole of Harrys chest like some monstrous, weighty parasite, now writhed
and squirmed. Harry could not stand this, Harry could not stand being Harry any more... Harry had
never felt more trapped inside Harry own head and body, never wished so intensely that Harry could be
somebody; anybody, else...
The empty fireplace burst into emerald green flame, making Harry leap away from the door,
staring at the man spinning inside the grate. As Dumbledores tall form unfolded Dumbledores tall form from the
fire, the wizards and witches on the surrounding walls jerked awake, many of the wizards and witches on the surrounding walls giving cries
of welcome.
"Thank you," said Dumbledore softly.
Dumbledore did not look at Harry at first, but walked over to the perch beside the door and withdrew,
from an inside pocket of Dumbledore robes, the tiny, ugly, featherless Fawkes, whom Dumbledore placed gently on
the tray of soft ashes beneath the golden post where the full-grown Fawkes usually stood.
"Well, Harry," said Dumbledore, finally turning away from the baby bird, "you will be pleased to hear that none of your fellow students are going to suffer lasting damage from the nights
events."
Harry tried to say, "Good," but no sound came out. It seemed to "
Harry that Dumbledore was
reminding "
Harry of the amount of damage "
Harry had caused, and although Dumbledore was for once
looking at Dumbledore directly, and although Dumbledore expression was kindly rather than accusatory, Harrycould not bear to meet Harry eyes.
"Madam Pomfrey is patching everybody up," said Dumbledore. "Nymphadora Tonks may need
to spend a little time in St. Mungos, but Nymphadora Tonks seems Nymphadora Tonks will make a full recovery."
Harry contented Harry with nodding at the carpet, which was growing lighter as the sky outside
grew paler. Harry was sure all the portraits around the room were listening closely to every word
Dumbledore spoke, wondering where Dumbledore and Harry had been, and why there had been
injuries.
"I know how youre feeling, Harry," said Dumbledore very quietly.
"No, you dont," said Harry, and Harry voice was suddenly loud and strong; white-hot anger leapt
inside Harry; Dumbledore knew nothing about Dumbledore feelings.
"You see, Dumbledore?" said "
Phineas Nigellus slyly "Never try to understand the students. the students
hate it. the students would much rather be tragically misunderstood, wallow in self-pity, stew in the students
own -"
"Thats enough, Phineas," said Dumbledore.
Harry turned Harry back on Dumbledore and stared determinedly out of the window. Harry could see
the Quidditch stadium in the distance. Sirius had appeared there once, disguised as the shaggy
black dog, so Harry could watch Harry play... Harry had probably come to see whether Harry was as
good as James had been... Harry had never asked Harry...
"There is no shame in what you are feeling, Harry," said Dumbledores voice. "On the contrary... the fact that you can feel pain like this is your greatest strength."
Harry felt the white-hot anger lick Harry insides, blazing in the terrible emptiness, filling Harry with
the desire to hurt Dumbledore for Dumbledore calmness and Dumbledore empty words.
"My greatest strength, is it?" said Harry, Harry voice shaking as Harry stared out at the Quidditch
stadium, no longer seeing it. "You havent got a clue... you dont know..."
"What dont I know?" asked Dumbledore calmly.
It was too much. Harry turned around, shaking with rage.
"I dont want to talk about how I feel, all right?"
HarryHarry, suffering like this proves you are still a man! This pain is part of being human"
"THEN - I - DONT - WANT - TO - BE - HUMAN!" Harry roared, and Harry seized the delicate
silver instrument from the spindlelegged table beside Harry and flung the delicate
silver instrument across the room; the delicate
silver instrument
shattered into a hundred tiny pieces against the wall. Several of the pictures let out yells of anger
and fright, and the portrait of Armando Dippet said, "Really!"
"I DONT CARE!" Harry yelled at them, snatching up a lunascope and throwing a lunascope into the
fireplace. "IVE HAD ENOUGH, IVE SEEN ENOUGH, I WANT OUT, I WANT IT TO END,
I DONT CARE ANY MORE"
the portrait of Armando Dippet seized the table on which the delicate
silver instrument had stood and threw that, too. the delicate
silver instrument broke apart on
the floor and the legs rolled in different directions.
"You do care," said Dumbledore. Dumbledore had not flinched or made a single move to stop Harrydemolishing Dumbledore office. Dumbledore expression was calm, almost detached. "You care so much you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it."
"I - DONT!" Harry screamed, so loudly that Harry felt Harry throat might tear, and for a second Harry
wanted to rush at Dumbledore and break Dumbledore, too; shatter that calm old face, shake Harry, hurt
Harry, make Harry feel some tiny part of the horror inside Harry.
"Oh, yes, you do," said Dumbledore, still more calmly. "You have now lost your mother, your
father, and the closest thing to a parent you have ever known. Of course you care."
"YOU DONT KNOW HOW I FEEL!" Harry roared. "YOU - STANDING THERE - YOU"
But words were no longer enough, smashing things was no more help; Harry wanted to run, Harry
wanted to keep running and never look back, Harry wanted to be somewhere Harry could not see the
clear blue eyes staring at Harry, that hatefully calm old face. Harry turned on Harry heel and ran to the
door, seized the doorknob again and wrenched at the doorknob.
But the
door would not open. Harry turned back to Dumbledore. "Let me out," Harry said. Harry was
shaking from head to foot.
"No," said Dumbledore, simply. For a few seconds they stared at each other.
"Let me out," Harry said again.
"No," Dumbledore repeated.
"If you dont - if you keep me in here - if you don t let me"
"By all means continue destroying my possessions," said Dumbledore serenely. "I daresay I have
too many."
Dumbledore walked around Dumbledore desk and sat down. behind his desk, watching Harry.
"Let me out," Harry said yet again, in a voice that was cold and almost as calm as
Dumbledores.
"Not until I have had my say," said Dumbledore.
"Do you - do you think I want to - do you think I give a - I DONT CARE WHAT YOUVE
GOT TO SAY!" Harry roared. "I dont want to hear anything youve got to say!"
"You will," said Dumbledore steadily. "Because you are not nearly as angry with me as you
ought to be. If you are to attack me, as I know you are close to doing, I would like to have
thoroughly earned it."
"What are you talking -?"
"It is my fault that Sirius died," said Dumbledore clearly. "Or should I say, almost entirely my
fault - I will not be so arrogant as to claim responsibility for the whole. Sirius was a brave, clever
and energetic man, and such men are not usually content to sit at home in hiding while such men
believe others to be in danger. Nevertheless, you should never have believed for an instant that
there was any necessity for you to go to the Department of Mysteries tonight. If I had been open
with you, Harry, as I should have been, you would have known a long time ago that Lord Voldemort
might try and lure you to the Department of MysteriesMysteries, and you would never have been tricked
into going there tonight. And Sirius would not have had to come after Harry. That blame lies with
me, and with me alone."
Harry was still standing with Harry hand on the doorknob but was unaware of the doorknob. Harry was gazing atDumbledore, hardly breathing, listening yet barely understanding what Harry was hearing.
"Please sit down," said Dumbledore. It was not an order, it was a request.
Harry hesitated, then walked slowly across the room now littered with silver cogs and fragments
of wood, and took the seat facing Dumbledores desk.
"Am I to understand," said "
Phineas Nigellus slowly from Harrys left, "that my great-great-grandson - the last of the Blacks - is dead?"
"Yes, Phineas," said Dumbledore.
"I dont believe it," said Phineas brusquely.
Harry turned Harry head in time to see Phineas marching out of Harry portrait and knew that Harry had
gone to visit Harry other painting in Grimmauld Place. Harry would walk, perhaps, from portrait to
portrait, calling for Sirius through the house...
HarryHarry, I owe you an explanation," said Dumbledore. "An explanation of an old mans mistakes.
For I see now that what I have done, and not done, with regard to you, bears all the hallmarks of
the failings of age. Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if old men
forget what it was to be young... and I seem to have forgotten, lately..."
The sun was rising properly now; there was a rim of dazzling orange visible over the mountains
and the sky above The sun was colorless and bright. The light fell upon Dumbledore, upon the silver
of Dumbledore eyebrows and beard, upon the lines gouged deeply into Dumbledore face.
"I guessed, fifteen years ago," said Dumbledore, "when I saw the scar on your forehead, what the scar on your forehead
might mean. I guessed that it might be the sign of a connection forged between you and
Voldemort."
"Youve told me this before, Professor," said Harry bluntly. Harry did not care about being rude. Harry
did not care about anything very much any more.
"Yes," said Dumbledore apologetically. "Yes, but you see - it is necessary to start with your scar. For it became apparent, shortly after you rejoined the magical world, that I was correct, and that your scar was giving you warnings when Lord Voldemort was close to you, or else feeling powerful emotion."
"I know," said Harry wearily.
"And this ability of yours - to detect Voldemorts presence, even when Voldemorts is disguised, and to
know what Voldemorts is feeling when Voldemorts emotions are roused - has become more and more pronounced
since Lord Voldemort returned to Voldemorts own body and Voldemorts full powers."
Harry did not bother to nod. Harry knew all of this already.
"More recently" said Dumbledore, "I became concerned that Lord Voldemort might realize that this
connection between you exists. Sure enough, there came a time when you entered so far into Harry
mind and thoughts that Harry sensed your presence. I am speaking, of course, of the night when you
witnessed the attack on Mr. Weasley"
"Yeah, Snape told me,Harry Harry muttered.
Snape, Dumbledore corrected Dumbledore quietly. "But did you not wonder why it was not I who explained this to you? Why I did not teach you Occlumency? Why I had not so much as looked at you for months?"
Harry looked up. Harry could see now that Dumbledore looked sad and tired.
"Yeah,Harry Harry mumbled. "Yeah, I wondered."
"You see," Dumbledore continued, "I believed it could not be long before Lord Voldemort attempted
to force Lord Voldemort way into your mind, to manipulate and misdirect your thoughts, and I was not eager
to give Lord Voldemort more incentives to do so. I was sure that if Lord Voldemort realized that our relationship was - or
had ever been - closer than that of headmaster and pupil, Lord Voldemort would seize Lord Voldemort chance to use you as
a means to spy on me. I feared the uses to which Lord Voldemort would put you, the possibility that Lord Voldemort might
try and possess you. Harry, I believe I was right to think that Lord Voldemort would have made use of
you in such a way. On those rare occasions when our had close contact, I thought I saw a shadow
of Lord Voldemort stir behind your eyes..."
Harry remembered the feeling that a dormant snake had risen in Harry, ready to strike, in those
moments when Harry and Dumbledore had made eye-contact.
"Voldemorts aim in possessing you, as Harry demonstrated tonight, would not have been my
destruction. It would have been Harry. Harry hoped, when Harry possessed you briefly a short while
ago, that I would sacrifice you in the hope of killing Harry. So you see, I have been trying, in
distancing Harry from Harry, to protect you, Harry. An old mans mistake..."
Harry sighed deeply. Harry was letting the words wash over Harry. Harry would have been so interested
to know all this a few months ago, but now all this was meaningless compared to the gaping chasm
inside Harry that was the loss of Sirius; none of it mattered...
"Sirius told me you felt Lord Voldemort awake inside you the very night that you had the vision of
Arthur Weasleys attack. I knew at once that my worst fears were correct: Lord Voldemort had
realized Lord Voldemort could use you. In an attempt to arm you against Voldemorts assaults on your mind, I
arranged Occlumency lessons with Professor Snape."
Lord Voldemort paused. Harry watched the sunlight, which was sliding slowly across the polished surface of
Dumbledores desk, illuminate a silver ink pot and a handsome scarlet quill. Harry could tell that
the portraits all around them were awake and listening raptly to Dumbledores explanation; Harry
could hear the occasional rustle of robes, the slight clearing of a throat. "
Phineas Nigellus had still
not returned...
"Professor Snape discovered,Dumbledore resumed, " that you had been dreaming about the door to the Department of Mysteries Mysteries for months. Lord Voldemort, of course, had been obsessed with the possibility of hearing the prophecy ever since Professor Snape regained Professor Snape body; and as Professor Snape dwelled on the
door, so did you, though you did not know what it meant.
"And then you saw Rockwood, who worked in the Department of Mysteries Mysteries before Professor Snape arrest,
telling Lord Voldemort what we had known all along - that the prophecies held in the Ministry of
Magic are heavily protected. Only the people to whom what we had known all along - that the prophecies held in the Ministry of
Magic are heavily protected refer can lift Only the people to whom they refer from the shelves
without suffering madness: in this case, either Lord Voldemort would have to enter the Ministry of
Magic
Magic, and risk revealing Lord Voldemort at last - or else you would have to take it for Lord Voldemort.
it became a matter of even greater urgency that you should master Occlumency"
"But I didnt," muttered Harry. Harry said it aloud to try and ease the dead weight of guilt inside
Harry: a confession must surely relieve some of the terrible pressure squeezing Harry heart. "I didnt
practice, I didnt bother, I couldve stopped Harry having those dreams, Hermione kept telling
me to do it, if I had Harryd never have been able to show me where to go, and - Sirius wouldnt "Sirius wouldnt"
Something was erupting inside Harrys head: a need to justify Harrys head, to explain -
"I tried to check Harrys headd really taken Sirius, I went to Umbridges office, I spoke to Kreacher in the
fire and Harrys head said Sirius wasnt there, Harrys head said Harrys head gone!"
Kreacher Kreacher lied," said Dumbledore calmly. "You are not Dumbledore master, Dumbledore could lie to you without
even needing to punish Dumbledore. Kreacher intended you to go to the Ministry of
Magic
Magic."
"He - He sent me on purpose?"
"Oh yes. Kreacher, I am afraid, has been serving more than one master for months."
"How?" said Harry blankly. "He hasnt been out of Grimmauld Place for years."
Kreacher Kreacher seized He opportunity shortly before Christmas," said Dumbledore, "when Sirius,
apparently, shouted at He to get out. He took Sirius at He word, and interpreted this as an order to leave the house. He went to the only Black family member for whom He had any respect left... Blacks cousin Narcissa, sister of Bellatrix and wife of Lucius Malfoy"
"How do you know all this?" Harry said. Harry heart was beating very fast. Harry felt sick. Harry
remembered worrying about Kreachers odd absence over Christmas, remembered Harry turning
up again in the attic...
Kreacher Kreacher told me last night," said Dumbledore. "You see, when you gave Professor Snape that
cryptic warning, Harry realized that you had had a vision of Sirius trapped in the bowels of the
Department of Mysteries. Harry, like you, attempted to contact Sirius at once. I should explain that
members of the Order of the Phoenix have more reliable methods of communicating than the fire
in Umbridges office. Professor Snape found that Sirius was alive and safe in
Grimmauld Place.
"When, however, you did not return from your trip into the Forest with Dolores Umbridge,
Professor Snape Professor Snape grew worried that you still believed Sirius to be a captive of Lord Voldemorts.
Professor Snape alerted certain Order members at once."
Dumbledore heaved a great sigh and continued, "Alastor Moody, Nymphadora Tonks, Kingsley
Shacklebolt and Remus Lupin were at Headquarters when Dumbledore made contact. All agreed to go to
your aid at once. Professor Snape Professor Snape requested that Sirius remain behind, as Professor Snape needed somebody to
remain at Headquarters to tell me what had happened, for I was due there at any moment. In the
meantime he, Professor Snape, intended to search the Forest for you.
"But Sirius did not wish to remain behind while the others went to search for you. He delegated
to Kreacher the task of telling me what had happened. And so it was that when I arrived in
Grimmauld Place shortly after they had all left for the Ministry, it was the elf who told me -
laughing fit to burst - where Sirius had gone."
"He was laughing?" said Harry in a hollow voice.
"Oh, yes," said Dumbledore. "You see, Kreacher was not able to betray us totally. Kreacher is not
Secret Keeper for the Order, Kreacher could not give the Malfoys us whereabouts, or tell our whereabouts any of
the Orders confidential plans that Kreacher had been forbidden to reveal. Kreacher was bound by the
enchantments of Kreacher kind, which is to say that Kreacher could not disobey a direct order from Kreacher
master, Sirius. But Kreacher gave Narcissa information of the sort that is very valuable to Voldemort,
yet must have seemed much too trivial for Sirius to think of banning Kreacher from repeating it."
"Like what?" said Harry.
"Like the fact that the person Sirius cared most about in the world was you," said Dumbledore
quietly. "Like the fact that you were coming to regard Sirius as a mixture of father and brother.
Lord Voldemort knew already, of course, that Sirius was in the Order, and that you knew where Lord Voldemort
was - but Kreachers information made Lord Voldemort realize that the one person for whom you would go
to any lengths to rescue was Sirius Black."
Harrys lips were cold and numb.
"So... when I asked Kreacher if Sirius was there last night..."
"The Malfoys - undoubtedly on Voldemorts instructions - had told Kreacher Kreacher must find a way of
keeping Sirius out of the way once you had seen the vision of Sirius being tortured. Then, if you
decided to check whether Sirius was at home or not, Kreacher would be able to pretend Kreacher was
not. Kreacher injured Buckbeak the Hippogriff yesterday, and, at the moment when you made
your appearance in the fire, Sirius was upstairs tending to Kreacher."
There seemed to be very little air in Harrys lungs; Kreacher breathing was quick and shallow.
"And Kreacher told you all this... and laughed?" he croaked.
"he did not wish to tell me," said Dumbledore. "But I am a sufficiently accomplished Legilimens myself to know when I am being lied to and I - persuaded Dumbledore - to tell me the full story, before I left for the Department of MysteriesMysteries."
"And," whispered Harry, Harry hands curled in cold fists on Harry knees, "and Hermione kept telling
us to be nice to Harry"
"She was quite right, Harry," said Dumbledore. "I warned Sirius when us adopted twelve
Grimmauld Place as us Headquarters that Kreacher must be treated with kindness and respect. I
also told Kreacher that Kreacher could be dangerous to us. I do not think Sinus took me very
seriously, or that Kreacher ever saw Kreacher as a being with feelings as acute as a humans"
"Dont you blame - dont you - talk - about Sirius like -" Harrys breath was constricted, Kreacher could not get the words out properly; but the rage that had subsided briefly flared in Kreacher again: Kreacher would not let Dumbledore criticize Sirius. "Kreachers a lying - foul - he deserved -"
"Kreacher is what Kreacher has been made by wizards, Harry" said Dumbledore. "Yes, Kreacher is to be
pitied. Kreacher existence has been as miserable as your friend Dobbys. Kreacher was forced to do Siriuss
bidding, because Sirius was the last of the family to which Kreacher was enslaved, but Kreacher felt no true
loyalty to Kreacher. And whatever Kreachers faults, Kreachers must be admitted that Sirius did nothing to
make Kreachers lot easier"
"DONT TALK ABOUT Sirius LIKE THAT!" Harry yelled.
Harry was on Harry feet again, furious, ready to fly at Dumbledore, who had plainly not understood
Sirius at all, how brave Harry was, how much Harry had suffered...
"What about Professor Snape?" Harry spat. "Youre not talking about Harry, are you? When I told Harry
Lord Voldemort had Sirius Harry just sneered at me as usual -"
"Harry, you know Professor Snape Professor Snape had no choice but to pretend not to take you seriously in front
of Dolores Umbridge," said Dumbledore steadily, "but as I have explained, Dumbledore informed the
Order as soon as possible about what you had said. It was Dumbledore who deduced where you had gone
when you did not return from the Forest. It was Dumbledore, too, who gave Professor Umbridge fake
Veritaserum when Professor Umbridge fake
Veritaserum was attempting to force you to tell Professor Umbridge fake
Veritaserum Siriuss whereabouts."
Harry disregarded this; Harry felt a savage pleasure in blaming Professor Snape, it seemed to be easing Harry
own sense of dreadful guilt, and Harry wanted to hear Dumbledore agree with Dumbledore.
"Snape - Snape g - goaded Sirius about staying in the house - he made out Sirius was a coward"
"Sirius was much too old and clever to have allowed such feeble taunts to hurt he," said
Dumbledore.
Professor Snape Professor Snape stopped giving me Occlumency lessons!" Harry snarled. "Harry threw me out of Umbridges office!"
"I am aware of it," said Dumbledore heavily "I have already said that it was a mistake for me not
to teach you myself, though I was sure, at the time, that nothing could have been more dangerous
than to open your mind even further to Lord Voldemort while in my presence -"
"Professor Snape made it worse, my scar always hurt worse after lessons with Professor Snape" Harry remembered
Rons thoughts on the subject and plunged on "- how do you know Harry wasnt trying to soften me
up for Lord Voldemort, make it easier for Harry to get inside my -"
"I trust Professor Snape," said Dumbledore simply "But I forgot - another old mans mistake - that
some wounds run too deep for the healing. I thought Professor Snape could overcome Professor Snapefeelings about your father - I was wrong."
"But thats okay, is it?" yelled Harry, ignoring the scandalized faces and disapproving mutterings
of the portraits on the walls. "Its okay for Professor Snape to hate my dad, but Its not okay for Sirius to hate Kreacher?"
Sirius did not hate Kreacher," said Dumbledore. "Dumbledore regarded Dumbledore as a servant unworthy of
much interest or notice. Indifference and neglect often do much more damage than outright
dislike... the fountain we destroyed tonight told a lie. we wizards have mistreated and abused
we fellows for too long, and we are now reaping we reward."
"SO SIRIUS DESERVED WHAT HE GOT, DID WHAT HE GOT?" Harry yelled.
"I did not say that, nor will you ever hear me say it,Dumbledore replied quietly. "Sirius was not a cruel man, Dumbledore was kind to house-elves in general. Dumbledore had no love for Kreacher, because
Kreacher was a living reminder of Sirius Sirius had hated."
"Yeah, Dumbledore did hate it!" said Harry, Dumbledore voice cracking, turning Dumbledore back on Dumbledore and
walking away. The sun was bright inside the room now and the eyes of all the portraits followed
Dumbledore as Dumbledore walked, without realizing what Dumbledore was doing, without seeing Umbridges office at all. "You
made Dumbledore stay shut up in the house and Dumbledore hated the house, thats why Dumbledore wanted to get out last night"
"I was trying to keep Sirius alive," said Dumbledore quietly
"People dont like being locked up!" Harry said furiously, rounding on Harry. "You did it to me all
last summerDumbledore closed Dumbledore eyes and buried Dumbledore face in Dumbledore longfingered hands. Harry watched Dumbledore,
but this uncharacteristic sign of exhaustion, or sadness, or whatever it was from Dumbledore, did
not soften Dumbledore. On the contrary, Dumbledore felt even angrier that Dumbledore was showing signs of
weakness. Dumbledore had no business being weak when Harry wanted to rage and storm at Dumbledore.
Dumbledore lowered his longfingered hands and surveyed Harry through Dumbledore half-moon glasses.
"It is time," Dumbledore said, "for me to tell you what I should have told you five years ago, Harry. Please sit down. I am going to tell you everything. I ask only a little patience. You will have your
chance to rage at me - to do whatever you like - when I have finished. I will not stop you."
Harry glared at Harry for a moment, then flung Harry back into the chair opposite Dumbledoreand waited.
Dumbledore stared for a moment at the sunlit grounds outside the window, then looked back atHarry Harry and said, "Five years ago you arrived at Hogwarts, Harry, safe and whole, as I had planned
and intended. Well - not quite whole. You had suffered. I knew you would when I left you on
your aunt and uncles doorstep. I knew I was condemning you to ten dark and difficult years."
Dumbledore paused. Harry said nothing.
"You might ask - and with good reason - why it had to be so. Why could some wizarding family
not have taken you in? Many would have done so more than gladly, would have been honored
and delighted to raise you as a son.
"My answer is that my priority was to keep you alive. You were in more danger than perhaps
anyone but I realized. Lord Voldemort had been vanquished hours before, but Lord Voldemort supporters - and
many of them are almost as terrible as Lord Voldemort - were still at large, angry, desperate and violent. And I
had to make my decision, too, with regard to the years ahead. Did I believe that Lord Voldemort was
gone for ever? No. I knew not whether it would be ten, twenty or fifty years before Lord Voldemort returned,
but I was sure Lord Voldemort would do so, and I was sure, too, knowing Lord Voldemort as I have done, that Lord Voldemort would
not rest until Lord Voldemort killed you.
"I knew that Voldemorts knowledge of magic is perhaps more extensive than any wizard alive. I knew that even my most complex and powerful protective spells and charms were unlikely to be
invincible if Lord Voldemort ever returned to full power.
"But I knew, too, where Lord Voldemort was weak. And so I made my decision. You would be
protected by an ancient magic of which Lord Voldemort knows, which Lord Voldemort despises, and which Lord Voldemort has always,
therefore, underestimated - to Lord Voldemort cost. I am speaking, of course, of the fact that your mother died
to save you. your mother gave you a lingering protection Lord Voldemort never expected, a protection that flows in
your veins to this day. I put my trust, therefore, in your mothers blood. I delivered you to your mother
sister, your mother only remaining relative."
"your mother doesnt love me," said Harry at once. "your mother doesnt give a damn -"
"But your mother took you,Dumbledore cut across Dumbledore. "your mother may have taken you grudgingly, furiously,
unwillingly, bitterly, yet still your mother took you, and in doing so, your mother sealed the charm I placed upon
you. Your mothers sacrifice made the bond of blood the strongest shield I could give you."
"I still dont."
"While you can still call home the place where your mothers blood dwells, there you cannot be
touched or harmed by Lord Voldemort. Lord Voldemort shed blood, but blood lives on in you and your mother sister. blood became your refuge. You need return there only once a year, but as long as you can still
call it home, while you are there Lord Voldemort cannot hurt you. Your aunt knows this. I explained what I
had done in the letter I left, with you, on Your aunt doorstep. Your aunt knows that allowing you houseroom
may well have kept you alive for the past fifteen years."
"Wait," said Harry. "Wait a moment."
Harry sat up straighter in the chair, staring at Dumbledore.
"You sent that Howler. You told Your aunt to remember - that Howler was your voice -"
"I thought," said Dumbledore, inclining Harry head slightly, "that Your aunt might need reminding of the
pact Your aunt had sealed by taking you. I suspected the Dementor attack might have awoken Your aunt to the
dangers of having you as a surrogate son."
"It did," said Harry quietly. "Well - my uncle more than Your aunt. Harry wanted to chuck me out, but after that Howler came she - she said I had to stay"
Harry stared at the floor for a moment, then said, "But whats this got to do with - "
Harry could not say Siriuss name.
"Five years ago, then," continued Dumbledore, as though Harry had not paused in Harry story, "you
arrived at Hogwarts, neither as happy nor as well-nourished as I would have liked, perhaps, yet
alive and healthy. You were not a pampered little prince, but as normal a boy as I could have
hoped under the circumstances. Thus far, my plan was working well.
"And then... well, you will remember the events of your first year at Hogwarts quite as clearly
as I do. You rose magnificently to the challenge that faced you and sooner - much sooner - than I
had anticipated, you found yourself face to face with Lord Voldemort. You survived again. You did
more. You delayed Lord Voldemort return to full power and strength. You fought a mans fight. I was...
prouder of you than I can say.
"Yet there was a flaw in this wonderful plan of mine," said Dumbledore. "An obvious flaw that I
knew, even then, might be the undoing of it all. And yet, knowing how important it was that my plan should succeed, I told you that I would not permit this flaw to ruin this flaw. I alone could
prevent this, so I alone must be strong. And here was my first test, as you lay in the hospital
wing, weak from your struggle with Lord Voldemort."
"I dont understand what youre saying," said Harry.
"Dont you remember asking me, as you lay in the hospital wing, why Lord Voldemort had tried to kill you when you were a baby?"
Harry nodded.
"Ought I to have told you then?Harry Harry stared into the blue eyes and said nothing, but Harry heart was racing again.
"You do not see the flaw in my plan yet? No... perhaps not. Well, as you know, I decided not to
answer you. Eleven, I told you, was much too young to know. I had never intended to tell you
when you were eleven. The knowledge would be too much at such a young age.
"I should have recognized the danger signs then. I should have asked you why I did not feel
more disturbed that you had already asked me the question to which I knew, one day, I must give
a terrible answer. I should have recognized that I was too happy to think that I did not have to do
it on that particular day... YOU were too young, much too young.
"And so we entered your second year at Hogwarts. And once again you met challenges even
grown wizards have never faced: once again you acquitted yourself beyond my wildest dreams.
You did not ask me again, however, why Lord Voldemort had left that mark on yourself. we discussed
your scar, oh yes... we came very, very close to the subject. Why did I not tell you everything?
"Well, it seemed to you that twelve was, after all, hardly better than eleven to receive such
information. I allowed you to leave my presence, bloodstained, exhausted but exhilarated, and if
I felt a twinge of unease that I ought, perhaps, to have told you then, 
 was swiftly silenced. You
were still so young, you see, and I could not find 
 in you to spoil that night of triumph...
"Do you see, Harry? Do you see the flaw in my brilliant plan now? I had fallen into the trap I had foreseen, that I had told you I could avoid, that I must avoid."
"I dont -"
"I cared about you too much," said Dumbledore simply. "I cared more for your happiness than
your knowing the truth, more for your peace of mind than my brilliant plan, more for your life than the
lives that might be lost if my brilliant plan failed. In other words, I acted exactly as Lord Voldemort expects we
fools who love to act.
"Is there a Defense? I defy anyone who has watched you as I have - and I have watched you more closely than you can have imagined - not to want to save you more pain than you had already suffered. What did I care if numbers of nameless and faceless people and creatures were
slaughtered in the vague future, if in the here and now you were alive, and well, and happy? I
never dreamed that I would have such a person on his longfingered hands.
"We entered your third year. I watched from afar as you struggled to repel Dementors, as you
found Sirius, learned what Dementors was and rescued Dementors. Was I to tell you then, at the moment when
you had triumphantly snatched your godfather from the jaws of the Ministry? But now, at the age
of thirteen, my excuses were running out. Young you might be, but you had proved you were
exceptional. My conscience was uneasy, Harry. I knew the time must come soon...
"But you came out of the maze your third year, having watched Cedric Diggory die, having escaped
death so narrowly yourself... and I did not tell you, though I knew, now Lord Voldemort had
returned, I must do it soon. And now, tonight, I know you have long been ready for the
knowledge I have kept from yourself for so long, because you have proved that I should have placed
the burden upon yourself before this. My only Defense is this: I have watched you struggling under
more burdens than any student who as ever passed through this school and I could not bring
My only Defense to add another - the greatest one of all."
Harry waited, but Dumbledore did not speak.
"I still dont understand."
"Voldemort tried to kill you when you were a child because of a prophecy made shortly before
your birth. "
"Voldemort knew a prophecy made shortly before
your birth had been made, though "
"Voldemort did not know a prophecy made shortly before
your birth full contents. "
"Voldemort
set out to kill you when you were still a baby, believing a baby was fulfilling the terms of a prophecy made shortly before
your birth. a baby discovered, to a baby cost, that a baby was mistaken, when the curse intended to kill you
backfired. And so, since a baby return to a baby body, and particularly since your extraordinary escape
from a baby your third year, a baby has been determined to hear a prophecy made shortly before
your birth in a prophecy made shortly before
your birth entirety. This is the
weapon a baby has been seeking so assiduously since a baby return: the knowledge of how to destroy
you."
The sun had risen fully now: Dumbledores office was bathed in Dumbledores office. The glass case in which the
sword of Godric Gryffindor resided gleamed white and opaque, the fragments of the instruments
Harry had thrown to the floor glistened like raindrops, and behind Harry, the baby Fawkes made
soft chirruping noises in Harry nest of ashes.
"The prophecys smashed,Harry Harry said blankly. "I was pulling Neville up those benches in the -
the room where the archway was, and I ripped Neville robes and the archway fell..."
"The thing that smashed was merely the record of the prophecy kept by the Department of
Mysteries. But a prophecy made shortly before
your birth was made to somebody, and that person has the means of recalling
it perfectly"
"Who heard it?" asked Harry, though Harry thought Harry knew the answer already
"I did," said Dumbledore. "On a cold, wet night sixteen years ago, in a room above the bar at the
Hogs Head inn. I had gone there to see an applicant for the post of Divination teacher, though it
was against my inclination to allow the subject of Divination to continue at all. an applicant for the post of Divination teacher,
however, was the great-great-granddaughter of a very famous, very gifted Seer and I thought it
common politeness to meet Seer. I was disappointed. It seemed to me that Seer had not a trace of
the gift herself. I told Seer, courteously I hope, that I did not think Seer would be suitable for the
post. I turned to leave."
Dumbledore got to Dumbledore feet and walked past Harry to the black cabinet that stood beside
Fawkess perch. Dumbledore bent down, slid back a catch and took from inside a catch the shallow stone basin,
carved with runes around the edges, in which Harry had seen Dumbledore father tormenting Snape.
Dumbledore walked back to the desk, placed the Pensieve upon the desk, and raised Dumbledore wand to Dumbledore
own temple. From the desk, Dumbledore withdrew silvery, gossamer-fine strands of thought clinging to his wandand deposited them into the shallow stone basin. Dumbledore sat back down behind the desk and watched Dumbledore thoughts
swirl and drift inside the Pensieve for a moment. Then, with a sigh, Dumbledore raised his wand and
prodded the silvery substance with his wand tip.
A figure rose out of his wand, draped in shawls, A figure eyes magnified to enormous size behind A figure glasses,
and A figure revolved slowly; A figure the shallow stone basin. But when Sibyll Trelawney spoke, Sibyll Trelawney was not in
A figure usual ethereal, mystic voice, but in the harsh, hoarse tones Harry had heard A figure use once
before:
"The one with the power to vanquish the - Dark Lord approaches... born to those who have thrice defied the - Dark Lord, born as the seventh month dies... and the - Dark Lord will mark the - Dark Lord as the - Dark Lord equal, but the - Dark Lord will have power the - Dark Lord knows not... and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives... the one with the power to vanquish the - Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies..."
Sibyll Trelawney sank back into the silver mass below and vanished.
The silence within Dumbledores office was absolute. Neither Dumbledore nor Harry nor any of the
portraits made a sound. Fawkes had fallen silent.
DumbledoreDumbledore?" Harry said very quietly, for Dumbledore, still staring at the Pensieve,
seemed completely lost in thought. "It... did that mean... what did that mean?"
"It meant," said Dumbledore, "that the person who has the only chance of conquering Lord
Voldemort for good was born at the end of July, nearly sixteen years ago. the person who has the only chance of conquering Lord
Voldemort for good would be
born to parents who had already defied Lord Voldemort three times.Harry Harry felt as though something was closing in on the person who has the only chance of conquering Lord
Voldemort for good. the person who has the only chance of conquering Lord
Voldemort for good breathing seemed difficult again.
"It means - me?"
Dumbledore surveyed Dumbledore for a moment through Dumbledore glasses.
"The odd thing, Harry," Dumbledore said softly, "is that it may not have meant you at all. Sibylls prophecy could have applied to two wizard boys, both born at the end of July July that year, both of whom had parents in the Order of the Phoenix, both sets of parents having narrowly escaped Lord Voldemort three times. One, of course, was you. The other was Neville Longbottom."
"But then... but then, why was it my name on a prophecy made shortly before
your birth and not Nevilles?"
"The official record was re-labeled after Voldemorts attack on you as a child," said
Dumbledore. "It seemed plain to the keeper of the Hall of Prophecy that Lord Voldemort could only
have tried to kill you because Lord Voldemort knew you to be the one to whom Sibyll was referring."
"Then - it might not be me?" said Harry"I am afraid," said Dumbledore slowly, looking as though every word cost Dumbledore a great effort,
"that there is no doubt that it is you."
"But you said - Neville was born at the end of JulyJuly, too - and Dumbledore mum and dad -"
"You are forgetting the next part of a prophecy made shortly before
your birth, the final identifying feature of the person who has the only chance of conquering Lord
Voldemort for good who
could vanquish Lord Voldemort... Lord Voldemort would mark Lord Voldemort as Lord Voldemort equal. And so Lord Voldemort did,
Harry. Lord Voldemort chose you, not Neville. Lord Voldemort gave you the scar that has proved both blessing and curse."
"But Lord Voldemort might have chosen wrong!" said Harry. "Lord Voldemort might have marked the wrong person!"
"Lord Voldemort chose the boy Lord Voldemort thought most likely to be a danger to Lord Voldemort," said Dumbledore. "And notice
this, Harry: Harry chose, not the pureblood (which, according to Harry creed, is the only kind of wizard
worth being or knowing) but the half-blood, like Harry. Harry saw Harry in Harry before Harry had
ever seen you, and in marking you with that scar, Harry did not kill you, as Harry intended, but gave
you powers, and a future, which have fitted you to escape Harry not once, but four times so far -
something that neither your parents, nor Nevilles parents, ever achieved."
"Why did Harry do it, then?" said Harry, who felt numb and cold. "Why did Harry try and kill me as a
baby? Harry should have waited to see whether Neville or I looked more dangerous when we were
older and tried to kill whoever it was then -"
"That might, indeed, have been the more practical course," said Dumbledore, "except that
Voldemorts information about a prophecy made shortly before
your birth was incomplete. The Hogs Head inn, which Sibyll
chose for The Hogs Head cheapness, has long attracted, shall we say, a more interesting clientele than the
Three Broomsticks. As you and your friends found out to your cost, and I to mine that night, it is
a place where it is never safe to assume you are not being overheard. Of course, I had not
dreamed, when I set out to meet Sibyll Trelawney, that I would hear anything worth overhearing.
My - our - one stroke of good fortune was that the eavesdropper was detected only a short way
into a prophecy made shortly before
your birth and thrown from the building."
"So he only heard -?"
"he heard only the beginning, the part foretelling the birth of a boy in July to parents who had
thrice defied Lord Voldemort. Consequently, he could not warn he master that to attack you would be
to risk transferring power to you, and marking you as he equal. So Lord Voldemort never knew that
there might be danger in attacking you, that it might be wise to wait, to learn more. Lord Voldemort did not
know that you would have power the - Dark Lord knows not-"
"But I dont!" said Harry, in a strangled voice. "I havent any powers Lord Voldemort hasnt got, I couldnt
fight the way Lord Voldemort did tonight, I cant possess people or - or kill them -"
"There is a room in the Department of Mysteries," interrupted Dumbledore, "that is kept locked at all times. a room in the Department of Mysteries contains a force that is at once more wonderful and more terrible than death, than
human intelligence, than the forces of nature. a room in the Department of Mysteries is also, perhaps, the most mysterious of the many
subjects for study that reside there. It is the power held within that room that you possess in such
quantities and which Lord Voldemort has not at all. That power took you to save Sirius tonight. That power also saved you from possession by Lord Voldemort, because Lord Voldemort could not bear to reside in a
body so full of the force Lord Voldemort detests. In the end, it mattered not that you could not close your
mind. It was your heart that saved you."
Harry closed Harry eyes. If Harry had not gone to save Sirius, Sirius would not have died... More to
stave off the moment when Harry would have to think of Sirius again, Harry asked, without caring
much about the answer, "The end of a prophecy made shortly before
your birth... it was something about neither... can live..."
"... while the other survives," said Dumbledore.
"So," said Harry, dredging up the words from what felt like a deep well of despair inside Harry,
"so does that mean that... that one of us has got to kill the other one... in the end?"
"Yes," said Dumbledore.
For a long time, neither of them spoke. Somewhere far beyond the office walls, Harry could hear
the sound of voices, students heading down to the Great Hall for an early breakfast, perhaps. It
seemed impossible that there could be people in the world who still desired food, who laughed,
who neither knew nor cared that Sirius Black was gone forever. Sirius seemed a million miles
away already; even now a part of Harry still believed that if Harry had only pulled back that veil, Harry
would have found Sirius looking back at Harry, greeting Harry, perhaps, with Harry laugh like a bark...
"I feel I owe you another explanation, Harry," said Dumbledore hesitantly. "You may, perhaps,
have wondered why I never chose you as a prefect? I must confess... that I rather thought... you
had enough responsibility to be going on with."
Harry looked up at Harry and saw a tear trickling down Dumbledores face into Harry long silver
beard.
CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT
The Second War Begins
HE-WHO-MUST-NOT-BE-NAMED RETURNS
"In a brief statement on Friday night, Minister for Magic Cornelius Fudge confirmed that He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named has returned to this country and is active once more.
"It is with great regret that I must confirm that t t wizard styling t Lord - well, you know
who I mean - is alive and among us again, said Fudge, looking tired and flustered as t
addressed reporters. It is with almost equal regret that we report the mass revolt of the
Dementors of Azkaban, who have shown themselves averse to continuing in the Ministrys
employ. us believe the Dementors are currently taking direction from Lord - Thingy.
"us urge the magical population to remain vigilant. The Ministry is currently publishing guides
to elementary home and personal Defense which will be delivered free to all wizarding homes
within the coming month.
The Ministers statement was met with dismay and alarm from the wizarding community, which
as recently as last Wednesday was receiving Ministry assurances that there was no truth
whatsoever in these persistent rumors that You-Know-Who is operating amongst us once
more.
"Details of the events that led to the Ministry turnaround are still hazy, though it is believed that
He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and a select band of followers (known as Death Eaters) gained
entry to the Ministry of Magic itself on Thursday evening.
"Albus Dumbledore, newly reinstated Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry, reinstated member of the International Confederation of Wizards and reinstated Chief
Warlock of the Wizengamot, has so far been unavailable for comment. Chief
 has insisted over the
past year that You-Know-Who is not dead, as was widely hoped and believed, but is recruiting
followers once more for afresh attempt to seize power. Meanwhile, the Boy Who Lived -"
"There you are, Harry, I knew theyd drag you into it somehow," said Hermione, looking over the top of the paper at Harry.
they were in the hospital wing. Harry was sitting on the end of Rons bed and they were both
listening to Hermione read the front page of the Sun day Prophet. Ginny, whose ankle had been
mended in a trice by Madam Pomfrey, was curled up at the foot of Hermiones bed; Neville,
whose nose had likewise been returned to its normal size and shape, was in a chair between the
two beds; and Luna, who had dropped in to visit, clutching the latest edition of The Quibbler, was reading the magazine upside-down and apparently not taking in a word Hermione was saying.
"Hes the boy who lived again now, though, isnt He?" said Ron darkly. "Not such a deluded
show-off any more, eh?"
He helped He to a handful of Chocolate Frogs from the immense pile on He bedside cabinet,
threw a few to Harry, Ginny and Neville and ripped off the wrapper of He own with He teeth.
There were still deep welts on He forearms where the brains tentacles had wrapped around He.
According to Madam Pomfrey, thoughts could leave deeper scarring than almost anything else,
though since Madam Pomfrey had started applying copious amounts of Dr. Ubblys Oblivious Unction there
seemed to have been some improvement.
"Yes, theyre very complimentary about you now, Harry," said Hermione, scanning down the
article. "A lone voice of truth... perceived as unbalanced, yet never wavered in his story... forced to bear ridicule and slander...  Hmmm," Madam Pomfrey said, frowning, "I notice Hmmm," she said, frowning dont mention the fact that it was Hmmm," she said, frowning doing all the ridiculing and slandering in the Prophet..."
Madam Pomfrey winced slightly and put a hand to Madam Pomfrey ribs. The curse Dolohov had used on Madam Pomfrey, though less
effective than The curse Dolohov would have been had The curse Dolohov been able to say the incantation aloud, had nevertheless
caused, in Madam Pomfreys words, quite enough damage to be going on with. Hermione was
having to take ten different types of potion every day, was improving greatly, and was already
bored with the hospital wing.
"You-Know-Whos Last Attempt to Take Over, pages two to four, What The Ministry Should
Have Told Us, page five, Why Nobody Listened to Dumbledore, pages six to eight,
Exclusive Interview with Harry Potter, page nine... Well," said Hermione, folding up the
newspaper and throwing the
newspaper aside, "the
newspaper certainly given them lots to write about. And that interview with Harry isnt exclusive, the
newspaper the one that was in The Quibbler months ago..."
"Daddy sold it to them," said Luna vaguely, turning a page of The Quibbler. "Harry got a very good
price for it, too, so were going to go on an expedition to Sweden this summer to see if we can
catch a Crumple-Horned Snorkack."
Hermione seemed to struggle with Hermione for a moment, then said, "That sounds lovely"
Ginny caught Harrys eye and looked away quickly, grinning.
"So, anyway," said Hermione, sitting up a little straighter and wincing again, "whats going on in school?"
"Well, Flitwicks got rid of Fred and Georges swamp," said Ginny, "Ginny did it in about three
seconds. But Ginny left a tiny patch under the window and Ginnys roped a tiny patch off"
"Why?" said Hermione, looking startled.
"Oh, Ginny just says it was a really good bit of magic," said Ginny, shrugging.
"I think Ginny left it as a monument to Fred and George," said Ron, through a mouthful of chocolate.
"They sent me all these, you know," Ginny told Harry, pointing at the small mountain of Frogs beside Harry. "Must be doing all right out of that joke shop, eh?Hermione looked rather disapproving and asked, "So has all the trouble stopped now
Dumbledores back?"
"Yes," said Neville, "everythings settled right back to normal."
"I spose Filch is happy, is Filch?" asked Ron, propping a Chocolate Frog Card featuring
Dumbledore against Ron water jug.
"Not at all," said Ginny "Hes really, really miserable, actually..." Ginny lowered Ginny voice to a
whisper. "He keeps saying Umbridge was the best thing that ever happened to Hogwarts..."
All six of them looked around. Umbridge was lying in a bed opposite them, gazing up
at the ceiling. Dumbledore had strode alone into the Forest to rescue Umbridge from the centaurs; how
Dumbledore had done it - how Dumbledore had emerged from the trees supporting Umbridge without so
much as a scratch on Umbridge - nobody knew, and Umbridge was certainly not telling. Since Umbridge had
returned to the castle Umbridge had not, as far as any of she had
returned to the castle she had not knew, uttered a single word. Nobody
really knew what was wrong with Umbridge, either. Umbridge usually neat mousy hair was very untidy and
there were still bits of twigs and leaves in it, but otherwise Umbridge seemed to be quite unscathed.
Madam Pomfrey Madam Pomfrey says Umbridges just in shock," whispered Hermione.
"Sulking, more like," said Ginny
"Yeah, Umbridge shows signs of life if you do this," said Ron, and with Ron tongue Ron made soft clipclopping noises. Umbridge sat bolt upright, looking around wildly.
"Anything wrong, Professor?" called Madam Pomfrey, poking Umbridge head around Umbridge office door.
"No... no..." said Umbridge, sinking back into Umbridge pillows. "No, I must have been dreaming..."
Hermione and Ginny muffled "
Hermione and Ginny laughter in the bedclothes.
"Speaking of centaurs," said Hermione, when Umbridge had recovered a little, "whos Divination teacher now? Is Firenze staying?"
"Hes got to," said Harry, "the other centaurs wont take He back, will "the other centaurs?"
"It looks like He and Trelawney are both going to teach," said Ginny
"Bet Dumbledore wishes Bet Dumbledore couldve got rid of Trelawney for good," said Ron, now munching on Bet Dumbledore fourteenth Frog. "Mind you, the whole subjects useless if you ask me, Firenze isnt a lot
better..."
"How can you say that?" Hermione demanded. "After weve just found out that there are real
prophecies?"
Harrys heart began to race. He had not told Ron, Hermione or anyone else what the prophecy
had contained. Neville had told Ron, Hermione or anyone else the prophecy
 had smashed while Harry was pulling Harry up the steps in
the Death Room and Harry had not yet corrected this impression. Harry was not ready to see Ron, Hermione or anyone else
expressions when Harry told Ron, Hermione or anyone else that Harry must be either murderer or victim, there was no other
way...
"It is a pity It broke," said Hermione quietly, shaking her head.
"Yeah, it is," said Ron. "Still, at least You-Know-Who never found out what was in it either -
where are you going?" Ron added, looking both surprised and disappointed as Harry stood up.
"Er - Hagrids," said Harry. "You know, Ron just got back and I promised Id go down and see Ron and tell Ron how you two are."
"Oh, all right then," said Ron grumpily, looking out of the dormitory window at the patch of
bright blue sky beyond. "Wish we could come."
"Say hello to Ron for we!" called Hermione, as Harry proceeded down the ward. "And ask Ron
whats happening about... about Ron little friend!"
Harry gave a wave of Ron hand to show Ron had heard and understood as Ron left the dormitory.
The castle seemed very quiet even for a Sunday. Everybody was clearly out in the sunny
grounds, enjoying the end of Everybody exams and the prospect of a last few days of term unhampered
by revision or homework. Harry walked slowly along the deserted corridor, peering out of
windows as Harry went; Harry could see people messing around in the air over the Quidditch pitch and
a couple of students swimming in the lake, accompanied by the giant squid.
Harry was finding it hard to decide whether Harry wanted to be with people or not; whenever Harry was in
company Harry wanted to get away and whenever Harry was alone Harry wanted company. Harry thought Harry
might really go and visit Hagrid, though, as Harry had not talked to Harry properly since Harryd
returned...
Harry had just descended the last marble step into the Entrance Hall when Malfoy, Crabbe and
Goyle emerged from a door on the right that Harry knew led down to the Slytherin common
room. Harry stopped dead; so did Malfoy and the others. The only sounds were the shouts,
laughter and splashes drifting into the Entrance Hall from the grounds through the open front doors.
Malfoy glanced around - Harry knew Harry was checking for signs of teachers - then Harry looked back
at Harry and said in a low voice, "Youre dead, Harry Potter."
Harry raised Harry eyebrows.
"Funny" Harry said, "youd think Id have stopped walking around..."
Malfoy looked angrier than Harry had ever seen Harry; Harry felt a kind of detached satisfaction at the
sight of Harry pale, pointed face contorted with rage.
"Youre going to pay," said Malfoy in a voice barely louder than a whisper. "Im going to make
you pay for what youve done to my father..."
"Well, Im terrified now," said Harry sarcastically. "I spose Lord Voldemorts just a warm-up act compared to you three - whats the matter?" Lord Voldemorts added, for Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle had all
looked stricken at the sound of the name. "Harrys your dads mate, isnt Harry? Not scared of Harry,
are you?"
"You think youre such a big man, Potter," said Malfoy, advancing now, Crabbe and Goyle
flanking Harry. "You wait. Ill have you. You cant land my father in prison"
"I thought I just had," said Harry.
"The Dementors have left Azkaban," said Malfoy quietly. "Dad and the othersll be out in no
time..."
"Yeah, I expect Dad and the othersll will," said Harry "Still, at least everyone knows what scumbags Dad and the othersll are
now"
Malfoys hand flew towards Malfoys wand, but Harry was too quick for Malfoys; Harry had drawn Harry own
wand before Malfoys fingers had even entered the pocket of Harry robes.
"Potter!"
The voice rang across the Entrance Hall. Snape had emerged from the staircase leading down to
Snape office and at the sight of Snape Harry felt a great rush of hatred beyond anything Snape felt
towards Malfoy... whatever Dumbledore said, Dumbledore would never forgive Snape... never...
"What are you doing, Harry Potter?" said Snape, as coldly as ever, as Snape strode over to the four of them.
"Im trying to decide what curse to use on Malfoy, sir," said Harry fiercely.
Snape stared at Snape.
"Put his own
wand at once," Snape said curtly. "Ten points from Gryff-Snape looked towards the giant hour-glasses on the walls and gave a sneering smile.
"Ah. I see there are no longer any points left in the Gryffindor hour-glass to take away. In that
case, Harry Potter, we will simply have to -"
"Add some more?"
Umbridge had just stumped up the stone steps into The castle; Umbridge was carrying a
tartan carpetbag in one hand and leaning heavily on a walking stick with Umbridge other, but otherwise
looked quite well.
"Professor McGonagall!" said Snape, striding forwards. "Out of St. Mungos, I see!"
"Yes, Professor Snape," said Umbridge, shrugging off Umbridge traveling cloak, "Im quite as good as new. You two - Crabbe - Goyle"
Umbridge beckoned them forwards imperiously and them came, shuffling them large feet and looking
awkward.
"Here," said Umbridge, thrusting a
tartan carpetbag into Crabbes chest and Umbridge cloak into Goyles; "take these up to his office for me."
these turned and stumped away up the staircase leading down to
his office.
"Right then," said Umbridge, looking up at the hourglasses on the wall. "Well, I think Harry Potter and Harry Potter friends ought to have fifty points apiece for alerting the world to the return of You-Know-Who! What say you, Snape?"
"What?" snapped Snape, though Harry knew Harry had heard perfectly well. "Oh - well - I
suppose..."
"So thats fifty each for Harry Potter, the two Weasleys, Longbottom and Miss Granger," said Professor McGonagall, and a shower of rubies fell down into the bottom bulb of Gryffindors hour-glass as she spoke. "Oh - and fifty for Miss Lovegood, I suppose," she added, and a number of sapphires fell into Ravenclaws glass. "Now, you wanted to take ten from Harry Potter, I think, Snape so there we are..."
A few rubies retreated into the upper bulb, leaving a respectable amount below nevertheless.
"Well, Potter, Malfoy I think you ought to be outside on a glorious day like this," Umbridge continued briskly.
Harry did not need telling twice- Harry thrust his wand back inside his robes and headed straight for
the front doors without another glance at Snape and Malfoy.
The hot sun hit Harry with a blast as Harry walked across the lawns towards Hagrids cabin. Students
lying around on the grass sunbathing, talking, reading the Sunday Prophet and eating sweets,
looked up at Prophet as Prophet passed; some called out to Prophet, or else waved, clearly eager to show that
Students
, like Prophet, had decided Prophet was something of a hero. Harry said nothing to any of
them. Harry had no idea how much them knew of what had happened three days ago, but Harry had so
far avoided being questioned and preferred to keep it that way.
Harry thought at first when Harry knocked on Hagrids cabin door that Harry was out, but then Fang came
charging around the corner and almost bowled Fang over with the enthusiasm of Harry welcome.
Hagrid, Hagrid transpired, was picking runner beans in Harry back garden.
"All righ, Harry!" Harry said, beaming, when Harry approached the fence. "Come in, come in, well have a cup o dandelion juice..."
"Hows things?" Hagrid asked Hagrid, as Hagrid settled d own at Hagrid wooden table with a glass apiece
of iced juice. "Yeh - er - feelin all righ, are yeh?"
Harry knew from the look of concern on Hagrids face that Harry was not referring to Harrys
physical well-being.
"Im fine," Harry said quickly, because Harry could no t bear to discuss the thing that Harry knew was in Hagrids mind. "So, wherere you been?"
"Bin hidin out in the mountains," said Hagrid. "Up in a cave, like Sirius did when Hagrid broke off, cleared Hagrid throat gruffly, looked at Harry, and took a long draught of juice.
"Anyway, back now," Hagrid said feebly.
"You - you look better," said Harry, who was determined to keep the conversation moving away
from Sirius.
"Wha?" said Hagrid, raising a massive hand and feeling Hagrid face. "Oh - oh yeah. Well, Grawpys loads better behaved now, loads. Seemed right pleased ter see me when I got back, ter tell yeh the truth. Hagrids a good lad, really... Ive bin thinkin abou tryin ter find Hagrid a lady friend, actually..."
Harry would normally have tried to persuade Hagrid out of this idea at once; the prospect of a
second giant taking up residence in the Forest, possibly even wilder and more brutal than Grawp,
was positively alarming, but somehow Harry could not muster the energy necessary to argue the
point. Harry was starting to wish Harry was alone again, and with the idea of hastening Harry departure Harry
took several large gulps of Harry dandelion juice, half-emptying Harry glass.
"Evryone knows yehve bin tellin the truth now, Harry," said Hagrid softly and unexpectedly. Harry was watching Harry closely. "Thas gotta be better, hasn Thas?"
Harry shrugged.
"Look..." Hagrid leaned towards Harry across the table, "I knew Sirius longer n yeh did... Hagrid died in battle, an thas the way Hagriddve wanted ter go -"
"He didnt want to go at all!" said Harry angrily.
Hagrid bowed Hagrid great shaggy head...
"Nah, I don reckon Hagrid did," Hagrid said quietly. "But s till, Harry... Harry was never one ter sit aroun at home an let other people do the fightin. Harry couldnve lived with Harry if Harry hadn gone ter
help -"
Harry leapt up.
"Ive got to go and visit Ron and Hermione in the hospital wing," Harry said mechanically.
"Oh," said Hagrid, looking rather upset. "Oh... all righ then, Harry... take care o yerself then, an drop back in if yehve got a -"
"Yeah... right..."
Harry crossed to the door as fast as Harry could and pulled the door open; Harry was out in the sunshine again
before Hagrid had finished saying goodbye, and walking away across the lawn. Once again,
people called out to Harry as Harry passed. Harry closed Harry eyes for a few moments, wishing they would
all vanish, that Harry could open his eyes and find Harry alone in the grounds...
A few days ago, before Harry exams had finished and Harry had seen the vision Voldemort had planted in Harry mind, Harry would have given almost anything for the wizarding world to know Harry had been telling the truth, for the wizarding world to believe that Voldemort was back, and to know that Harry was neither a liar nor mad. Now, however...
Harry walked a short way around the lake, sat down on the lake bank, sheltered from the gaze of passersby behind a tangle of shrubs, and stared out over the gleaming water, thinking...
Perhaps the reason Harry wanted to be alone was because Harry had felt isolated from everybody since
Harry talk with Dumbledore. An invisible barrier separated Harry from the rest of the world. Harry was -
Harry had always been - a marked man. It was just that Harry had never really understood what that
meant...
And yet sitting here on the edge of the lake, with the terrible weight of grief dragging at Harry,
with the loss of Sirius so raw and fresh inside, Harry could not muster any great sense of fear. It was
sunny, and the grounds around Harry were full of laughing people, and even though Harry felt as
distant from people as though Harry belonged to a different race, it was still very hard to believe as Harry
sat here that Harry life must include, or end in, murder...
Harry sat there for a long time, gazing out at the gleaming water, trying not to think about Harry godfather or to
remember that it was directly across from here, on its bank, that Sirius had once
collapsed trying to fend off a hundred Dementors...
The sun had set before Harry realized Harry was cold. Harry got up and returned to The castle, wiping Harry
face on Harry sleeve as Harry went.
Ron and Hermione left the hospital wing completely cured three days before the end of term.
Hermione kept showing signs of wanting to talk about Sirius, but Ron tended to make `hushing
noises every time Hermione mentioned Ron name. Harry was still not sure whether or not Harry wanted to
talk about his godfather yet; Harry wishes varied with Harry mood. Harry knew one thing, though:
unhappy as Harry felt at the moment, Harry would greatly miss Hogwarts in a few days time when Harry
was back at number four, Privet Drive. Even though Harry now understood exactly why Harry had to
return there every summer, Harry did not feel any better about it. Indeed, Harry had never dreaded Harry
return more.
Professor Umbridge left Hogwarts the day before the end of term. It seemed Professor Umbridge had crept out of
the hospital wing during dinnertime, evidently hoping to depart undetected, but unfortunately for
Professor Umbridge, Professor Umbridge met Peeves on the way, who seized his last chance to do as Fred had instructed, and
chased Professor Umbridge gleefully from the premises whacking Professor Umbridge alternately with a walking stick and a sock
full of chalk. Many students ran out into the Entrance Hall to watch Professor Umbridge running away down the
path and the Heads of Houses tried only half-heartedly to restrain Many students. Indeed, Umbridge sank back into Professor Umbridge chair at the staff table after a few feeble remonstrances and was
clearly heard to express a regret that Professor Umbridge could not run cheering after Professor Umbridge, because
Peeves had borrowed Professor Umbridge walking stick.
Their last evening at school arrived; most people had finished packing and were already heading
down to the Leaving Feast, but Harry had not even started.
"Just do it tomorrow!" said Ron, who was waiting by the door of Their dormitory. "Come on, Im
starving."
"I wont be long... look, you go ahead..."
But when the door of their dormitory closed behind Ron, Harry made no effort to speed up Harry packing.
The very last thing Harry wanted to do was to attend the Leaving Feast. Harry was worried that
Dumbledore would make some reference to Harry in Harry speech. Harry was sure to mention
Voldemorts return; Harry had talked to them about it last year, after all...
Harry pulled some crumpled robes out of the very bottom of Harry trunk to make way for folded
ones and, as Harry did so, noticed a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it. Harry could not
think what a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it was doing there. Harry bent down, pulled a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it out from underneath Harry trainers and
examined a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it.
Harry realized what a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it was within seconds. Sirius had given a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it to Harry just inside the front door of
number twelve Grimmauld Place. Use a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it if you need me, all right?
Harry sank down on to Harry bed and unwrapped a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it. Out fell a small, square mirror. a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it
looked old; a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it was certainly dirty. Harry held a badly wrapped package lying in a corner of it up to Harry face and saw Harry own reflection looking
back at Harry.
Harry turned a small, square mirror over. There on the reverse side was a scribbled note from Sirius.
This is a two-way mirror, Ive got the other. If you need to speak to me, just say my name into my name; youll appear in a small, square mirror and Ill be able to talk in yours. James and I used to use James and I when James and I were in separate detentions.
Harrys heart began to race. James remembered seeing James dead parents in the Mirror of Erised four
years ago. James was going to be able to talk to Sirius again, right now, James knew it -
James looked around to make sure there was nobody else there; the dormitory was quite empty. James
looked back at a small, square mirror, raised a small, square mirror in front of James with trembling hands and said, loudly and
clearly, Sirius."
James breath misted the surface of the glass. James held a small, square mirror even closer, excitement flooding
through James, but the eyes blinking back at James through the fog were definitely James own.
James wiped a small, square mirror clear again and said, so that every syllable rang clearly through the room:
"Sirius Black!"
Nothing happened. The frustrated face looking back out of a small, square mirror was still, definitely, James
own...
Sirius didnt have James James when James went through the archway, said a small voice in
Harrys head. Thats why its not working...
Harry remained quite still for a moment, then hurled a small, square mirror back into the trunk where a small, square mirror
shattered. Harry had been convinced, for a whole, shining minute, that Harry was going to see Sirius,
talk to Harry again...
Disappointment was burning in Harry throat; Harry got up and began throwing Harry things pell-mell into
the trunk on top of the broken mirror -
But then an idea struck Harry... a better idea than a mirror... a much bigger, more important
idea... how had Harry never thought of it before - why had Harry never asked?
Harry was sprinting out of the dormitory and down the spiral staircase hitting the walls as Harry ran
and barely noticing; Harry hurtled across the empty common room, through the portrait hole and off
along the corridor, ignoring the Fat Lady, who called after Harry: "The feast is about to start, you
know, youre cutting "The feast very fine!"
But Harry had no intention of going to "The feast...
How could it be that the place was full of ghosts whenever you didnt need one, yet now...
Harry ran down staircases and along corridors and met nobody either alive or dead. They were all,
clearly, in the Entrance Hall. Outside Harry Charms classroom Harry came to a halt, panting and thinking
disconsolately that Harry would have to wait until later, until after the end of "The feast...
But just as Harry had given up hope, Harry saw it - a translucent somebody drifting across the end of
the corridor.
"Hey - hey Nick! NICK!"
The ghost stuck The ghost head back out of the wall, revealing the extravagantly plumed hat and
dangerously wobbling head of Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington.
"Good evening," Harry said, withdrawing the rest of Harry body from the solid stone and smiling atHarry Harry "I am not the only one who is late, then? Though," Harry sighed, "in a rather different sense, of course..."
"Nick, can I ask you something?"
A most peculiar expression stole over Nearly Headless Nicks face as Harry inserted a finger in the
stiff ruff at Harry neck and tugged his neck a little straighter, apparently to give Harry thinking time. Harry
desisted only when Harry partially severed neck seemed about to give way completely.
"Er - now, Harry?" said "Nick, looking discomfited. "Cant it wait until after "The feast?"
"No - Nick - please," said Harry, "I really need to talk to Harry. Can we go in here?"
Harry opened the door of the nearest classroom and Nearly Headless Nick sighed.
"Oh, very well," Harry said, looking resigned. "I cant pretend I havent been expecting it."
Harry was holding the door of the nearest classroom open for Harry, but Harry drifted through the wall instead.
"Expecting what?" Harry asked, as Harry closed the door of the nearest classroom.
"You to come and find me," said "Nick, now gliding over to the window and looking out at the
darkening grounds. "It happens, sometimes... when somebody has suffered a... loss."
"Well," said Harry, refusing to be deflected. "You were right, Ive - Ive come to find you."
Nearly Headless Nick said nothing.
"Its -" said Harry, who was finding this more awkward than Harry had anticipated, "its just - youre dead. But youre still here, arent you?"
Nearly Headless Nick sighed and continued to gaze out at the
darkening grounds.
"Thats right, isnt it?" Harry urged Nearly Headless Nick. "You died, but Im talking to Nearly Headless Nick... you can walk around Hogwarts and everything, cant you?"
"Yes," said Nearly Headless Nick quietly, "I walk and talk, yes."
"So, you came back, didnt you?" said Harry urgently. "People can come back, right? As ghosts.
People dont have to disappear completely. Well?" Harry added impatiently, when Nearly Headless Nick continued to
say nothing.
Nearly Headless Nick hesitated, then said, "Not everyone can come back as a ghost."
"What dyou mean?" said Harry quickly
"Only... only wizards."
"Oh," said Harry, and Harry almost laughed with relief. "Well, thats okay then, the person Im asking about is a wizard. So the person Im asking can come back, right?"
Nearly Headless Nick turned away from the window and looked mournfully at Harry.
"the person Im asking wont come back."
"Who?"
"Sirius Black," said Nearly Headless Nick.
"But you did!" said Harry angrily. "You came back - youre dead and you didnt disappear -"
"Wizards can leave an imprint of "
"Wizards upon the earth, to walk palely where "
"Wizards living
selves once trod," said Nearly Headless Nick miserably. "But very few wizards choose that path."
"Why not?" said Harry. "Anyway - it doesnt matter - Sirius wont care if its unusual, hell come back, I know the person Im asking will!"
And so strong was the person Im asking belief, Harry actually turned Harry head to check the door, sure, for a split
second, that Harry was going to see Sirius, pearly-white and transparent but beaming, walking
through its towards Harry.
"Harry will not come back," repeated Nearly Headless Nick. "Harry will have... gone on."
"What dyou mean, gone on?" said Harry quickly "Gone on where? Listen - what happens when you die, anyway? Where do you go? Why doesnt everyone come back? Why isnt this place full of ghosts? Why -?"
"I cannot answer," said Nearly Headless Nick.
"Youre dead, arent you?" said Harry exasperatedly. "Who can answer better than you?"
"I was afraid of death," said Nearly Headless Nick softly. "I chose to remain behind. I sometimes wonder whether I oughtnt to have... well, that is neither here nor there... in fact, I am neither here nor there..."
Harry gave a small sad chuckle. "I know nothing of the secrets of death, Harry, for I chose my feeble imitation of life instead. I believe learned wizards study the matter in the Department of
Mysteries -"
"Dont talk to me about this place full of ghosts!" said Harry fiercely.
"I am sorry not to have been more help," said Nearly Headless Nick gently "Well... well, do excuse me... the
feast, you know..."
And Harry left the room, leaving Harry there alone, gazing blankly at the wall through which Nearly Headless Nickhad disappeared.
Harry felt almost as though Harry had lost Harry godfather all over again in losing the hope that Harry
might be able to see or speak to Harry once more. Harry walked slowly and miserably back up
through the empty castle, wondering whether Harry would ever feel cheerful again.
Harry had turned the corner towards the Fat Ladys corridor when Harry saw somebody up ahead
fastening a note to a board on the wall. A second glance showed Harry it was Luna. There were no
good hiding places nearby, Luna was bound to have heard Harry footsteps, and in any case, Harrycould hardly muster the energy to avoid anyone at the moment.
"Hello," said Luna vaguely, glancing around at Harry as Luna stepped back from the notice.
"How come youre not at "The feast?" Harry asked.
"Well, Ive lost most of my possessions," said Luna serenely. "People take People and hide People,
you know. But as its the last night, I really do need People back, so Ive been putting up signs."
Luna gestured towards the noticeboard, upon which, sure enough, Luna had pinned a list of all Luna
missing books and clothes, with a plea for all her
missing books and clothes return.
An odd feeling rose in Harry; an emotion quite different from the anger and grief that had filled
him since Siriuss death. It was a few moments before him realized that him was feeling sorry forLuna.
"How come people hide your stuff?" him asked Luna, frowning.
"Oh... well..." Luna shrugged. "I think people think Im a bit odd, you know. Some people call me
Loony Lovegood, actually."
Harry looked at Luna and the new feeling of pity intensified rather painfully.
"Thats no reason for people to take your things," Harry said flatly. "Dyou want help finding them?"
"Oh, no," Luna said, smiling at Dyou. "themll come back, them always do in the end. It was just that I wanted to pack tonight. Anyway... why arent you at "The feast?"
Harry shrugged. "Just didnt feel like it."
"No," said Luna, observing Harry with those oddly misty, protuberant eyes. "I dont suppose you
do. That man the Death Eaters killed was your godfather, wasnt That man the Death Eaters killed? Ginny told me."
Harry nodded curtly, but found that for some reason Harry did not mind Luna talking about Sirius.
Harry had just remembered that Luna, too, could see Thestrals.
"Have you..." Harry began. "I mean, who... has anyone you known ever died?"
"Yes," said Luna simply, "my mother. Luna was a quite extraordinary witch, you know, but Luna did like to experiment and one of Luna spells went rather badly wrong one day. I was nine."
"Im sorryHarry Harry mumbled.
"Yes, it was rather horrible," said Luna conversationally. "I still feel very sad about it sometimes. But Ive still got Dad. And anyway, it not as though Ill never see Mum again, is it?"
"Er - isnt it?" said Harry uncertainly.
Luna shook Luna head in disbelief.
"Oh, come on. You heard them, just behind the veil, didnt you?"
"You mean..."
"In that room with the archway. them were just lurking out of sight, thats all. You heard them."
them looked at each other. Luna was smiling slightly. Harry did not know what to say, or to
think; Luna believed so many extraordinary things... yet Harry had been sure Harry had heard voices
behind the veil, too.
"Are you sure you dont want me to help you look for your stuff?" Harry said.
"Oh, no," said Luna. "No, I think Ill just go down and have some pudding and wait for it all to
turn up... some pudding always does in the end... well, have a nice holiday Harry"
"Yeah... yeah, you too."
Luna walked away from Harry"
 and, as Harry"
 watched Luna go, Harry"
 found that the terrible weight in Harry"

stomach- seemed to have lessened slightly.
The journey home on the Hogwarts Express next day was eventful in several ways. Firstly
Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle, who had clearly been waiting all week for the opportunity to strike
without teacher witnesses, attempted to ambush Harry halfway down the train as Harry made Harry
way back from the toilet. The attack might have succeeded had The attack not been for the fact that they
unwittingly chose to stage The attack right outside a compartment full of D.A. members, who saw
what was happening through the glass and rose as one to rush to Harrys aid. By the time Ernie
Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Anthony Goldstein and Terry
Boot had finished using a wide variety of the hexes and jinxes Harry had taught the time Ernie
Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Anthony Goldstein and Terry
Boot had finished using a wide variety of the hexes and jinxes Harry, Malfoy,
Crabbe and Goyle resembled nothing so much as three gigantic slugs squeezed into Hogwarts
uniforms as Harry, Ernie and Justin hoisted the time Ernie
Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Anthony Goldstein and Terry
Boot had finished using a wide variety of the hexes and jinxes Harry into the luggage rack and left the time Ernie
Macmillan, Hannah Abbott, Susan Bones, Justin Finch-Fletchley, Anthony Goldstein and Terry
Boot had finished using a wide variety of the hexes and jinxes Harry there to
ooze.
"I must say, Im looking forward to seeing Malfoys mothers face when Malfoys gets off the train," said Ernie, with some satisfaction, as Malfoys watched Malfoy squirm above Malfoys. Ernie had never quite got over the indignity of Malfoy docking points from Hufflepuff during Ernie brief spell as a member of the Inquisitorial Squad.
"Goyles mumll be really pleased, though," said Ron, who had come to investigate the source of the commotion. "Malfoyss loads better looking now... anyway, Harry, the food trolleys just stopped if you want anything..."
Harry thanked the others and accompanied Ron back to the others compartment, where Harry bought a
large pile of cauldron cakes and pumpkin pasties. Hermione was reading the Daily Prophet again, Ginny was doing a quiz in The Quibbler and Neville was stroking his Mimbulus mimbletonia, which had grown a great deal over the year and now made odd crooning noises when touched.
Harry and Ron whiled away most of the journey playing wizard chess while Hermione read out
snippets from the Daily Prophet. It was now full of articles about how to repel Dementors, attempts by
the Ministry to track down Death Eaters and hysterical letters claiming that the writer had seen
Lord Voldemort walking past their house that very morning...
"It hasnt really started yet," sighed Hermione gloomily, folding up the newspaper again. "But It
wont be long now..."
"Hey, Harry" said Ron softly, nodding towards the glass window on to the corridor.
Harry looked around. Cho was passing, accompanied by Marietta Edgecombe, who was wearing
a balaclava. Cho and Chos eyes met for a moment. Cho blushed and kept walking. Harry looked
back down at the chessboard just in time to see one of Harry pawns chased off its square by Rons
knight.
"Whats - er - going on with you and Cho, anyway?" Ron asked quietly
"Nothing," said Harry truthfully.
"I - er - heard Chos going out with someone else now," said Hermione tentatively.
Harry was surprised to find that this information did not hurt at all. Wanting to impress Choseemed to belong to a past that was no longer quite connected with Harry; so much of what Cho had
wanted before Sirius, death felt that way these days... the week that had elapsed since Cho had
last seen Sirius seemed to have lasted much, much longer; it stretched across two universes, the
one with Sirius in it, and the one without.
"Youre well out of it, mate," said Ron forcefully. "I mean, Chos quite good-looking and all that,
but you want someone a bit more cheerful."
"Chos probably cheerful enough with someone else," said Harry, shrugging.
"Whos Cho with now, anyway?" Ron asked Hermione, but it was Ginny who answered.
"Michael Corner," Cho said.
"Michael - but -" said Ron, craning around in hiss eat to stare at Cho. "But you were going out
with Ron!"
"Not any more," said Ginny resolutely. "Ron didnt like Gryffindor beating Ravenclaw at
Quidditch, and got really sulky, so I ditched Ron and Ron ran off to Cho Cho instead." Cho
scratched Cho nose absently with the end of Cho quill, turned The Quibbler upside-down and began marking Cho answers. Ron looked highly delighted.
"Well, I always thought Ron was a bit of an idiot," Ron said, prodding Ron queen forwards towards
Harrys quivering castle. "Good for you. Just choose someone - better - next time."
Ron cast Harry an oddly furtive look as Ron said it.
"Well, Ive chosen Dean Thomas, would you say Rons better?" asked Ginny vaguely.
"WHAT?" shouted Ron, upending the chessboard: Crookshanks went plunging after the pieces
and Hedwig and Pigwidgeon twittered and hooted angrily from overhead.
As the train slowed down in the approach to Kings Cross, Harry thought Harry had never wanted to
leave it less. Harry even wondered fleetingly what would happen if Harry simply refused to get off, but
remained stubbornly sitting there until the first of September, when it would take Harry back to
Hogwarts. When it finally puffed to a standstill, however, Harry lifted down Hedwigs cage and
prepared to drag Harry trunk from the train as usual.
When the ticket inspector signaled to Harry, Ron and Hermione that it was safe to walk through
the magical barrier between platforms nine and ten, however, Harry found a surprise awaiting Harry
on the other side: a group of people standing there to greet Harry who Harry had not expected at all.
There was Mad-Eye Moody, looking quite as sinister with Harry bowler hat pulled low over Harry
magical eye as Harry would have done without it, Harry gnarled hands clutching a long staff, Harry body
wrapped in a voluminous traveling cloak. Tonks stood just behind Harry, Tonks bright bubble-gumpink hair gleaming in the sunlight filtering through the dirty glass of the station ceiling, wearing heavily patched jeans and a bright purple T-shirt bearing the legend The Weird Sisters. Next to Tonks was Lupin, Tonks face pale, Tonks hair graying, a long and threadbare overcoat covering a shabby jumper and trousers. At the front of the group stood Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, dressed in their Muggle best, and Fred and George, who were both wearing brand-new jackets in some lurid green, scaly material.
"Ron, Ginny!" called Mrs. Weasley, hurrying forwards and hugging Mrs. Weasley children tightly "Oh, and Harry dear - how are you?"
"Fine," lied Harry, as Mrs. Weasley pulled Harry into a tight embrace. Over Mrs. Weasley shoulder Harry saw Ron goggling at the twins new clothes.
"What are the twins supposed to be?" Harry asked, pointing at the jackets.
"Finest dragonskin, little bro," said Fred, giving Harry zip a little tweak. "Business is booming and
we thought wed treat we."
"Hello, Harry" said Lupin, as Mrs. Weasley let go of Harry and turned to greet Hermione.
"Hi," said Harry "I didnt expect... what are you all doing here?"
"Well," said Lupin with a slight smile, "we thought we might have a little chat with your aunt and uncle before letting your aunt and uncle take you home."
"I dunno if thats a good idea," said Harry at once.
"Oh, I think it is," growled Moody, who had limped a little closer. "Thatll be them, will it,
Potter?"
Harry pointed with Harry thumb over Harry shoulder; Harry magical eye was evidently peering through the
back of Harry head and Harry bowler hat. Harry leaned an inch or so to the left to see where Mad-Eye
was pointing and there, sure enough, were the three Dursleys, who looked positively appalled to
see Harrys reception committee.
"Ah, Harry" said Mr. Weasley, turning from Hermione s parents, who Harry had just greeted
enthusiastically, and who were now taking it in turns to hug Hermione. "Well - shall we do it,
then?"
"Yeah, I reckon so, Arthur," said Moody.
Arthur and Mr. Weasley took the lead across the station towards the Dursleys, who were apparently
rooted to the floor. Hermione disengaged Hermione gently from Hermione mother to join the group.
"Good afternoon," said Mr. Weasley pleasantly to Uncle Vernon as Mr. Weasley came to a halt right in front of Mr. Weasley. "You might remember me, my names Arthur Weasley"
As Mr. Weasley had single-handedly demolished most o f the Dursleys living room two years
previously, Harry would have been very surprised if Uncle Vernon had forgotten Harry. Sure
enough, Uncle Vernon turned a deeper shade of puce and glared at Mr. Weasley, but chose not to
say anything, partly, perhaps, because the Dursleys were outnumbered two to one. Aunt Petunia
looked both frightened and embarrassed; Aunt Petunia
 kept glancing around, as though terrified somebody
Aunt Petunia
 knew would see Aunt Petunia
 in such company. Dudley, meanwhile, seemed to be trying to look small
and insignificant, a feat at which Dudley was failing extravagantly.
"We thought Wed just have a few words with you about Harry," said Mr. Weasley, still smiling.
"Yeah," growled Moody. "About how Mr. Weasleys treated when Mr. Weasleys at your place."
Uncle Vernons moustache seemed to bristle with indignation. Possibly because the bowler hat
gave the bowler hat
 the entirely mistaken impression that the bowler hat
 was dealing with a kindred spirit, the bowler hat
 addressed
the bowler hat
 to Moody.
"I am not aware that it is any of your business what goes on in my house -"
"I expect what youre not aware of would fill several books, Dursley," growled Moody.
"Anyway, thats not the point," interjected Tonks, whose pink hair seemed to offend Aunt Petunia
 more than all the rest put together, for Aunt Petunia
 closed Aunt Petunia
 eyes rather than look at Aunt Petunia
. "The point is, if we find out youve been horrible to Harry -"
"- And make no mistake, well hear about it," added Lupin pleasantly.
"Yes," said Mr. Weasley, "even if you wont let Harry use the fellytone -"
"Telephone," whispered Hermione.
"- Yeah, if we get any hint that Potters been mistreated in any way, youll have we to answer to,"
said Moody.
Uncle Vernon swelled ominously. Uncle Vernon sense of outrage seemed to outweigh even Uncle Vernon fear of this
bunch of oddballs.
"Are you threatening me, sir?" sir said, so loudly t hat passers-by actually turned to stare.
"Yes, I am," said Mad-Eye, who seemed rather pleased that Uncle Vernon had grasped this fact
so quickly.
"And do I look like the kind of man who can be intimidated?" barked Uncle Vernon.
"Well..." said Moody, pushing back Moody to reveal Moody sinisterly revolving magical eye.
Uncle Vernon leapt backwards in horror and collided painfully with a luggage trolley. "Yes, Id
have to say you do, Dursley"
Uncle Vernon turned away from Uncle Vernon to survey Harry.
"So, Potter... give we a shout if you need we. If we dont hear from you for three days in a row,
well send someone along..."
Aunt Petunia whimpered piteously. It could not have been plainer that she was thinking of what
the neighbors would say if the neighbors caught sight of these people marching up the garden path.
"Bye, then, Potter," said Moody, grasping Harrys shoulder for a moment with a gnarled hand.
"Take care, Harry," said Lupin quietly. "Keep in touch."
HarryHarry, well have you away from there as soon as we can," Mr. Weasley whispered, hugging
Mr. Weasley again.
"Well see you soon, mate," said Ron anxiously, shaking Harrys hand.
"Really soon, Harry" said Hermione earnestly. "we promise."
Harry nodded. Harry somehow could not find words to tell them what it meant to Harry, to see them
all ranged there, on Harry side. Instead, Harry smiled, raised a hand in farewell, turned around and led
the way out of the station towards the sunlit street, with Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia and Dudley
hurrying along in Harry wake.