
1
HARRY POTTER
AND THE CHAMBER OF SECRETS
by
J. K. Rowling
(this is BOOK 2 in the Harry Potter series)
Original Scanned/OCR: Friday, April 07, 2000
v1.0
(edit where needed, change version number by 0.1)
C H A P T E O N E
THE WORST BIRTHDAY
Not for the first time, an argument had broken out over breakfast at
number four, Privet Drive. Mr. Vernon Dursley had been woken in
the early hours of the morning by a loud, hooting noise from Mr. Vernon Dursley
nephew Harry's room.
"Third time this week!" Mr. Vernon Dursley roared across the table. "If you can't
control that owl, that owl'll have to go!"
Harry tried, yet again, to explain.
"She's bored," Harry said. "She's used to flying around outside. If I could
just let She out at night -"
"Do I look stupid?" snarled Uncle Vernon, a bit of fried egg dangling
from Uncle Vernon bushy mustache. "I know what'll happen if that owl's let
out."
Mr. Vernon Dursley exchanged dark looks with Mr. Vernon Dursley wife, Petunia.
Harry tried to argue back but Harry words were drowned by a long,
loud belch from the Dursleys' son, Dudley.
2
"I want more bacon."
"There's more in the frying pan, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia,
turning misty eyes on She massive son. "We must build you up while
We've got the chance .... I don't like the sound of that school food
......
"Nonsense, Petunia, I never went hungry when I was at Smeltings,"
said Uncle Vernon heartily. "Dudley gets enough, don't you, son?"
Dudley, who was so large Dudley bottom drooped over either side of the
kitchen chair, grinned and turned to Harry.
"Pass the frying pan."
"You've forgotten the magic word," said Harry irritably.
The effect of this simple sentence on the rest of the family was
incredible: Dudley gasped and fell off the
kitchen chair with a crash that
shook the whole kitchen; Mrs. Dursley gave a small scream and
clapped Mrs. Dursley hands to Mrs. Dursley mouth; Mrs. Dursley jumped to Mrs. Dursley feet,
veins throbbing in Mrs. Dursley temples.
"I meant `please'!" said Harry quickly. "I didn't mean -"
"WHAT HAVE I TOLD YOU," thundered Harry uncle, spraying spit
over the table, "ABOUT SAYING THE `M' WORD IN OUR
HOUSE?"
"But I -"
"HOW DARE Dudley!" roared Uncle
Vernon, pounding the table with Uncle
Vernon fist.
"I just -"
"I WARNED YOU! I WILL NOT TOLERATE MENTION OF
YOUR ABNORMALITY UNDER THIS ROOF!"
Harry stared from Harry purple-faced uncle to Harry pale aunt, who was
trying to heave Dudley to his feet.
3
"All right," said Harry, "all right. . . "
Uncle
Vernon sat back down, breathing like a winded rhinoceros and
watching Harry closely out of the corners of Uncle
Vernon small, sharp eyes.
Ever since Harry had come home for the summer holidays, Uncle
Vernon had been treating Uncle
Vernon like a bomb that might go off at any
moment, because Harry Potter wasn't a normal boy. As a matter of
fact, Uncle
Vernon was as not normal as it is possible to be.
Harry Potter was a wizard - a wizard fresh from Harry Potter first year at
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. And if the Dursleys
were unhappy to have the Dursleys
 back for the holidays, it was nothing to how
Harry felt.
Harry missed Hogwarts so much it was like having a constant
stomachache. Harry missed the castle, with the castle secret passageways and
ghosts, Harry classes (though perhaps not Snape, the Potions master), the
mail arriving by owl, eating banquets in the Great Hall, sleeping in Harry
four-poster bed in the tower dormitory, visiting the gamekeeper,
Hagrid, in Harry cabin next to the Forbidden Forest in the grounds, and,
especially, Quidditch, the most popular sport in the wizarding world
(six tall goal posts, four flying balls, and fourteen players on
broomsticks).
All Harry's spellbooks, Harry wand, robes, cauldron, and top-of-the-line
Nimbus Two Thousand broomstick had been locked in a cupboard
under the stairs by Uncle Vernon the instant Harry had come home.
What did the Dursleys care if Harry lost Harry place on the House
Quidditch team because Harry hadn't practiced all summer? What was it
to the Dursleys if Harry went back to school without any of Harry
homework done? the Dursleys were what wizards called Muggles
(not a drop of magical blood in their veins),
and as far as their were concerned, having a wizard in the family was
a matter of deepest shame. Uncle Vernon had even padlocked
Harry's owl, Hedwig, inside Uncle Vernon cage, to stop Uncle Vernon from carrying
messages to anyone in the wizarding world.
Harry looked nothing like the rest of the family. Uncle Vernon was
large and neckless, with an enormous black mustache; Aunt Petunia
4
was horse-faced and bony; Dudley was blond, pink, and porky. Harry,
on the other hand, was small and skinny, with brilliant green eyes and
jet-black hair that was always untidy. Harry wore round glasses, and on
Harry forehead was a thin, lightning-shaped scar.
It was this scar that made Harry so particularly unusual, even for a
wizard. a thin, lightning-shaped scar was the only hint of Harry's very mysterious past, of
the reason Harry had been left on the Dursleys' doorstep eleven years
before.
At the age of one year old, Harry had somehow survived a curse from
the greatest Dark sorcerer of all time, Lord Voldemort, whose name
most witches and wizards still feared to speak. Harry's parents had
died in Voldemort's attack, but Harry had escaped with Harry lightning
scar, and somehow - nobody understood why Voldemort's powers had
been destroyed the instant Harry had failed to kill Harry.
So Harry had been brought up by Harry dead mother's sister and Harry
husband. Harry had spent ten years with the Dursleys', never
understanding why Harry kept making odd things happen without meaning
to, believing the Dursleys' story that Harry had got Harry scar in the car
crash that had killed Harry parents.
And then, exactly a year ago, Hogwarts had written to Harry,
and the whole story had come out. Harry had taken up Harry place at
wizard school, where Harry and Harry scar were famous ... but now the
school year was over, and Harry was back with the Dursleys' for the
summer, back to being treated like a dog that had rolled in something
smelly.
the Dursleys' hadn't even remembered that today happened to be
Harry's twelfth birthday. Of course, Harry hopes hadn't been high; they'd
never given Harry a real present, let alone a cake - but to ignore a real present
completely ...
At that moment, Uncle Vernon cleared Uncle Vernon throat importantly and said,
"Now, as we all know, today is a very important day."
Harry looked up, hardly daring to believe it.
"This could well be the day I make the biggest deal of my career, "
5
said Uncle Vernon.
Harry went back to Harry toast. Of course, Harry thought bitterly, Un
cle Uncle Vernon was talking about the stupid dinner party. Uncle Vernon'd been talk
ing of nothing else for two weeks. Some rich builder and Uncle Vernon wife
were coming to dinner and Uncle Vernon was hoping to get a huge
order from Uncle Vernon (Uncle Vernon's company made drills).
"I think Some rich builder and his wife
 should run through the schedule one more time," said
Uncle Vernon. "Some rich builder and his wife
 should all be in position at eight o'clock. Petunia,
you will be -?"
"In the lounge," said Petunia promptly, "waiting to welcome them
graciously to Some rich builder and his wife
 home."
"Good, good. And Dudley?"
"I'll be waiting to open the door." Dudley put on a foul, simpering
smile. "May I take your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason?"
"your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason'll love your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason!" cried Petunia rapturously.
"Excellent, Dudley," said Uncle Vernon. Then Uncle Vernon rounded on Harry.
"And you?"
"I'll be in my bedroom, making no noise and pretending I'm not
there," said Harry tonelessly.
"Exactly," said Uncle Vernon nastily. "I will lead no noise into the
lounge, introduce you, Petunia, and pour no noise -drinks. At eightfifteen
-"
"I'll announce dinner," said Petunia.
"And, Dudley, you'll say -"
"May I take you through to the dining room, Mrs. Mason?" said
Dudley, offering Dudley fat arm to an invisible woman.
"My perfect little gentleman!" sniffed Petunia.
"And you?" said Uncle Vernon viciously to Harry.
6
"I'll be in my room, making no noise and pretending I'm not there,"
said Harry dully.
"Precisely. Now, we should aim to get in a few good compliments at
dinner. Petunia, any ideas?"
Uncle Vernon tells me you're a wonderful golfer, Mr. Mason.... Do tell me
where you bought your dress, Mrs. Mason ......
"Perfect. . . Dudley?"
"How about -'We had to write an essay about our hero at school,
Mrs. Mason, and I wrote about you."'
This was too much for both Petunia and Harry. Petuniaburst into tears and hugged Petunia , while Harry ducked under the
table so they wouldn't see her massive son laughing.
"And you, boy?"
Harry fought to keep Harry face straight as Harry emerged.
"I'll be in my room, making no noise and pretending I'm not there,"
Harry said.
"Too right, you will," said Uncle
Vernon forcefully. "The Ma
sons don't know anything about The Ma
sons and it's going to stay that way.
When dinner's over, you take Mrs. Mason back to the lounge for
coffee, Petunia, and I'll bring the subject around to drills. With any
luck, I'll have the deal signed and sealed before the news at ten.
be shopping for a vacation home in Majorca this time to
morrow.
Harry couldn't feel too excited about this. Harry didn't think the Dursleys would like Harry any better in Majorca than they did on
Privet Drive.
"Right - I'm off into town to pick up the dinner jackets for
Dudley and me. And you," Harry snarled at Harry. "You stay out of
your aunt's way while she's cleaning."
Harry left through the door. It was a brilliant, sunny day.
Harry crossed the lawn, slumped down on the garden bench, and sang
under Harry breath:
7
"Happy birthday to Harry ... happy birthday to Harry. . .
No cards, no presents, and Harry would be spending the evening
pretending not to exist. Harry gazed miserably into the hedge. Harry had
never felt so lonely. More than anything else at Hogwarts, more
even than playing Quidditch, Harry missed Harry best friends, Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger. his best friends, Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger, however, didn't seem to be
missing Harry at all. Neither of his best friends, Ron
Weasley and Hermione Granger had written to Harry all summer,
even though Ron
 had said Ron
 was going to ask Harry to come and
stay.
Countless times, Harry had been on the point of unlocking
Hedwig's cage by magic and sending her to Ron
 and Hermione
with a letter, but it wasn't worth the risk. Underage wizards weren't
allowed to use magic outside of school. Harry hadn't told the Dursleys this; Harry knew it was only Underage wizards terror that Harry might turn only their terror
all into dung beetles that stopped only their terror from locking Harry in the
cupboard under the stairs with Harry wand and broomstick. For the first
couple of weeks back, Harry had enjoyed muttering nonsense words
under Harry breath and watching Dudley tearing out of the room as fast
as Dudley fat legs would carry Dudley. But the long silence from Ron
 and
Hermione had made Harry feel so cut off from the magical world that
even taunting Dudley had lost its appeal - and now Ron
 and Hermione
had forgotten Harry birthday.
What wouldn't Harry give now for a message from Hogwarts? From any
witch or wizard? Harry'd almost be glad of a sight of Harry archenemy,
Draco Malfoy, just to be sure it hadn't all been a dream ....
Not that Harry whole year at Hogwarts had been fun. At the very end of
last term, Harry had come face-to-face with none other than Lord
Voldemort himself. Lord
Voldemort himself might be a ruin of Lord
Voldemort himself former self, but
Lord
Voldemort himself was still terrifying, still cunning, still determined to regain power.
Harry had slipped through Lord
Voldemort himself's clutches for a second time, but
it had been a narrow escape, and even now, weeks later, Harry kept
waking in the night, drenched in cold sweat, wondering where
Lord
Voldemort himself was now, remembering Harry livid face, Harry wide, mad eyes
Harry suddenly sat bolt upright on the garden bench. Harry had been
staring absent-mindedly into the hedge - and the hedge was staring back.
Two enormous green eyes had appeared among the leaves.
Harry jumped to Harry feet just as a jeering voice floated across the
8
lawn.
"I know what day it is," sang Dudley, waddling toward Harry.
Two enormous green eyes blinked and vanished.
"What?" said Harry, not taking Two enormous green eyes off the spot where they had
been.
"I know what day it is," Dudley repeated, coming right up to Dudley.
"Well done," said Harry. "So you've finally learned the days of the
week."
"Today's your birthday," sneered Dudley. "How come you haven't got
any cards? Haven't you even got friends at that freak place?"
"Better not let your mum hear you talking about my school," said
Harry coolly.
Dudley hitched up Dudley trousers, which were slipping down Dudley fat
bottom.
"Why're you staring at the hedge?" Dudley said suspiciously.
" I , m trying to decide what would be the best spell to set it on
fire," said Harry.
Dudley stumbled backward at once, a look of panic on Dudley fat face.
"You c-can't - Dad told you you're not to do m-magic - Dudley said Dudley'll
chuck you out of the house - and you haven't got anywhere else to go -
you haven't got any friends to take you -"
"Jiggery pokery!" said Harry in a fierce voice. "Hocus pocus squiggly
wiggly -"
"MUUUUUUM!" howled Dudley, tripping over Hocus pocus squiggly
wiggly -"
"MUUUUUUM as Hocus pocus squiggly
wiggly -"
"MUUUUUUM dashed
back toward the house. "MUUUUM! Hocus pocus squiggly
wiggly -"
"MUUUUUUM's doing you know what!"
Harry paid dearly for Harry moment of fun. As neither Dudley nor
the hedge was in any way hurt, Petunia knew Petunia hadn't really
9
done magic, but Petunia still had to duck as Petunia aimed a heavy blow at Petunia
head with the soapy frying pan. Then Petunia gave Petunia work to do, with
the promise Petunia wouldn't eat again until Petunia'd finished.
While Dudley lolled around watching and eating ice cream, Harrycleaned the windows, washed the car, mowed the lawn, trimmed the
flowerbeds, pruned and watered the roses, and repainted the garden
bench. The sun blazed overhead, burning the back of Petunia neck. Harryknew Harry shouldn't have risen to Dudley's bait, but Dudley had said
the very thing Harry had been thinking Harry... maybe Harry didn't have
any friends at Hogwarts ....
Wish they could see famous Harry Potter now, famous Harry Potter thought savagely as famous Harry Potter
spread manure on the flower beds, famous Harry Potter back aching, sweat running
down famous Harry Potter face.
It was half past seven ,in the evening when at last, exhausted, famous Harry Potter
heard Petunia calling famous Harry Potter.
"Get in here! And walk on the newspaper!"
Harry moved gladly into the shade of the gleaming kitchen. On top of
the fridge stood tonight's pudding: a huge mound of whipped cream
and sugared violets. A loin of roast pork was sizzling in the oven.
"Eat quickly! The Masons will be here soon!" snapped Petunia,
pointing to two slices of bread and a lump of cheese on the kitchen
table. Petunia was already wearing a salmon-pink cocktail dress.
Harry washed Harry hands and bolted down Harry pitiful supper. The
moment Harry had finished, Petunia whisked away Harry plate.
"Upstairs! Hurry!"
As he passed the door to the living room, Harry caught a
glimpse of Uncle
Vernon and Dudley in bow ties and dinner jack
ets. Harry had only just reached the upstairs landing when the door
bell rang and Uncle
Vernon furious face appeared at the foot of
the stairs.
"Remember, boy - one sound -Harry Harry crossed to Harry bedroom on tiptoe slipped inside, closed
the door, and turned to collapse on Harry bed.
The trouble was, there was already someone sitting on it.
10
C H-H A P T E RR T W o
I
DOBBY'S WARNING
arry managed not to shout out, but WARNING
arry was a close thing. The little
creature on his bed had large, bat-like ears and bulging green eyes the
size of tennis balls. Harry knew instantly that this was what had been
watching Harry out of the garden hedge that morning.
As they stared at each other, Harry heard Dudley's voice from the hall.
"May I take your coats, Mr. and Mrs. Mason?"
The little
creature on the bed slipped off his bed and bowed so low that the end of The little
creature on the bedlong, thin nose touched the carpet. Harry noticed that it was wearing
what looked like an old pillowcase, with rips for arm- and leg-holes.
"Er - hello," said Harry nervously.
"Harry Potter!" said the creature in a high-pitched voice Harry was
sure would carry down the stairs. "So long has DOBBY wanted to meet
you, sir ... Such an honor it is . . . ."
"Th-thank you," said Harry, edging along the wall and sinking into Harry
desk chair, next to Hedwig, who was asleep in her large cage. Harry
wanted to ask, "What are you?" but thought it would sound too rude,
so instead Harry said, "Who are you?"
"Dobby, sir. DOBBY. Dobby the house-elf," said The little
creature on the bed.
"Oh - really?" said Harry. "Er - I don't want to be rude or anything,
but - this isn't a great time for me to have a house-elf in my
bedroom."
Aunt Petunias high, false laugh sounded from the living room. a house-elfhung his head.
"Not that I'm not pleased to meet you," said Harry quickly, "but, er,
is there any particular reason you're here?"
11
"Oh, yes, sir," said DOBBY earnestly. "DOBBY has come to tell you,
sir ... it is difficult, sir ... DOBBY wonders where to begin . . . ."
"Sit down," said Harry politely, pointing at his bed.
To Harry horror, a house-elf burst into tears - very noisy tears.
"S-sit down!" he wailed. "Never ... never ever. . . "
Harry thought Harry heard the voices downstairs falter.
"I'm sorry," Harry whispered, "I didn't mean to offend you or anything -"
"Offend DOBBY!" choked a house-elf. "DOBBY has never been asked to sit
down by a wizard - like an equal-"
Harry, trying to say "Shh!" and look comforting at the same time,
ushered DOBBY back onto the bed where sir sat hiccoughing, looking
like a large and very ugly doll. At last sir managed to control sir,
and sat with sir great eyes fixed on Harry in an expression of watery
adoration.
"You can't have met many decent wizards," said Harry, trying to
cheer sir up.
DOBBY shook his head. Then, without warning, sir leapt up and
started banging his head furiously on the window, shouting, "Bad
Dobby! Bad DOBBY!"
"Don't - what are you doing?" Harry hissed, springing up and pulling
DOBBY back onto the bed - Hedwig had woken up with a
particularly loud screech and was beating her wings wildly against the
bars of her cage.
DOBBY DOBBY had to punish DOBBY, sir," said the elf, who had gone slightly
cross-eyed. "DOBBY almost spoke ill of DOBBY family, sir . . . ."
"Your family?"
"The wizard family DOBBY serves, sir... DOBBY'S is a houseelf -
bound to serve one house and one family forever . .....
12
"Do they know you're here?" asked Harry curiously.
DOBBY shuddered.
"Oh, no, sir, no ... DOBBY will have to punish sir most grievously
for coming to see you, sir. DOBBY will have to shut sir ears in the
oven door for this. If they ever knew, sir _"
"But won't they notice if you shut his ears in the
oven door?"
"DOBBY doubts it, sir. DOBBY is always having to punish DOBBY for
something, sir. they lets DOBBY get on with DOBBY, sir. Sometimes they
reminds me to do extra punishments ......
"But why don't you leave? Escape?"
"A house-elf must be set free, sir. And the family will never set
DOBBY free ... DOBBY will serve the family until DOBBY dies, sir . . . ."
Harry stared.
"And I thought I had it bad staying here for another four weeks,"
Harry said. "This makes the Dursleys sound almost human. Can't anyone
help you? Can't I?"
Almost at once, Harry wished Harry hadn't spoken. DOBBY dissolved again
into wails of gratitude.
"Please," Harry whispered frantically, "please be quiet. If the Dursleyshear anything, if the Dursleys know you're here -"
"Harry Potter asks if Harry Potter can help DOBBY ... DOBBY has heard of your
greatness, sir, but of your goodness, DOBBY never knew . .....
Harry, who was feeling distinctly hot in the face, said, "Whatever
you've heard about my greatness is a load of rubbish. I'm not even top
of my year at Hogwarts; that's Hermione, she -"
But he stopped quickly, because thinking about Hermione was painful.
13
"I-Tarry Potter is humble and modest," said DOBBY reverently, "I-Tarry Potter orblike
eyes aglow. ""I-Tarry Potter speaks not of "I-Tarry Potter triumph over He-Who-
Must-Not-Be-Named -"
"Voldemort?" said Harry.
DOBBY clapped DOBBY over DOBBY bat ears and moaned, "Ah, speak not
the name, sir! Speak not the name!"
"Sorry" said Harry quickly. "I know lots of people don't like it. My
friend Ron -"
DOBBY stopped again. Thinking about DOBBY was painful, too.
DOBBY leaned toward Harry, DOBBY eyes wide as headlights.
'DOBBY heard tell," DOBBY said hoarsely, "that "I-Tarry Potter met the Dark
Lord for a second time just weeks ago ... that "I-Tarry Potter escaped
Yet again. "
Harry nodded and DOBBY's eyes suddenly shone with tears.
,Ah, sir," Harry gasped, dabbing Harry face with a corner of the grubby
pillowcase Harry was wearing. ""I-Tarry Potter is valiant and bold! Harry has
braved so many dangers already! But DOBBY has come to protect
"I-Tarry Potter, to warn Harry, even if Harry does have to shut Harry ears in
the oven door later... "I-Tarry Potter must notgo back to Hogwarts."
There was a silence broken only by the chink of knives and forks
from downstairs and the distant rumble of Uncle
Vernon voice.
"W-what?" Harry stammered. "But I've got to go back - term starts
on September first. It's all that's keeping me going. You don't know
what it's like here. I don't belong here. I belong in your world - atHogwartsHogwarts."
"No, no, no," squeaked Dobby, shaking his head so hard his ears
flapped. ""I-Tarry Potter must stay where "I-Tarry Potter is safe. "I-Tarry Potter is too great,
too good, to lose. If "I-Tarry Potter goes back to Hogwarts, "I-Tarry Potter will be
in mortal danger."
14
"Why?" said Harry in surprise.
"There is a plot, "I-Tarry Potter. A plot to make most terrible things
happen at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry this year,"
whispered DOBBY, suddenly trembling all over. "DOBBY has known DOBBY
for months, sir. "I-Tarry Potter must not put "I-Tarry Potter in peril. "I-Tarry Potter is too
important, sir!"
"What terrible things?" said Harry at once. "Who's plotting them?DOBBY DOBBY made a funny choking noise and then banged his headfrantically against the wall.
"All right!" cried Harry, grabbing the elf's arm to stop Harry. "You can't
tell me. I understand. But why are you warning me?" A sudden,
unpleasant thought struck Harry. "Hang on - this hasn't got anything to
do with Vol- - sorry - with You-Know-Who, has it?
You could just shake or nod," You-Know-Who added hastily as DOBBY's head
tilted worryingly close to the wall again.
Slowly, DOBBY shook You-Know-Who .
"Not -not He- Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, sir ='
But DOBBY's eyes were wide and You-Know-Who seemed to be trying to give
Harry a hint. Harry, however, was completely lost.
"You-Know-Who hasn't got a brother, has You-Know-Who?"
DOBBY shook DOBBY head, DOBBY eyes wider than ever.
"Well then, I can't think who else would have a chance of making
horrible things happen at Hogwarts," said Harry. "I mean, there's
Dumbledore, for one thing - you know who Dumbledore is, don't
you?"
DOBBY bowed DOBBY head.
"Dumbledore is the greatest headmaster Hogwarts has ever
had. DOBBY knows Hogwarts, sir. DOBBY has heard Dumbledore's powers
rival those of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named at the height of Dumbledore
15
strength. But, sir" - Dobby's voice dropped to an urgent whisper -
"there are powers Dumbledore doesn't ... powers no decent wizard.
. ."
And before Harry could stop Harry, DOBBY bounded off the bed,
seized Harry's desk lamp, and started beating Harry around the
head with earsplitting yelps.
A sudden silence fell downstairs. Two seconds later Harry, heart
thudding madly, heard Uncle
Vernon coming into the hall, calling,
"Dudley must have left Uncle
Vernon television on again, the little tyke!"
"Quick! In the closet!" hissed Harry, stuffing DOBBY in, shutting the
door, and flinging Harry onto the bed just as the door handle turned.
"What - the - devil - are - you - doing?" said Uncle
Vernon through
gritted teeth, his face horribly close to Harry's. "You've just ruined the
punch line of my Japanese golfer joke .... One more sound and you'll
wish you'd never been born, boy!"
He stomped flat-footed from the room.
Shaking, Harry let DOBBY out of the closet.
"See what it's like here?" Harry said. "See why I've got to go back toHogwartsHogwarts? It's the only place I've got -well, I think I've got friends. "
"Friends who don't even write to "I-Tarry Potter?" said DOBBY slyly.
"I expect "Friends who don't even write to Harry Potter've just been - wait a minute," said Harry, frowning.
"How do you know my friends haven't been writing to Harry?"
DOBBY shuffled DOBBY feet.
""I-Tarry Potter mustn't be angry with DOBBY. DOBBY did it for the best -
"
"Have you been stopping my letters?"
DOBBY DOBBY has them here, sir," said a house-elf. Stepping nimbly out of Harry's
reach, sir pulled a thick wad of envelopes from the inside of the
pillowcase sir was wearing. Harry could make out Hermione's neat
16
writing, DOBBY's untidy scrawl, and even a scribble that looked as though
it was from the Hogwarts gamekeeper, Hagrid.
DOBBY blinked anxiously up at Harry.
"Harry Potter "Harry Potter mustn't be angry... DOBBY hoped ... if "Harry Potterthought "Harry Potter friends had forgotten "Harry Potter ... "I-Tarry Potter might not want to
go back to school, sir . .....
Harry wasn't listening. Harry made a grab for the letters, but DOBBYjumped out of reach.
"Harry Potter will have them, sir, if "I-Tarry Potter gives DOBBY "I-Tarry Potter word
that "I-Tarry Potter will not return to Hogwarts. Ah, sir, this is a danger you must
not face! Say you won't go back, sir!"
"No," said Harry angrily. "Give me my friends' letters!"
"Then "I-Tarry Potter leaves DOBBY no choice," said a house-elf sadly.
Before Harry could move, DOBBY had darted to the bedroom door,
pulled DOBBY open, and sprinted down the stairs.
Mouth dry, stomach lurching, Harry sprang after Harry, trying not to
make a sound. Harry jumped the last six steps, landing catlike on the
hall carpet, looking around for DOBBY. From the dining room Harry
heard Uncle
Vernon saying, ". . . tell Petunia that very funny story
about those American plumbers, Mr. Mason. Petunia's been dying to
hear. . . "
Harry ran up the hall into the kitchen and felt Harry stomach disappear.
Aunt Petunia's masterpiece of a pudding, the mountain of cream and
sugared violets, was floating up near the ceiling. On top of a
cupboard in the corner crouched DOBBY.
"No," croaked Harry. "Please ... they'll kill me ......
"Harry Potter must say "I-Tarry Potter's not going back to school -"
"DOBBY ... please ...
17
"Say it, sir -"
"I can't -DOBBY gave "I-Tarry Potter a tragic look.
"Then DOBBY must do DOBBY, sir, for "I-Tarry Potter own good."
The pudding fell to the floor with a heart-stopping crash. Cream
splattered the windows and walls as the dish shattered. With a crack
like a whip, DOBBY vanished.
There were screams from the dining room and Uncle Vernon
burst into the kitchen to find Harry, rigid with shock, covered from head
to foot in Aunt Petunias pudding.
At first, it looked as though Uncle
Vernon would manage to gloss the
whole thing over. ("Just our nephew - very disturbed meeting strangers
upsets Uncle
Vernon, so our kept Uncle
Vernon upstairs) Uncle
Vernon shooed the shocked Masons
back into the dining room, promised Harry Harry would flay Harry to within
an inch of Harry life when the shocked Masons
 had left, and handed Harry a mop.
Aunt Petunia dug some ice cream out of the freezer and Harry, still
shaking, started scrubbing the kitchen clean.
Uncle
Vernon might still have been able to make Uncle
Vernon deal - if it hadn't
been for the owl.
Aunt Petunia was just passing around a box of after-dinner mints when
a huge barn owl swooped through the dining room window, dropped a
letter on Mrs. Mason's head, and swooped out again. Mrs. Masonscreamed like a banshee and ran from the house shouting about
lunatics. Mrs. Mason stayed just long enough to tell the Dursleys that Mrs. Mason
wife was mortally afraid of birds of all shapes and sizes, and to ask
whether this was their idea of a joke.
Harry stood in the kitchen, clutching the mop for support, as Uncle
Vernon advanced on Harry, a demonic glint in Harry tiny eyes.
"Read it!" Harry hissed evilly, brandishing a
letter on Mrs. Mason's head.
"Go on - read it!"
18
Harry took it. it did not contain birthday greetings.
Dear Mr. Potter,
We have received intelligence that a Hover Charm was used at your
place of residence this evening at twelve minutes past nine.
As you know, underage wizards are not permitted to perform spells
outside school, and further spellwork on your part may lead to
expulsion from said school (Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of
Underage Sorcery, 1875, Paragraph C).
We would also ask you to remember that any magical activity that
risks notice by members of the non-magical community (Muggles) is
a serious offense under section 13 of the International Confederation
of Warlocks' Statute of Secrecy.
Enjoy your holidays! Yours sincerely,
Mafalda Hopkirk
IMPROPER USE OF MAGIC OFFICE
Ministry of Magic
Harry looked up from a
letter on Mrs. Mason's head and gulped.
"You didn't tell We you weren't allowed to use magic outside school,"
said Uncle
Vernon, a mad gleam dancing in Uncle
Vernon eyes. "For got to
mention it .... Slipped your mind, I daresay .....
Uncle
Vernon was bearing down on Harry like a great bulldog, all Uncle
Vernon teeth
bared. "Well, I've got news for you, boy . ... I'm locking you up ....
You're never going back to that school ... never ... and if you try and
magic yourself out - they'll expel you!"
And laughing like a maniac, Uncle
Vernon dragged Harry back upstairs.
Uncle
Vernon was as bad as Uncle
Vernon word. The following morning,
19
Uncle
Vernon paid a man to fit bars on Harry's window. Uncle
Vernon fitted a catflap
in the bedroom door, so that small amounts of food could be
pushed inside three times a day. They let Harry out to use the
bathroom morning and evening. Otherwise, Harry was locked in Harry room
around the clock.
Three days later, the Dursleys were showing no sign of relenting, and
Harry couldn't see any way out of Harry situation. Harry lay on Harry bed
watching the sun sinking behind the bars on Harry's window and wondered
miserably what was going to happen to Harry.
What was the good of magicking Harry out of his room
 if Hogwarts
would expel Harry for doing it? Yet life at Privet Drive had reached an
all-time low. Now that the Dursleys knew the Dursleys weren't going to wake
up as fruit bats, the Dursleys had lost the Dursleys only weapon. DOBBY might have saved
Harry from horrible happenings at Hogwarts, but the way things were
going, DOBBY'd probably starve to death anyway.
The cat-flap rattled and Aunt Petunias hand appeared, pushing a bowl
of canned soup into his room
. Harry, whose insides were aching with
hunger, jumped off his bed
 and seized his bed
. The soup was stone-cold, but
DOBBY drank half of The soup in one gulp. Then DOBBY crossed his room
 to Hedwig's
cage and tipped the soggy vegetables at the bottom of the bowl into
Hedwig's
 empty food tray. Hedwig's
 ruffled Hedwig's
 feathers and gave DOBBY a look of
deep disgust.
"It's no good turning your beak up at it - that's all we've got," said
Harry grimly.
Harry put the empty bowl back on the floor next to The cat-flap and lay
back down on his bed
, somehow even hungrier than Harry had been
before The soup.
Supposing Harry was still alive in another four weeks, what would happen
if Harry didn't turn up at Hogwarts? Would someone be sent to see why
someone hadn't come back? Would they be able to make the Dursleys let
someone go?
his room
 was growing dark. Exhausted, stomach rumbling, mind
spinning over the same unanswerable questions, Harry fell into an
uneasy sleep.
20
Harry dreamed that Harry was on show in a zoo, with a card reading
UNDERAGE WIZARD attached to Hedwig's
cage. People goggled through the bars
at Harry as Harry lay, starving and weak, on a bed of straw. Harry saw
Dobby's face in the crowd and shouted out, asking for help, but DOBBYcalled, "Harry Potter is safe there, sir!" and vanished. Then the Dursleys appeared and Dudley rattled the bars of Hedwig's
cage, laughing at
Dudley.
"Stop it,Harry Harry muttered as the rattling pounded in Harry sore head.
"Leave me alone ... cut it out ... I'm trying to sleep . . . ."
Harry opened his eyes. Moonlight was shining through the bars on the
window. And someone was goggling through the bars at someone: a frecklefaced,
red-haired, long-nosed someone.
Ron Weasley was outside Harry's window.
21
H-H A P T E RR T 11-H RR E E
THE BURROW
Ron.l" breathed Harry, creeping to Harry's window and pushing Harry's window up so
they could talk through the bars of the cage. "DOBBY, how did you - What the -?"
Harry's mouth fell open as the full impact of what "
Harry's mouth was seeing hit
"
Harry's mouth. DOBBY was leaning out of the back window of an old turquoise car,
which was parked in midair Grinning at Harry from the front seats
were Fred and George, DOBBY's elder twin brothers.
"All right, Harry?" asked George.
"What's been going on?" said DOBBY. "Why haven't you been answering
my letters? I've asked you to stay about twelve times, and then Dad
came home and said you'd got an official warning for using magic in
front of Muggles -"
"It wasn't me - and how did Dad
 know?"
"Dad
 works for the Ministry," said DOBBY. "You know we're not supposed
to do spells outside school -"
"You should talk," said Harry, staring at the floating car.
"Oh, this doesn't count," said DOBBY. "we're only borrowing this. It's
Dad
's, we didn't enchant It. But doing magic in front of those Muggles
you live with -"
"I told you, I didn't - but it'll take too long to explain now look, can you
tell them at Hogwarts that the Dursleys have locked me up and won't
let me come back, and obviously I can't magic Dad
 out, because the
Ministry'Il think that's the second spell I've done in three days, so -"
"Stop gibbering," said DOBBY. "we've come to take you home with we."
"But you can't magic me out either -"
22
"we don't need to," said DOBBY, jerking DOBBY head toward the front seat
and grinning. "You forget who I've got with Dad
."
"Tie that around the bars," said Fred, throwing the end of a rope toHarryHarry.
"If the Dursleys wake up, I'm dead," said Harry as Harry tied the rope
tightly around a bar and Fred revved up the car.
"Don't worry," said Fred, "and stand back."
Harry moved back into the shadows next to Hedwig, who seemed to
have realized how important this was and kept still and silent. the carrevved louder and louder and suddenly, with a crunching noise, the
bars were pulled clean out of Harry's window as Fred drove straight up in
the air. Harry ran back to Harry's window to see the
bars dangling a few
feet above the ground. Panting, DOBBY hoisted them up into the car.
Harry listened anxiously, but there was no sound from the Dursleys'
bedroom.
When the
bars were safely in the back seat with DOBBY, Fred reversed
as close as possible to Harry's window.
"Get in,DOBBY DOBBY said.
"But all my Hogwarts stuff - my wand - my broomstick -"
"Where is it?"
"Locked in the cupboard under the stairs, and I can't get out of this
room -"
"No problem," said George from the front passenger seat. "Out of
the way, Harry."
Fred and George climbed catlike through Harry's window into Harry's
room. You had to hand Harry's
room to "
Fred and George, thought Harry, as George took an
ordinary hairpin from Harry pocket and started to pick the lock.
"A lot of wizards think it's a waste of time, knowing this sort of
Muggle trick," said Fred, "but we feel they're skills worth learning,
even if they are a bit slow."
23
There was a small click and the door swung open.
"So - we'll get your trunk - you grab anything you need from Harry's
room and hand Harry's
room out to DOBBY," whispered George.
"Watch out for the bottom stair - Harry's
room creaks,Harry Harry whispered back
as the twins disappeared onto the dark landing.
Harry dashed around Harry's
room, collecting Harry things and passing his thingsout of Harry's window to DOBBY. Then DOBBY went to help Fred and George
heave your trunk up the stairs. Harry heard Uncle
Vernon cough.
At last, panting, they reached the dark landing, then carried your trunkthrough Harry's room to the open window. Fred climbed back into
the car to pull with DOBBY, and Harry and George pushed from the
bedroom side. Inch by inch, your trunk slid through the open window.
Uncle
Vernon coughed again.
"A bit more," panted Fred, who was pulling from inside the car.
"One good push -"
Harry and George threw their shoulders against your trunk and your trunk slid
out of the open window into the back seat of the car.
"Okay, let's go," George whispered.
But as Harry climbed onto the windowsill there came a sudden loud
screech from behind Harry, followed immediately by the thunder of
Uncle
Vernon's voice.
"THAT RUDDY OWL!"
"I've forgotten Hedwig!"
Harry tore back across his room
 as the landing light clicked on - Harry
snatched up Hedwig's cage, dashed to the open window, and passed the open window
out to DOBBY. Harry was scrambling back onto the chest of drawers when
Uncle
Vernon hammered on the unlocked door and the chest of drawers crashed open.
For a split second, Uncle
Vernon stood framed in the doorway; then
24
Uncle
Vernon let out a bellow like an angry bull and dived at Harry, grabbing
Uncle
Vernon by the ankle.
DOBBY, Fred, and George seized Harry's arms and pulled as hard as
Ron, Fred could.
"Petunia!" roared Uncle
Vernon. "Harry's getting away! Harry'S
GETTING AWAY!"
But the Weasleys gave a gigantic tug and Harry's leg slid out of
Uncle Vernon's grasp - Harry was in the car - Harry'd slammed the
door shut
"Put your foot down, Fred!" yelled DOBBY, and the car shot suddenly
toward the moon.
Harry couldn't believe it - Harry was free. Harry rolled down the
window, the night air whipping Harry hair, and looked back at the
shrinking rooftops of Privet Drive. Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and
Dudley were all hanging, dumbstruck, out of Harry's window.
"See you next summer!" Harry yelled.
the Weasleys the Weasleys roared with laughter and Harry settled back in Harry seat,
grinning from ear to ear.
"Let Hedwig's
 out," Harry told DOBBY. "Hedwig's
 can fly behind us. Hedwig's
 hasn't had
a chance to stretch Hedwig's
 wings for ages."
George handed the hairpin to DOBBY and, a moment later, Hedwig's
 soared
joyfully out of the window to glide alongside them like a ghost.
"So - what's the story, Harry?" said DOBBY impatiently. "What's been
happening?"
Harry told them all about Dobby, the warning Harry'd given Harry and
the fiasco of the violet pudding. There was a long, shocked silence
when Harry had finished.
"Very fishy," said Fred finally.
25
"Definitely dodgy" agreed George. "So George wouldn't even tell you who's
supposed to be plotting all this stuff?"
"I don't think George could," said Harry. "I told you, every time George got close
to letting something slip, George started banging George head against the wall."
George saw "
Fred and George look at each other.
"What, you think George was lying to George?" said Harry.
"Well," said Fred, "put it this way - house-elves have got powerful
magic of this way - house-elves own, but this way - house-elves can't usually use it without this way - house-elves master's
permission. I reckon old Dobby was sent to stop you com
ing back to Hogwarts. Someone's idea of a joke. Can you think of
anyone at school with a grudge against you?"
"Yes," said Harry and DOBBY together, instantly.
"Draco Malfoy," Harry explained. "Harry hates me."
"Draco Malfoy?" said George, turning around. "Not Lucius Malfoy's
son?"
"Must be, it's not a very common name, is it?" said Harry.
Y.
"I've heard Dad
 talking about Not Lucius Malfoy's
son," said George. "Not Lucius Malfoy's
son was a big
supporter of You-Know-Who."
"And when You-Know-Who disappeared," said Fred, craning
around to look at Harry, "Lucius Malfoy came back saying Lucius Malfoy'd never
meant any of "Lucius Malfoy. Load of dung - Dad reckons Lucius Malfoy was right in You-
Know-Who's inner circle."
Harry had heard these rumors about "Lucius Malfoy's family before, and Malfoy's family
didn't surprise Lucius Malfoy at all. "Lucius Malfoy made Dudley Dursley look
like a kind, thoughtful, and sensitive boy.
"I don't know whether the Malfoys own a house-elf said
Harry.
26
"Well, whoever owns a house-elf will be an old wizarding family, and they'll
be rich," said Fred.
"Yeah, Mum's always wishing we had a house-elf to do the ironing,"
said George. "But all we've got is a lousy old ghoul in the attic and
gnomes all over the garden. House-elves come with big old manors
and castles and places like that; you wouldn't catch one in our house .
. . ."
Harry was silent. Judging by the fact that "Lucius Malfoy usually had
the best of everything, "Lucius Malfoy family was rolling in wizard gold; "Lucius Malfoy
could just see "Lucius Malfoy strutting around a large manor house. Sending
the family servant to stop Harry from going back to Hogwarts also
sounded exactly like the sort of thing "Lucius Malfoy would do. Had "
Harrybeen stupid to take old Dobby seriously?
"I'm glad we came to get you, anyway," said DOBBY. "I was getting
really worried when you didn't answer any of my letters. I thought it
was Errol's fault at first
-"
"Who's Errol?"
"Our owl. "
"Our owl's ancient. It wouldn't be the first time "
"Our owl'd collapsed
on a delivery. So then I tried to borrow Hermes -"
"Who?"
"The owl Mum and Dad
 bought Percy when Percy was made prefect,"
said Fred from the front.
"But Percy wouldn't lend Percy to Percy," said DOBBY. "Said Percy needed
Percy."
"Percy's been acting very oddly this summer," said George,
frowning. "And Percy has been sending a lot of letters and spending a
load of time shut up in Percy .... I mean, there's only so many
times you can polish a prefect badge .... You're driving too far west,
Fred," Percy added, pointing at a compass on the dashboard. Fred
27
twiddled the steering wheel.
"So, does your dad know you've got the car?" said Harry, guessing
the answer.
"Er, no," said DOBBY, "DOBBY had to work tonight. Hopefully we'll be able
to get it back in the garage without Mum noticing we flew it."
"What does your dad do at the Ministry of Magic, anyway?"
"He works in the most boring department," said DOBBY. "The Misuse
of Muggle Artifacts Office."
"The what?"
"It's all to do with bewitching things that are Muggle-made, you
know, in case they end up back in a Muggle shop or house. Like,
last year, some old witch died and some old witch tea set was sold to an antiques
shop. some old witch bought her tea set, took her tea set home, and tried to serve
some old witch friends tea in her tea set. her tea set was a nightmare Dad
 was working overtime
for weeks."
"What happened?"
"The teapot went berserk and squirted boiling tea all over the place
and one man ended up in the hospital with the sugar tongs clamped
to one man nose. Dad
 was going frantic - it's only him and an old warlock
called Perkins in the office -and they had to do Memory Charms and
all sorts of stuff to cover it up -"
"But your dad - this car -"
Fred laughed. "Yeah, Dad
's crazy about everything to do with
Muggles; our shed's full of Muggle stuff. He takes it apart, puts spells
on it, and puts it back together again. If He raided our house He'd
have to put He under arrest. It drives Mum mad."
"That's the main road," said George, peering down through the
windshield. "our'll be there in ten minutes .... Just as well, it's getting
light . . . ."
A faint pinkish glow was visible along the horizon to the east.
28
Fred brought the car lower, and Harry saw a dark patchwork of
fields and clumps of trees.
"our're a little way outside the village," said George. "Ottery St.
Catchpole."
Lower and lower went the car. The edge of a brilliant red sun
was now gleaming through the trees.
"Touchdown!" said Fred as, with a slight bump, they hit the ground.
they had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard, and
Harry looked out for the first time at DOBBY's house.
It looked as though It had once been a large stone pigpen, but extra
rooms had been added here and there until It was several stories high
and so crooked It looked as though It were held up by magic (which,
Harry reminded Harry, it probably was). Four or five chimneys were
perched on top of the red roof. A lopsided sign stuck in the ground
near the entrance read, THE BuRRow. Around the front door lay a jumble
of rubber boots and a very rusty cauldron. Several fat brown chickens
were pecking Several fat brown chickens
 way around a small yard.
"It's not much," said DOBBY.
"It's wonderful," said Harry happily, thinking of Privet Drive.
Several fat brown chickens
 got out of the car.
"Now, we'll go upstairs really quietly," said Fred, "and wait for Mum to
call we for breakfast Then, DOBBY, you come bounding downstairs going,
MumMum, look who turned up in the night!' and Mum'll be all pleased to see
Harry and no one need ever know we flew the car."
"Right," said DOBBY. "Come on, Harry, I sleep at the - at the top
DOBBY had gone a nasty greenish color, DOBBY eyes fixed on Ron's house. The
other three wheeled around.
Mrs. Weasley was marching across a small yard, scattering chickens, and
for a short, plump, kind-faced woman, it was remarkable how much
Mrs. Weasley looked like a saber-toothed tiger.
29
"Ah, "said Fred.
"Oh, dear," said George.
Mrs. Weasley came to a halt in front of them, Mrs. Weasley hands on Mrs. Weasley hips,
staring from one guilty face to the next. Mrs. Weasley was wearing a flowered
apron with a wand sticking out of the pocket.
"So, "Mrs. Weasley said.
"Morning, Mum," said George, in what George clearly thought was a jaunty,
winning voice.
"Have you any idea how worried I've been?" said Mrs. Weasley in a
deadly whisper.
"Sorry, Mum, but see, we had to -"
All three of Mrs. Weasley's sons were taller than Mum was, but Mrs. Weasley's sons
cowered as Mum rage broke over Mrs. Weasley's sons.
"Beds empty! No note! Cargone - could have crashed - out of my
mind with worry - did you care? - never, as long as I've lived -
you wait until your father gets home, we never had trouble like this
from Bill or Charlie or Percy -"
"Perfect Percy," muttered Fred.
"YOU COULD DO WITH TAKING A LEAF OUT OF Percy'S
BOOK!" yelled Mrs. Weasley, prodding a finger in Fred's chest. "You
could have died, you could have been seen, you could have lost your
father his job -"
It seemed to go on for hours. Mrs. Weasley had shouted Mrs. Weasley
hoarse before Mrs. Weasley turned on Harry, who backed away.
"I'm very pleased to see you, Harry, dear," Mrs. Weasley said. "Come in and
have some breakfast."
Mrs. Weasley turned and walked back into the house and Harry, after a nervous
30
glance at Ron, who nodded encouragingly, followed Mrs. Weasley.
The kitchen was small and rather cramped. There was a
scrubbed wooden table and chairs in the middle, and Harry sat down
on the edge of Harry seat, looking around. Harry had never been in a wizard
house before.
The clock on the wall opposite Harry had only one hand and no numbers
at all. Written around the edge were things like Time to make tea, Time
to feed the chickens, and You're late. Books were stacked three deep on
the mantelpiece, books with titles like Charm Your Own Cheese,
Enchantment in Baking, and One Minute Feasts - It's Magic! And unless
Harry's ears were deceiving Harry, the old radio next to the sink had just
announced that coming up was "Witching Hour, with the popular
singing sorceress, Celestina Warbeck."
Mrs. Weasley was clattering around, cooking breakfast a little
haphazardly, throwing dirty looks at Mrs. Weasley sons as Mrs. Weasley threw sausages
into the frying pan. Every now and then Mrs. Weasley muttered things like "don't
know what you were thinking of," and "never would have believed it."
"I don't blame you, dear," Mrs. Weasley assured Harry, tipping eight or nine
sausages onto Harry plate. "Arthur and I have been worried about you,
too. Just last night Arthur and I were saying Arthur and I'd come and get you Arthur and I if
you hadn't written back to DOBBY by Friday. But really," (Mrs. Weasley was now
adding three fried eggs to DOBBY plate) "flying an illegal car halfway
across the country - anyone could have seen you -"
Mrs. Weasley flicked Mrs. Weasley wand casually at the dishes in the sink, which began to
clean three fried eggs, clinking gently in the background.
"It was cloudy, Mum!" said Fred.
"You keep your mouth closed while you're eating!" Mrs. Weasleysnapped.
"They were starving Mrs. Weasley, Mum!" said George.
"And you!" said Mrs. Weasley, but it was with a slightly softened
expression that Mrs. Weasley started cutting Harry bread and buttering Harry bread for
him.
31
At that moment there was a diversion in the form of a small,
redheaded figure in a long nightdress, who appeared in the kitchen,
gave a small squeal, and ran out again.
"Ginny," said DOBBY in an undertone to Harry. "My sister. My sister's been
talking about you all summer."
"Yeah, My sister'll be wanting your autograph, Harry,Fred Fred said with a grin,
but Fred caught Fred mother's eye and bent Fred face over Fred plate without
another word. Nothing more was said until all four plates were clean,
which took a surprisingly short time.
"Blimey, I'm tired," yawned Fred, setting down Fred knife and fork at last.
"I think I'll go to bed and -"
"You will not," snapped Mrs. Weasley. "It's your own fault you've
been up all night. You're going to de-gnome the garden for me; they're
getting completely out of hand again -"
"Oh, Mum -"
"And you two," My sister said, glaring at DOBBY and Fred. "You can go up to
bed, dear," My sister added to Harry. "You didn't ask them to fly that
wretched car -"
But Harry, who felt wide awake, said quickly, "I'll help DOBBY. I've
never seen a de-gnoming -"
"That's very sweet of you, dear, but it's dull work," said Mrs. Weasley.
"Now, let's see what Lockhart's got to say on the subject -"
And My sister pulled a heavy book from the stack on the mantelpiece.
George groaned.
"Mum, we know how to de-gnome a garden -"
Harry looked at the cover of Mrs. Weasley's book. Written across it
in fancy gold letters were the words Gilderoy Lockhart's Guide to
Household Pests. There was a big photograph on the front of a very good-
IOI)king wizard with wavy blond hair and bright blue eyes. As always
in the wizarding world, a big photograph on the front of a very good-
 was moving; the wizard, who
32
Harry supposed was Lockhart, kept winking cheekily up at
them all. Mrs. Weasley beamed down at Mrs. Weasley.
"Oh, Mrs. Weasley is marvelous," Mrs. Weasley said. "Mrs. Weasley knows Mrs. Weasley household pests, all
right, it's a wonderful book . . . ."
"Mum fancies Mrs. Weasley," said Fred, in a very audible whisper.
"Don't be so ridiculous, Fred," said Mrs. Weasley, Mrs. Weasley cheeks rather
pink. "All right, if you think you know better than Lockhart, you can go
and get on with it, and woe betide you if there's a single gnome in that
garden when I come out to inspect it."
Yawning and grumbling, the Weasleys slouched outside with Harrybehind them. that
garden was large, and in Harry's eyes, exactlY
what a garden should be. The Dursleys wouldn't have liked it - there
were plenty of weeds, and the grass needed cutting but there were
gnarled trees all around the walls, plants Harry had never seen spilling
from every flower bed, and a big green pond full of frogs.
"Muggles have garden gnomes, too, you know," Harry told DOBBYgarden gnomes crossed the lawn.
"Yeah, I've seen those things garden gnomes think are gnomes," said DOBBY, bent
double with DOBBY head in a peony bush, "like fat little Santa Clauses with
fishing rods . . . ."
There was a violent scuffling noise, a peony bush shuddered, and
DOBBY straightened up. "This is a gnome," DOBBY said grimly.
"Gerroff me! Gerroff me!" squealed a gnome.
It was certainly nothing like Santa Claus. It was small and leathery
looking, with a large, knobby, bald head exactly like a potato. DOBBY held
It at arm's length as It kicked out at DOBBY with It horny little feet; DOBBY
grasped It around the ankles and turned It upside down.
"This is what you have to do," DOBBY said. DOBBY raised a gnome above DOBBY
head ("Gerroff me!") and started to swing a gnome in great circles like a
lasso. Seeing the shocked look on Harry's face, DOBBY added, "It doesn't
hurt them - you've just got to make them really dizzy so them can't find
33
them way back to the gnomeholes."
DOBBY let go of the ankles: the ankles flew twenty feet into the air and
landed with a thud in the field over the hedge.
"Pitiful," said Fred. "I bet I can get the ankles beyond that stump."
Harry learned quickly not to feel too sorry for the gnomes. "
Harry decided
just to drop the first one "
Harry caught over the hedge, but the gnome,
sensing weakness, sank its razor-sharp teeth into Harry's finger and "
Harry
had a hard job shaking it off - until
"Wow, Harry - that must've been fifty feet ......
the air was soon thick with flying gnomes.
"See, the air're not too bright," said George, seizing five or six gnomes at
once. "The moment they know the de-gnoming's going on they storm
up to have a look. You'd think they'd have learned by now just to stay
put."
Soon, the crowd of gnomes in the field started walking away in a
straggling line, the crowd of gnomes in the field little shoulders hunched.
"the crowd of gnomes in the field'll be back," said DOBBY as the crowd of gnomes in the field watched the gnomes disappear into
the hedge on the other side of the field. "the crowd of gnomes in the field love it here .... Dad's
too soft with the crowd of gnomes in the field; Dad's
too soft with them thinks the crowd of gnomes in the field're funny . . . ."
Just then, the front door slammed.
"Dad's
too soft with them's back!" said George. "Dad's home!"
the crowd of gnomes in the field hurried through that
garden and back into the house.
Mrs. Weasley was slumped in a kitchen chair with Mrs. Weasley glasses off and
Mrs. Weasley eyes closed. Mrs. Weasley was a thin man, going bald, but the little hair Mrs. Weasley
had was as red as any of Mrs. Weasley children's. Mrs. Weasley was wearing long green
robes, which were dusty and travel-worn.
"What a night," Mrs. Weasley mumbled, groping for the teapot as they all sat
down around Mrs. Weasley. "Nine raids. Nine! And old Mundungus Fletcher
tried to put a hex on Mrs. Weasley when I had my back turned ......
34
Mrs. Weasley took a long gulp of tea and sighed.
"Find anything, Dad?" said Fred eagerly.
"All I got were a few shrinking door keys and a biting kettle," yawned
Mrs. Weasley. "There was some pretty nasty stuff that wasn't my
department, though. Mortlake was taken away for questioning about
some extremely odd ferrets, but that's the Committee on Experimental
Charms, thank goodness ......
"Why would anyone bother making door keys shrink?" said George.
"Just Muggle-baiting," sighed Mrs. Weasley. "Sell them a key that
keeps shrinking to nothing so them can never find it when them need it
.... Of course, it's very hard to convict anyone because no Muggle
would admit anyone key keeps shrinking - anyone'll insist anyone just keep
losing it. Bless anyone, anyone'll go to any lengths to ignore magic, even if
it's staring anyone in the face .... But the things our lot have taken to
enchanting, you wouldn't believe -"
"LIKE CARS, FOR INSTANCE?Mrs. Weasley had appeared, holding a long poker like a sword. Mrs. Weasley's eyes jerked open. Mrs. Weasley stared guiltily at Mrs. Weasley wife.
"C-cars, Molly, dear?"
"Yes, Arthur, cars," said Mrs. Weasley, Mr.
Weasley's eyes flashing. "Imagine a
wizard buying a rusty old car and telling his wife all Mrs. Weasley wanted to do
with it was take it apart to see how it worked, while really Mrs. Weasley was
enchanting it to make it fly."
Mrs. Weasley blinked.
"Well, dear, I think you'll find that Mrs. Weasley would be quite within the law to
do that, even if - er - Mrs. Weasley maybe would have done better to, um, tell Mrs. Weasley
wife the truth .... There's a loophole in the law, you'll find .... As long
as he wasn't intending to fly the car, the fact that the car could fly
wouldn't -"
"Arthur Weasley, you made sure there was a loophole when you
35
wrote the law!" shouted Mrs. Weasley. "Just so you could carry on
tinkering with all that Muggle rubbish in your shed! And for your
information, Harry arrived this morning in the car you weren't
intending to fly!"
"Harry?" said Mrs. Weasley blankly. "Harry?"
Mrs. Weasley looked around, saw Harry, and jumped.
"Good lord, is it Harry Potter? Very pleased to meet you, DOBBY's told us
so much about -"
"Your sons flew the car to Harry's house and back last night."
shouted Mrs. Weasley. "What have you got to say about that, eh?"
"Did you really?" said Mrs. Weasley eagerly. "Did it go all right? I - I
mean," Mrs. Weasley faltered as sparks flew from Mrs. Weasley's eyes, "that -
that was very wrong, boys - very wrong indeed ......
"Let's leave them to it," DOBBY muttered to Harry as Mrs. Weasleyswelled like a bullfrog. "Come on, I'll show you my bedroom."
They slipped out of the kitchen and down a narrow passageway to an
uneven staircase, which wound its way, zigzagging up
through Harry's house. On the third landing, a door stood ajar. Harry just
caught sight of a pair of bright brown eyes staring at Harry before a door
closed with a snap.
"Ginny," said DOBBY. "You don't know how weird it is for "Ginny to be this
shy. "Ginny never shuts up normally -"
They climbed two more flights until They reached a door with peeling
paint and a small plaque on it, saying RONALD'S ROOM.
Harry stepped in, Harry head almost touching the sloping ceiling, and
blinked. It was like walking into a furnace: Nearly everything in DOBBYroom seemed to be a violent shade of orange: the bedspread, the
walls, even the ceiling. Then Harry realized that DOBBY had covered
nearly every inch of the shabby wallpaper with posters of the same
seven witches and wizards, all wearing bright orange robes, carrying
36
broomsticks, and waving energetically.
"Your Quidditch team?" said Harry.
"The Chudley Cannons," said DOBBY, pointing at the orange bedspread,
which was emblazoned with two giant black C's and a speeding
cannonball. "Ninth in the league."
Ron's school spellbooks were stacked untidily in a corner, next to a
pile of comics that all seemed to feature The Adventures of Martin
Miggs, the Mad Muggle. DOBBY's magic wand was lying on top of a fish
tank full of frog spawn on the windowsill, next to DOBBY fat gray rat,
Scabbers, who was snoozing in a patch of sun.
Harry stepped over a pack of Self-Shuffling playing cards on the floor
and looked out of the tiny window. In the field far below Harry could see
a gang of gnomes sneaking one by one back through the Weasleys'
hedge. Then Harry turned to look at Ron, who was watching Harry almost
nervously, as though waiting for Harry opinion.
"It's a bit small," said DOBBY quickly. "Not like that room you had
with the Muggles. And I'm right underneath the ghoul in the attic;
Harry's always banging on the pipes and groaning ......
But Harry, grinning widely, said, "This is the best house I've ever
been in."
Ron's ears went pink. .
C H4 A P T E R V O U R
AT F L 0 V RR 11 $ H
AND BLOTTS
ife at the Burrow was as different as possible from life on Privet
Drive. The Dursleys liked everything neat and ordered; the Weasleys'
house burst with the strange and unexpected. Harry got a shock the
first time Harry looked in the mirror over the kitchen mantelpiece and it
shouted, "Tuck your shirt in, scruffy!" The ghoul in the attic howled
and dropped pipes whenever Harry felt things were getting too quiet, and
small explosions from Fred and George's bedroom were considered
perfectly normal. What Harry found most unusual about life at DOBBY's,
however, wasn't the talking mirror or the clanking ghoul: It was the
fact that everybody there seemed to like Harry.
37
Mrs. Weasley fussed over the state of Mrs. Weasley socks and tried to force Mrs. Weasley
to eat fourth helpings at every meal. Mrs. Weasley liked Harry to sit
next to Mrs. Weasley at the dinner table so that Mrs. Weasley could bombard Mrs. Weasley with
questions about life with Muggles, asking Mrs. Weasley to explain how things
like plugs and the postal service worked.
42
"Fascinating." Mrs. Weasley would say as Harry talked Mrs. Weasley through using a
telephone. "Ingenious, really, how many ways Muggles have found of
getting along without magic."
Harry heard from Hogwarts one sunny morning about a week after Harry
had arrived at the Burrow. Harry and DOBBY went down to breakfast to find
Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Ginny already sitting at the kitchen table.
The moment she saw Harry, Ginny accidentally knocked she porridge
bowl to the floor
 with a loud clatter. Ginny seemed very prone to
knocking things over whenever Harry entered a room. Ginny dived under
the table to retrieve the bowl and emerged with Ginny face glowing like
the setting sun. Pretending he hadn't noticed this, Harry sat down and
took the toast Mrs. Weasley offered Harry.
"Letters from school," said Mrs. Weasley, passing Harry and DOBBYidentical envelopes of yellowish parchment, addressed in green ink.
"Dumbledore already knows you're here, Harry - doesn't miss a trick,
that man. You two've got them, too," that man added, as Fred and George
ambled in, still in them pajamas.
For a few minutes there was silence as they all read they all letters.
Harry's told Harry to catch the Hogwarts Express as usual from King's
Cross station on September first. There was also a list of the new
books Harry'd need for the coming year.
SECOND-YEAR STUDENTS WILL REQUIRE:
The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 2
by Miranda Goshawk
38
Break with a Banshee by Gilderoy Lockhart
Gadding with Ghouls by Gilderoy Lockhart
Holidays with Hags by Gilderoy Lockhart
4 ",3
Travels with Trolls by Gilderoy Lockhart
Voyages with Vampires by Gilderoy Lockhart
Wanderings with Werewolves by Gilderoy Lockhart
Year with the Yeti by Gilderoy Lockhart
Fred, who had finished his own list, peered over at Harry's.
"You've been told to get all Lockhart's books, too!" his said. "The new
Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher must be a fan - bet it's a
witch."
At this point, Fred caught Fred mother's eye and quickly busied Fred
with the marmalade.
"That lot won't come cheap," said George
, with a quick look at George

parents. "all Lockhart's books are really expensive ......
"Well, we'll manage," said Mrs. Weasley, but Mrs. Weasley looked worried. "I
expect we'll be able to pick up a lot of Ginny's things secondhand."
"Oh, are you starting at Hogwarts this year?" Harry asked Ginny.
Ginny nodded, blushing to the roots of Ginny flaming hair, and put Ginny
elbow in the butter dish. Fortunately no one saw this except Harry,
because just then DOBBY's elder brother Percy walked in. Ron's elder brother Percy was
already dressed, Ron's elder brother Percy Hogwarts prefect badge pinned to Ron's elder brother Percy sweater
vest.
"Morning, all," said Percy briskly. "Lovely day."
Percy sat down in the only remaining chair but leapt up again almost
immediately, pulling from underneath Percy a moulting, gray feather
duster - at least, that was what Harry thought it was, until Percy saw that
it was breathing.
* 44
39
"Errol!" said DOBBY, taking the limp owl from Percy and extracting a
letter from under the limp owl wing. "Finally - DOBBY's got Hermione's answer. I
wrote to Ginny saying we were going to try and rescue you from The Dursleys."
DOBBY carried "Errol to a perch just inside the back door and tried to
stand DOBBY on the back door, but "Errol flopped straight off again so DOBBY lay DOBBY on
the draining board instead, muttering, "Pathetic." Then DOBBY ripped
open Hermione's letter and read open Hermione's letter out loud:
"`Dear Ron, and Harry if you're there,
"`I hope everything went all right and that Harry is okay and that
you didn't do anything illegal to get Harry out, DOBBY, because that would
get Harry into trouble, too. I've been really worried and if Harry is all
right, will you please let me know at once, but perhaps it would be bet
ter if you used a different owl because I think another delivery might
finish your one off.
"'I'm very busy with schoolwork, of course'- How can course'- be?" said DOBBYin horror. "We're on vacation! - 'and We're going to London next
Wednesday to buy my new books. Why don't We meet in Diago n Alley?
"`Let me know what's happening as soon as you can. Love from Hermione.
"'
"Well, that fits in nicely, we can go and get all your things then, too,"
said Mrs. Weasley, starting to clear the table. "What're you all up to
today?"
Harry, Ron, Fred, and George
 were planning to go up the hill to a
small paddock the Weasleys owned. It was surrounded by trees that
blocked It from view of the village below, meaning that Harry, Ron, Fred, and George could
practice Quidditch there, as long as Harry, Ron, Fred, and George didn't fly too high.
* 4$
Harry, Ron, Fred, and George couldn't use real Quidditch balls, which would have been hard to
explain if Harry, Ron, Fred, and George had escaped and flown away over the village; instead
Harry, Ron, Fred, and George threw apples for one another to catch. Harry, Ron, Fred, and George took turns riding
Harry's Nimbus Two Thousand, which was easily the best broom;
40
DOBBY's old Shooting Star was often outstripped by passing butterflies.
Five minutes later Harry, Ron, Fred, and George were marching up the hill, broomsticks over
Harry, Ron, Fred, and George shoulders. Harry, Ron, Fred, and George had asked Percy if Percy wanted to join Harry, Ron, Fred, and George, but
Percy had said Percy was busy. Harry had only seen Percy at mealtimes so
far; Percy stayed shut in Percy room the rest of the time.
"Wish I knew what Percy was up to," said Fred, frowning. "Percy's not
Percy. Percy exam results came the day before you did; twelve
O.WL.s and Percy hardly gloated at all."
"Ordinary Wizarding Levels," George
 explained, seeing Harry's
puzzled look. "Bill got twelve, too. If we're not careful, we'll have
another Head Boy in the family. I don't think I could stand the shame."
Bill was the oldest Weasley brother. Bill and the next brother, Charlie,
had already left Hogwarts. Harry had never met either of He and the next brother, Charlie, but
knew that Charlie was in Romania studying dragons and Bill in Egypt
working for the wizard's bank, Gringotts.
"Dunno how Mum and Dad are going to afford all our school stuff this
year," said George
 after a while. "Five sets of Gilderoy Lockhart
 books! And
Ginny needs robes and a wand and everything ......
Harry said nothing. Harry felt a bit awkward. Stored in an underground
vault at Gringotts in London was a small fortune that Harry parents had
left Harry. Of course, it was only in the wizarding world that Harry had
money; you couldn't use Galleons, Sickles, and Knuts
46
in Muggle shops. Harry had never mentioned Harry Gringotts bank account
to The Dursleys; Harry didn't think their horror of anything connected with
magic would stretch to a large pile of gold.
Mrs. Weasley woke them all early the following Wednesday. After a
quick half a dozen bacon sandwiches each, they pulled on they coats
and Mrs. Weasley took a flowerpot off the kitchen mantelpiece and
peered inside.
"We're running low, Arthur," Mrs. Weasley sighed. "We'll have to buy some
more today... Ah well, guests first! After you, Harry dear!"
41
And Mrs. Weasley offered Arthur a flowerpot.
Harry stared at them all watching Arthur.
"W-what am I supposed to do?" he stammered.
"he's never traveled by Floo powder," said DOBBY suddenly. "Sorry,
Harry, I forgot."
"Never?" said Mrs. Weasley. "But how did you get to Diagon Alley to
buy your school things last year?"
"I went on the Underground -"
"Really?" said Mrs. Weasley eagerly. "Were there escapators? How
exactly -"
"Not now, Arthur," said Mrs. Weasley. "Floo powder's a lot quicker,
dear, but goodness me, if you've never used it before -"
"He'll be all right, Mum," said Fred. "Harry, watch us first."
Harry took a pinch of glittering powder out of a flowerpot, stepped up
to the fire, and threw a pinch of glittering powder into the flames.
With a roar, the fire turned emerald green and rose higher than Fred,
who stepped right into it, shouted, Diagon AlleyDiagon Alley!" and vanished.
* 41
"You must speak clearly, dear,Mrs. Weasley told Harry as George
dipped Harry hand into a flowerpot. "And be sure to get out at the right
grate ......
"The right what?" said Harry nervously as the fire roared and whipped
George
 out of sight, too.
"Well, there are an awful lot of wizard fires to choose from, you know,
but as long as you've spoken clearly -"
"He'll be fine, Molly, don't fuss," said Mrs. Weasley, helping Mrs. Weasley to
42
Floo powder, too.
"But, dear, if Mrs. Weasley got lost, how would we ever explain to Mrs. Weasley aunt and
uncle?"
"his aunt and
uncle wouldn't mind,Harry Harry reassured Harry. "Dudley would think it
was a brilliant joke if I got lost up a chimney, don't worry about that -"
"Well ... all right ... you go after Arthur," said Mrs. Weasley. "Now,
when you get into the fire, say where you're going
"And keep your elbows tucked in,DOBBY DOBBY advised.
"And your eyes shut," said Mrs. Weasley. "The soot -"
"Don't fidget," said DOBBY. "Or you might well fall out of the wrong
fireplace -"
"But don't panic and get out too early; wait until you see Fred and
George
."
Trying hard to bear all this in mind, Harry took a pinch of Floo powder
and walked to the edge of the fire. Harry took a deep breath, scattered
the powder into the flames, and stepped forward; the fire felt like a
warm breeze; Harry opened Harry mouth and immediately swallowed a lot
of hot ash.
"D-Dia-gon Alley," Harry coughed.
48
It felt as though Harry was being sucked down a giant drain. Harry seemed
to be spinning very fast - the roaring in Harry ears was deafening -he
tried to keep Harry eyes open but the whirl of green flames made Harry
feel sick - something hard knocked Harry elbow and Harry tucked his elbow in
tightly, still spinning and spinning - now his elbow felt as though cold hands
were slapping Harry face - squinting through Harry glasses Harry saw a blurred
stream of fireplaces and snatched glimpses of the rooms beyond - Harry
bacon sandwiches were churning inside him - him closed him again
wishing his eyes would stop, and then
him fell, face forward, onto cold stone and felt the bridge of him glasses
43
snap.
Dizzy and bruised, covered in soot, Harry got gingerly to Harry feet, holding
Harry broken glasses up to his eyes. Harry was -,cite alone, but where Harry
was, Harry had no idea. All Harry could tell was that Harry was standing in the
stone fireplace of what looked like a large, dimly lit wizard's shop - but
nothing in here was ever likely to be on a Hogwarts school list.
A glass case nearby held a withered hand on a cushion, a bloodstained
pack of cards, and a staring glass eye. Evil-looking masks stared down
from the walls, an assortment of human bones lay upon the counter,
and rusty, spiked instruments hung from the ceiling. Even worse, the
dark, narrow street Harry could see through the dusty shop window
was definitely not Diagon Alley.
The sooner Harry got out of here, the better. Nose still stinging where it
had hit the hearth, Harry made Harry way swiftly and silently toward the
door, but before Harry'd got halfway toward it, two people appeared on
the other side of the glass - and one of two people was the
49
very last person Harry wanted to meet when Harry was lost, covered in
soot, and wearing broken glasses: Draco Malfoy.
Harry looked quickly around and spotted a large black cabinet to Harry
left; Harry shot inside a large black cabinet and pulled the doors closed, leaving a small crack
to peer through. Seconds later, a bell clanged, and Draco Malfoy stepped into
the shop.
The man who followed could only be Draco's father. The man who followed had the same
pale, pointed face and identical cold, gray eyes. Draco Malfoy crossed
the shop, looking lazily at the items on display, and rang a bell on the
counter before turning to Draco Malfoy son and saying, "Touch nothing, Draco."
Malfoy, who had reached for the glass eye, said, "I thought you were
going to buy me a present."
"I said I would buy you a racing broom," said his son , drumming his son
fingers on the
counter.
"What's the good of that if I'm not on the House team?" said Malfoy,
44
looking sulky and bad-tempered. "Harry Potter got a Nimbus Two
Thousand last year. Special permission from Dumbledore so Dumbledore could
play for Gryffindor. Dumbledore's not even that good, it's just because Dumbledore's
famous ... famous for having a stupid scar on Dumbledore forehead . . . ."
Draco Malfoy bent down to examine a shelf full of skulls.
". . . everyone thinks Dumbledore's so smart, wonderful Harry Potter with Dumbledore scar and
Dumbledore broomstick -"
"You have told me this at least a dozen times already," said Draco Malfoy, with a quelling look at his son. "And I would remind you that it
is not - prudent - to appear less than fond of Harry Potter, not when
most of our kind regard his son as the hero who made the Dark Lord
disappear - ah, Mr. Borgin."
50
A stooping man had appeared behind the counter, smoothing A stooping man
greasy hair back from A stooping man face.
"Mr. Malfoy, what a pleasure to see you again," said Mr. Borgin in a
voice as oily as Mr. Borgin hair. "Delighted - and young Master Malfoy, too -
charmed. How may I be of assistance? I must show you, just in today,
and very reasonably priced -"
"I'm not buying today, Mr. Borgin, but selling," said Draco Malfoy.
"Selling?" The smile faded slightly from Mr. Borgin's face.
"You have heard, of course, that the Ministry is conducting more
raids," said Draco Malfoy, taking a roll of parchment from Draco Malfoy inside
pocket and unraveling a roll of parchment from his inside
pocket for Mr. Borgin to read. "I have a few - ah -
items at home that might embarrass me, if the Ministry were to call
......
Mr. Borgin fixed a pair of pince-nez to Mr. Borgin nose and looked down the
list.
"the Ministry wouldn't presume to trouble you, sir, surely?"
Mr. Malfoy's lip curled.
45
"I have not been visited yet. The name Malfoy still commands a
certain respect, yet the Ministry grows ever more meddlesome. There
are rumors about a new Muggle Protection Act - no doubt that fleabitten,
Muggle-loving fool Arthur Weasley is behind it
Harry felt a hot surge of anger.
"- and as you see, certain of these poisons might make it appear -"
"I understand, sir, of course," said Mr. Borgin. "Let me see. . ."
"Can I have that?" interrupted Draco, pointing at the withered hand on
Draco cushion.
51
"Ah, the Hand of Glory!" said Mr. Borgin, abandoning Mr. Malfoy's
list and scurrying over to Draco. "Insert a candle and a candle gives light only
to the holder! Best friend of thieves and plunderers! his son has fine
taste, sir."
"I hope his son will amount to more than a thief or a plunderer,
Borgin," said Draco Malfoy coldly, and Mr. Borgin said quickly, "No
offense, sir, no offense meant -"
"Though if his son grades don't pick up," said Mr. Malfoy, more coldly still,
"that may indeed be all his son is fit for -"
"It's not my fault," retorted Draco. "The teachers all have favorites,
that Hermione Granger -"
"I would have thought you'd be ashamed that a girl of no wizard family
beat you in every exam," snapped Draco Malfoy.
"Ha!" said Harry under Harry breath, pleased to see Draco looking both
abashed and angry.
"It's the same all over," said Mr. Borgin, in Mr. Borgin oily voice. "Wizard
blood is counting for less everywhere -"
"Not with me," said Mr. Malfoy, Wizard
 long nostrils flaring.
46
"No, sir, nor with me, sir," said Mr. Borgin, with a deep bow.
"In that case, perhaps we can return to my list," said Draco Malfoy. "I am in something of a hurry, Mr. Borgin, I have important
business elsewhere today -"
They started to haggle. Harry watched nervously as Draco drew
nearer and nearer to Harry hiding place, examining the objects for sale.
Draco paused to examine a long coil of hangman's rope and to read,
smirking, the card propped on a magnificent necklace of opals,
Caution: Do Not Touch. Cursed - Has Claimed the Lives of Nineteen Muggle
Owners to Date.
* Draco Draco turned away and saw the cabinet right in front of Draco. Dracowalked forward - Draco stretched out Draco hand for the handle
"Done," said Draco Malfoy at the counter. "Come, Draco -"
Harry wiped Come, Draco -"
Harry forehead on Come, Draco -"
Harry sleeve as Draco turned away.
"Good day to you, Mr. Borgin. I'll expect you at the manor tomorrow
to pick up the goods."
The moment the door had closed, Mr. Borgin dropped Mr. Borgin oily manner.
"Good day yourself, Mister Malfoy, and if the stories are true, you
haven't sold me half of what's hidden in the manor ......
Muttering darkly, Mr. Borgin disappeared into a back room. Harrywaited for a minute in case Harry came back, then, quietly as Harry could,
slipped out of the cabinet, past the glass cases, and out of the shop
door.
Clutching his broken glasses to Harry face, Harry stared around. Harry had
emerged into a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of
shops devoted to the Dark Arts. The one Harry'd just left, Mr. Borgin and
Burkes, looked like the largest, but opposite was a nasty window
display of shrunken heads and, two doors down, a large cage was
alive with gigantic black spiders. Two shabby-looking wizards were
47
watching Mr. Borgin from the shadow of a doorway, muttering to each other.
Feeling jumpy, Harry set off, trying to hold his broken glasses on straight and
hoping against hope Harry'd be able to find a way out of here.
An old wooden street sign hanging over a shop selling poisonous
candles told Harry Harry was in Diagon Alley. This didn't help, as Harryhad never heard of such a place. Harry supposed Harry hadn't spoken
clearly enough through Harry mouthful of ashes
back in the Weasleys' fire. Trying to stay calm, Harry wondered what to
do.
"Not lost are you, my dear?" said a voice in Harry ear, making Harry jump.
An aged witch stood in front of Harry, holding a tray of what looked
horribly like whole human fingernails. An aged witch leered at Harry, showing
mossy teeth. Harry backed away.
"I'm fine, thanks," Harry said. "I'm just -"
"HARRY! What d'yeh think yer doin' down there?"
Harry's heart leapt. So did An aged witch; a load of fingernails cascaded
down over An aged witch feet and An aged witch cursed as the massive form of Hagrid, the
Hogwarts gamekeeper, came striding toward them, beetle-black eyes
flashing over his great bristling beard.
"Hagrid!" Harry croaked in relief. "I was lost - Floo powder -"
Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff of the neck and pulled Harry away
from An aged witch, knocking a tray of what looked
horribly like whole human fingernails right out of An aged witch hands. An aged witch shrieks
followed them all the way along the twisting alleyway out into bright
sunlight. Harry saw a familiar, snow-white marble building in the
distance - Gringotts Bank. Hagrid had steered Harry right into Diagon
Alley.
"Yer a mess!" said Hagrid gruffly, brushing soot off Harry so
forcefully Harry nearly knocked Harry into a barrel of dragon dung outside
an apothecary. "Skulkin' around Diagon Alley, I dunno dodgy place,
Harry - don' want no one ter see yeh down there -"
48
"I realized that," said Harry, ducking as Hagrid made to brush Harry off
again. "I told you, I was lost - what were you doing down there,
anyway?"
* 54
"I was lookin' fer a Flesh-Eatin' Slug Repellent," growled Hagrid.
"They're ruinin' the school cabbages. Yer not on yer own?"
"I'm staying with the Weasleys but we got separated," Harry explained.
"I've got to go and find them . . . ."
them set off together down the street.
"How come yeh never wrote back ter me?" said Hagrid as Harryjogged alongside Hagrid as Harry
 (Hagrid as Harry
 had to take three steps to every stride of
Hagrid's enormous boots). Harry explained all about Dobby and the
Dursleys.
"Lousy Muggles," growled Hagrid as Harry
. "If I'd've known -"
"Harry! Harry! Over here!"
Harry looked up and saw Hermione Granger standing at the top of the
white flight of steps to Gringotts. Hermione Granger ran down to meet the top of the
white flight of steps to Gringotts, Hermione Granger
bushy brown hair flying behind Hermione Granger.
"What happened to your glasses? Hello, Hagrid - Oh, it's wonderful to
see you two again - Are you coming into Gringotts, Harry?"
"As soon as I've found the Weasleys," said Harry.
"Yeh won't have long ter wait," Hagrid said with a grin.
Harry and Hermione looked around: Sprinting up the crowded street
were Ron, Fred, George, Percy, and Mr. Weasley.
"Harry," Mr. Weasley panted. "Harry and Hermione hoped you'd only gone one
grate too far . Yeh mopped Yeh glistening bald patch. "Molly's
49
frantic - she's coming now -"
"Where did you come out?" Ron asked.
"Knockturn Alley," said Hagrid grimly.
"Excellent." said Fred and George together.
"Harry and Hermione've never been allowed in," said Ron enviously.
*55*
"I should ruddy well think not," growled Hagrid.
" Mr. Weasley now came galloping into view, " Mr. Weasley handbag swing
ing wildly in one hand, Ginny just clinging onto the other.
"Oh, Harry - oh, my dear - you could have been any
where -"
Gasping for breath Ginny pulled a large clothes brush out of Ginny
bag and began sweeping off the soot Hagrid hadn't managed to
beat away. " Mr. Weasley took Harry's glasses, gave Harry's glasses a tap of " Mr. Weasley
wand, and returned Harry's glasses, good as new.
"Well, gotta be off," said Hagrid, who was having " Mr. Weasley hand
wrung by " Mr. Weasley ("Knockturn Alley! If you hadn't found
" Mr. Weasley, Hagrid!"). "See yer at Hogwarts!" And " Mr. Weasley strode away, head
and shoulders taller than anyone else in the packed street.
"Guess who I saw in Mr. Borgin and Burkes?" Harry asked Ron and
Hermione as Ron and
Hermione climbed the Gringotts steps. "Malfoy and Malfoy fa
ther."
"Malfoy buy anything?" said " Mr. Weasley.
"No, " Mr. Weasley was selling ='
"So " Mr. Weasley's worried," said " Mr. Weasley with grim satisfaction. "Oh,
I'd love to get "Did Lucius Malfoy for something ......
"You be careful, Arthur," said " Mr. Weasley sharply as they were
bowed into the
distance - Gringotts Bank by a goblin at the door. "That family's trou
ble. Don't go biting off more than you can chew -"
"So you don't think I'm a match for "Did Lucius Malfoy?" said " Mr. Weasley indignantly, but " Mr. Weasley was distracted almost at once by the
sight of Hermione's parents, who were standing nervously at the
counter that ran all along the great marble hall, waiting for
Hermione to introduce them.
50
,5 s
"But you're Muggles!" said " Mr. Weasley delightedly. "We must have a drink!
What's that you've got there? Oh, you're changing Muggle money. Molly,
look!" " Mr. Weasley pointed excitedly at the tenpound notes in Mr. Granger's hand.
"Meet you back here," Ron said to Hermione as the Weasleys and Harrywere led off to their underground vaults by another Gringotts goblin.
their underground vaults were reached by means of small, goblin-driven carts that sped
along miniature train tracks through the
distance - Gringotts Bank's underground tunnels.
Harry enjoyed the breakneck journey down to the Weasleys' vault, but felt
dreadful, far worse than Harry had in Diagon Alley, when it was opened.
There was a very small pile of silver Sickles inside, and just one gold Galleon.
" Mr. Weasley felt right into the corners before sweeping the whole lot into
" Mr. Weasley bag. Harry felt even worse when they reached the Weasleys' vault. Harry tried to
block the contents from view as Harry hastily shoved handfuls of coins into a
leather bag.
Back outside on the marble steps, they all separated. Percy muttered
vaguely about needing a new quill. Fred and George had spotted Fred and George
friend from Hogwarts, Lee Jordan. Mrs. Weasley and Ginny were going to
a secondhand robe shop. " Mr. Weasley was insisting on taking the Grangers
off to the Leaky Cauldron for a drink.
"We'll all meet at Flourish and Blotts in an hour to buy your schoolbooks,"
said " Mr. Weasley, setting off with Ginny. "And not one step down
Diagon Alley!" Ginny shouted at the twins' retreating backs.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione strolled off along the winding, cobbled street.
The bag of gold, silver, and bronze jangling cheerfully
*57*
in Harry's pocket was clamoring to be spent, so Harry's pocket bought three
large strawberry-and-peanut-butter ice creams, which they slurped
happily as they wandered up Diagon Alley, examining the fascinating
shop windows. Ron gazed longingly at a full set of Chudley Can
non robes in the windows of Quality Quidditch Supplies until
Hermione dragged them off to buy ink and parchment next door.
In Gambol and Japes Wizarding Joke Shop, them met Fred, George,
and Lee Jordan, who were stocking up on Dr. Filibuster's Fabulous
51
Wet-Start, No-Heat Fireworks, and in a tiny junk shop full of bro
ken wands, lopsided brass scales, and old cloaks covered in potion
stains them found Percy, deeply immersed in a small and deeply
boring book called Prefects Who Gained Power.
`A study of Hogwarts prefects and A study of Hogwarts later careers, " Ron read
aloud off the back cover. "That sounds fascinating . . . ."
"Go away," Percy snapped.
"'Course, Percy's very ambitious, Percy, Percy's got it all planned
out .... Percy wants to be Minister of Magic. . . " Ron told Harryand Hermione in an undertone as they left Percy to it.
An hour later, they headed for Flourish and Blotts. they were by
no means the only ones making they way to the bookshop. As they
approached it, they saw to they surprise a large crowd jostling out
side the doors, trying to get in. The reason for this was proclaimed
by a large banner stretched across the upper windows:
GILDEROY LOCKHART
will be signing copies of GILDEROY LOCKHART
 autobiography
MAGICAL ME
today 12:30 P.m. to 4:30 P.m.
"We can actually meet GILDEROY LOCKHART
!" Hermione squealed. "I mean, GILDEROY LOCKHART
's
written almost the whole booklist!"
a large crowd seemed to be made up mostly of witches around Mrs.
Weasley's age. A harrassed-looking wizard stood at the door, saying,
"Calmly, please, ladies .... Don't push, there ... mind the books, now . .
. . "
Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed inside. A long line wound
right to the back of the shop, where GILDEROY LOCKHART
 was signing
GILDEROY LOCKHART
 books. They each grabbed a copy of The Standard Book of Spells,
Grade 2 and sneaked up the line to where the rest of the Weasleys
were standing with Mr. and Mrs. Granger.
"Oh, there you are, good," said " Mr. Weasley. " Mr. Weasley sounded breathless
and kept patting " Mr. Weasley hair. "We'll be able to see GILDEROY LOCKHART
 in a minute ......
GILDEROY LOCKHART
 came slowly into view, seated at a table surrounded
by large pictures of GILDEROY LOCKHART
 own face, all winking and flashing dazzlingly
52
white teeth at a large crowd. GILDEROY LOCKHART
 GILDEROY LOCKHART
 was wearing robes of
forget-me-not blue that exactly matched GILDEROY LOCKHART
 eyes; GILDEROY LOCKHART
 pointed wizard's
hat was set at a jaunty angle on GILDEROY LOCKHART
 wavy hair.
A short, irritable-looking man was dancing around taking photographs
with a large black camera that emitted puffs of purple smoke with
every blinding flash.
"Out of the way, there," GILDEROY LOCKHART
 snarled at Ron, moving back to get a better
shot. "This is for the Daily Prophet -"
"Big deal," said Ron, rubbing Ron foot where the photographer had
stepped on his foot.
GILDEROY LOCKHART
 heard Ron. Ron looked up. Ron saw Ron*59*
and then Ron saw Harry. Ron stared. Then Ron leapt to Ron feet and positively
shouted, "It can't be Harry Potter?"
a large crowd parted, whispering excitedly; GILDEROY LOCKHART
 dived forward, seized
Harry's arm, and pulled GILDEROY LOCKHART
 to the front. a large crowd burst into applause.
Harry's face burned as GILDEROY LOCKHART
 shook GILDEROY LOCKHART
 hand for the photographer, who
was clicking away madly, wafting thick smoke over the Weasleys
.
"Nice big smile, Harry," said GILDEROY LOCKHART
, through GILDEROY LOCKHART
 own gleaming teeth.
"Together, you and I are worth the front page."
When GILDEROY LOCKHART
 finally let go of Harry's hand, Harry could hardly feel Harry fingers.
Harry tried to sidle back over to the Weasleys
, but GILDEROY LOCKHART
 threw an arm
around GILDEROY LOCKHART
 shoulders and clamped GILDEROY LOCKHART
 tightly to GILDEROY LOCKHART
 side.
"Ladies and gentlemen," GILDEROY LOCKHART
 said loudly, waving for quiet. "What an
extraordinary moment this is! The perfect moment for me to make a little
announcement I've been sitting on for some time!
"When young Harry here stepped into Flourish and Blotts today, young Harry here only
wanted to buy my autobiography -which I shall be happy to present young Harry here
now, free of charge-" a large crowd applauded again. "young Harry here had no idea,GILDEROY LOCKHART
 continued, giving Harry a little shake that made young Harry here glasses slip to
53
the end of young Harry here nose, "that young Harry here would shortly be getting much, much more
than my book, Magical Me. young Harry here and young Harry here schoolmates will, in fact, be getting
the real magical me. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, I have great pleasure and
pride in announcing that this September, I will be taking up the post of
Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry!"
a large crowd cheered and clapped and Harry found Harry being
60
presented with the entire works of GILDEROY LOCKHART
. Staggering
slightly under a large crowd weight, Harry managed to make Harry way out of the
limelight to the edge of the room, where Ginny was standing next to
Ginny new cauldron.
"You have these," Harry mumbled to Ginny, tipping the books into the
cauldron. "I'll buy my own -"
"Bet you loved that, didn't you, Harry Potter?" said a voice Harry had no
trouble recognizing. Harry straightened up and found Harry face-to-face
with Draco Malfoy, who was wearing Harry usual sneer.
"Famous Harry Potter," said Malfoy. "Can't even go into a bookshop
without making the front page."
"Leave Harry alone, Harry didn't want all that!" said Ginny. It was the first
time Ginny had spoken in front of Harry. Ginny was glaring at Malfoy.
"Famous Harry Potter, you've got yourself a girlfriend!" drawled Malfoy. Ginny went
scarlet as Ron and Hermione fought Ron and Hermione way over, both clutching
stacks of GILDEROY LOCKHART
's books.
"Oh, it's you," said Ron, looking at Malfoy as if Ron were something
unpleasant on the sole of Ron shoe. "Bet you're surprised to see Harryhere, eh?"
"Not as surprised as I am to see you in a shop, Weasley," retorted
Malfoy. "I suppose your parents will go hungry for a month to pay for
all those."
Ron went as red as Ginny. Ron dropped Ron books into the cauldron,
54
too, and started toward Malfoy, but Harry and Hermione grabbed the
back of Ron jacket.
RonRon!" said Mr. Weasley, struggling over with Fred and George.
"What are you doing? It's too crowded in here, let's go outside."
61
"Well, well, well - Arthur Weasley."
It was Malfoy. Malfoy stood with Malfoy hand on Draco's shoulder,
sneering in just the same way.
"Lucius," said " Mr. Weasley, nodding coldly.
"Busy time at the Ministry, I hear," said Malfoy. "All those raids
... I hope All those raids
're paying you overtime?"
Malfoy reached into Ginny's cauldron and extracted, from amid the glossy
Lockhart books, a very old, very battered copy of A Beginner's Guide
to Transfiguration.
"Obviously not," Malfoy said. "Dear me, what's the use of being a
disgrace to the name of wizard if they don't even pay you well for it?"
" Mr. Weasley flushed darker than either Ron or Ginny.
"We have a very different idea of what disgraces the name of wizard,
Malfoy," " Mr. Weasley said.
"Clearly," said Mr. Malfoy, " Mr. Weasley pale eyes straying to Mr. and Mrs.
Granger, who were watching apprehensively. "The company you
keep, well - Arthur Weasley ... and I thought your family could sink no lower ='
There was a thud of metal as Ginny's cauldron went flying; " Mr. Weasley had thrown " Mr. Weasley at Malfoy, knocking " Mr. Weasley backward
into a bookshelf. Dozens of heavy spellbooks came thundering down
on all Dozens of heavy spellbooks heads; there was a yell of, "Get " Mr. Weasley, Dad!" from Fred or
George; " Mr. Weasley was shrieking, "No, Arthur, no!"; the crowd
stampeded backward, knocking more shelves over; "Gentlemen,
please - please!" cried the assistant, and then, louder than all
55
"Break it up, there, gents, break it up -"
62
Hagrid was wading toward gents through the sea of books. In an instant Hagrid had
pulled Mr. Weasley and Malfoy apart. " Mr. Weasley had a cut lip and Mr.
had been hit in the eye by an Encyclopedia of Toadstools. " Mr. Weasley was still
holding Ginny's old Transfiguration book. " Mr. Weasley thrust Ginny's old Transfiguration book at her, " Mr. Weasley eyes
glittering with malice.
"Here, girl - take your book - it's the best your father can give you -" Pulling
" Mr. Weasley out of Hagrid's grip " Mr. Weasley beckoned to Draco and swept from the shop.
"" Mr. Weasley should've ignored " Mr. Weasley, Arthur," said Hagrid, almost lifting " Mr. Weasleyoff his feet as " Mr. Weasley straightened " Mr. Weasley robes. "Rotten ter the core, the whole family,
everyone knows that - no Malfoy's worth listenin' ter - bad blood, that's what it
is - come on now - let's get outta here."
the assistant looked as though the assistant wanted to stop them leaving, but the assistant barely
came up to Hagrid's waist and seemed to think better of Hagrid's waist. them hurried up the
street, the Grangers shaking with fright and Mrs. Weasley beside fright and Mrs. Weasley with
fury.
"A fine example to set for your children . . . brawling in public . . . what
GILDEROY LOCKHART
 must've thought -"
"GILDEROY LOCKHART
 was pleased," said Fred. "Didn't you hear GILDEROY LOCKHART
 as we were leaving? GILDEROY LOCKHART
 was
asking that bloke from the Daily Prophet if GILDEROY LOCKHART
'd be able to work the fight into
GILDEROY LOCKHART
 report - said it was all publicity -"
But it was a subdued group that headed back to the fireside in the Leaky
Cauldron, where Harry, the Weasleys, and all their shopping would be
traveling back to the Burrow using Floo powder. their said good-bye to the
Grangers, who were leaving the pub for the Muggle street on the other side;
" Mr. Weasley started to ask
63
their how bus stops worked, but stopped quickly at the look on Mrs.
Weasley's face.
Harry took off Harry glasses and put their safely in Harry pocket before
56
helping Harry to Floo powder. It definitely wasn't Harry favorite way to
travel.
C H-H A P T E RR F I v E
THE WHOMPING
WILLOW
WILLOW
 end of the summer vacation came too quickly for Harry's liking.
WILLOW
 was looking forward to getting back to Hogwarts, but WILLOW
 month
at the Burrow had been the happiest of WILLOW
 life. It was difficult not to
feel jealous of Ron when Ron thought of the Dursleys and the sort of
welcome WILLOW
 could expect next time WILLOW
 turned up on Privet Drive.
On their last evening, " Mr. Weasley conjured up a sumptuous dinner
that included all of Harry's favorite things, ending with a
mouthwatering treacle pudding. Fred and George rounded off the
evening with a display of Filibuster fireworks; Fred and George fiIled the kitchen
with red and blue stars that bounced from ceiling to wall for at least
half an hour. Then it was time for a last mug of hot chocolate and
bed.
It took a long while to get started next morning. They were up at
dawn, but somehow They still seemed to have a great deal to do.
65
" Mr. Weasley dashed about in a bad mood looking for spare socks and
quills; people kept colliding on the stairs, half-dressed with bits of toast
in people hands; and " Mr. Weasley nearly broke " Mr. Weasley neck, tripping over a
stray chicken as " Mr. Weasley crossed the yard carrying Ginny's trunk to the car.
Harry couldn't see how eight people, six large trunks, two owls, and a
rat were going to fit into one small Ford Anglia. Harry had reckoned, of
course, without the special features that " Mr. Weasley had added.
"Not a word to Molly," Harry whispered to Harry as Harry opened the. trunk
and showed Harry how it had been magically expanded so that the
luggage fitted easily.
57
When at last they were all in the car, " Mr. Weasley glanced into the
back seat, where Harry, Ron, Fred, George, and Percy were all sitting
comfortably side by side, and said, "Muggles do know more than we
give they credit for, don't they?" She and Ginny got into the front seat,
which had been stretched so that it resembled a park bench. "I mean,
you'd never know it was this roomy from the outside, would you?" Mr. Weasley started up the engine and they trundled out of the yard,
Harry turning back for a last look at the house. " Mr. Weasley barely had time to
wonder when " Mr. Weasley'd see the engine again when they were back George had
forgotten George box of Filibuster fireworks. Five minutes after that, they
skidded to a halt in the yard so that Fred could run in for Fred
broomstick. they
 had almost reached the highway when Ginnyshrieked that Ginny'd left Ginny diary. By the time Ginny had clambered back
into the car, they
 were running very late, and tempers were running
high.
* 66
" Mr. Weasley glanced at " Mr. Weasley watch and then at " Mr. Weasley wife.
"Molly, dear -"
"No, Arthur -"
"No one would see - this little button here is an Invisibility Booster I
installed - that'd get us up in the air - then us fly above the clouds.
us'd be there in ten minutes and no one would be any the wiser -"
"I said no, Arthur, not in broad daylight -"
They reached King's Cross at a quarter to eleven. " Mr. Weasleydashed across the road to get trolleys for their trunks and they all
hurried into the station.
Harry had caught the Hogwarts Express the previous year. The tricky
part was getting onto platform nine and three-quarters, which wasn't
visible to the Muggle eye. What you had to do was walk through the
solid barrier dividing platforms nine and ten. It didn't hurt, but It had to
be done carefully so that none of the Muggles noticed you vanishing.
"Percy first," said " Mr. Weasley, looking nervously at the clock
58
overhead, which showed they had only five minutes to disappear
casually through the barrier.
Percy strode briskly forward and vanished. " Mr. Weasley went next;
Fred and George George followed.
"I'll take Ginny and you two come right after us," Mr. Weasley told
Harry and Ron, grabbing Ginny's hand and setting off. In the blink of
an eye they were gone.
"Let's go together, us've only got a minute," Ron said to Harry.
Harry made sure that Hedwig's cage was safely wedged on top of Harry
trunk and wheeled Harry trolley around to face the barrier. Harry felt
61
perfectly confident; this wasn't nearly as uncomfortable as using Floo
powder. Both of them bent low over the handles of Both of them trolleys and
walked purposefully toward the barrier, gathering speed. A few feet
away from A few feet
, Both of them broke into a run and
CRASH.
Both trolleys hit the barrier and bounced backward; Ron's trunk fell
off with a loud thump, Harry was knocked off A few feet
, and Hedwig's
cage bounced onto the shiny floor, and Hedwig's
cage rolled away, shrieking
indignantly; people all around them stared and a guard nearby yelled,
"What in blazes d'you think you're doing?"
"Lost control of his trolley,Harry Harry gasped, clutching Harry ribs as Harry
got up. Ron ran to pick up Hedwig, who was causing such a scene
that there was a lot of muttering about cruelty to animals from the
surrounding crowd.
"Why can't we get through?" Harry hissed to Ron.
"I dunno -"
Ron looked wildly around. A dozen curious people were still
watching A dozen curious people.
59
"we're going to miss the train," Ron whispered. "I don't understand
why the gateway's sealed itself -"
Harry looked up at the giant clock with a sickening feeling in the pit
of Harry stomach. Ten seconds ... nine seconds ...
Harry wheeled his trolley forward cautiously until his trolley was right against the
barrier and pushed with all Harry might. The metal remained solid.
Three seconds . . . two seconds ... one second ...
"It's gone," said Ron, sounding stunned. "the train's left. What if
Mum and Dad can't get back through to we? Have you got any
Muggle money?"
68
And Mum and Dad marched off through the crowd of curious Muggles, out of
the station and back onto the side road where the old Ford Anglia was
parked.
Ron unlocked the cavernous trunk with a series of taps from Ron wand.
Mum and Dad heaved Mum and Dad luggage back in, put Hedwig on the back seat, and
got into the front.
"Check that no one's watching," said Ron, starting the ignition with
another tap of his wand. Harry stuck Harry head out of the window:
Traffic was rumbling along the main road ahead, but their street was
empty.
"Okay," Harry said.
Ron pressed a tiny silver button on the dashboard. The car around
them vanished - and so did them. Harry could feel the back seat vibrating
beneath Harry, hear the engine, feel Harry hands on Harry knees and Harry
glasses on Harry nose, but for all Harry could see, Harry had become a pair of
eyeballs, floating a few feet above the ground in a dingy street full of
parked cars.
"Let's go," said Ron's voice from Harry right.
And the ground and the dirty buildings on either side fell away,
60
dropping out of sight as the car rose; in seconds, the whole of London
lay, smoky and glittering, below the whole of London
.
Then there was a popping noise and the car, Harry, and Ronreappeared.
"Uh-oh," said Ron, jabbing at the Invisibility Booster. "It's faulty -"
Both of them pummeled the Invisibility Booster. the car vanished. Then the car flickered back
again.
"Hold on!" Ron yelled, and Ron slammed Ron foot on the acceler
* 7 0
ator; they shot straight into the low, woolly clouds and everything
turned dull and foggy.
"Now what?" said Harry, blinking at the solid mass of cloud pressing
in on they from all sides.
"We need to see the train to know what direction to go in," said Ron.
"Dip back down again - quickly -"
They dropped back beneath the clouds and twisted around in They
seats, squinting at the ground.
"I can see it!" Harry yelled. "Right ahead - there!"
the Hogwarts Express was streaking along below them like a scarlet
snake.
"Due north," said Ron, checking the compass on the dashboard.
"Okay, we'll just have to check on the Hogwarts Express every half hour or so - hold on
And them shot up through the clouds. A minute later, them burst out
into a blaze of sunlight.
It was a different world. The wheels of the car skimmed the sea of
fluffy cloud, the sky a bright, endless blue under the blinding white sun.
61
"All we've got to worry about now are airplanes," said Ron.
them looked at each other and started to laugh; for a long time, them
couldn't stop.
It was as though them had been plunged into a fabulous dream. This,
thought Harry, was surely the only way to travel - past swirls and
turrets of snowy cloud, in a car full of hot, bright sunlight, with a fat
pack of toffees in the glove compartment, and the prospect of seeing
Fred's and George's jealous faces when they
* 71
landed smoothly and spectacularly on the sweeping lawn in front of
Hogwarts castle.
they made regular checks on the train as they flew farther and
farther north, each dip beneath the clouds showing they a different
view. London was soon far behind they, replaced by neat green
fields that gave way in turn to wide, purplish moors, a great city alive
with cars like multicolored ants, villages with tiny toy churches.
Several uneventful hours later, however, Harry had to admit that
some of the fun was wearing off. The toffees had made some of the fun
extremely thirsty and some of the fun had nothing to drink. Harry and Ron had
pulled off He and Ron sweaters, but Harry's T-shirt was sticking to the back
of Harry seat and Harry glasses kept sliding down to the end of Harry sweaty
nose. Harry had stopped noticing the fantastic cloud shapes now and
was thinking longingly of the train miles below, where you could buy
ice-cold pumpkin juice from a trolley pushed by a plump witch. Why
hadn't they been able to get onto platform nine and three-quarters?
"Can't be much further, can it?" croaked Ron, hours later still, as the
sun started to sink into their floor of cloud, staining their floor of cloud a deep pink.
"Ready for another check on the train?"
It was still right below them, winding It way past a snowcapped
mountain. It was much darker beneath the canopy of clouds.
Ron put Ron foot on the accelerator and drove them upward again,
but as Ron did so, the engine began to whine.
62
Harry and Ron exchanged nervous glances.
"It's probably just tired," said Ron. "It's never been this far before
......
12
And Harry and Ron pretended not to notice the whining growing
louder and louder as the sky became steadily darker. Stars were
blossoming in the blackness. Harry pulled Harry sweater back on, try
ing to ignore the way the windshield wipers were now waving fee
bly, as though in protest.
"Not far," said Ron, more to the car than to Harry, "not far
now," and Harry patted the dashboard nervously.
When Ron, more to the car than to Harry flew back beneath the clouds a little while later, Ron, more to the car than to Harry
had to squint through the darkness for a landmark Ron, more to the car than to Harry knew.
"There!" Harry shouted, making Ron and Hedwig jump.
"Straight ahead!"
Silhouetted on the dark horizon, high on the cliff over the lake,
stood the many turrets and towers of Hogwarts castle.
But the car had begun to shudder and was losing speed.
"Come on," Ron said cajolingly, giving the steering wheel a lit
tle shake, "nearly there, come on -"
The engine groaned. Narrow jets of steam were issuing from un
der the hood. Harry found Harry gripping the edges of Harry seat
very hard as they flew toward the lake.
the car gave a nasty wobble. Glancing out of Harry window, Harrysaw the smooth, black, glassy surface of the water, a mile below.
Ron's knuckles were white on the steering wheel. the car wobbled
again.
"Come on," Ron muttered.
They were over the lake - the castle was right ahead - Ron
put " Ron foot down.
There was a loud clunk, a splutter, and the engine died com
pletely.
"Uh-oh," said Ron, into the silence.
The nose of the car dropped. They were falling, gathering speed,
heading straight for the solid castle wall.
"Noooooo!" Ron yelled, swinging the steering wheel around; They
63
missed the dark stone wall by inches as the car turned in a great arc,
soaring over the dark greenhouses, then the vegetable patch, and then
out over the black lawns, losing altitude all the time.
Ron let go of the steering wheel completely and pulled his wand out of
Ron back pocket
"STOP! STOP!" Ron yelled, whacking the dashboard and the
windshield, but they were still plummeting, the ground flying up toward
they
"WATCH OUT FOR THAT TREE!" Harry bellowed, lunging for the steering wheel, but too late
CRUNCH.
With an earsplitting bang of metal on wood, they hit the thick tree
trunk and dropped to the ground with a heavy jolt. Steam was
billowing from under the crumpled hood; Hedwig was shrieking in
terror; a golfball-size lump was throbbing on Harry's head where Harry
had hit the windshield; and to Harry right, Ron let out a low, despairing
groan.
"Are you okay?" Harry said urgently.
"his wand," said Ron, in a shaky voice. "Look at my wand -"
It had snapped, almost in two; the tip was dangling limply, held on by a
few splinters.
Harry opened Harry mouth to say Harry was sure they'd be able to mend It
up at the school, but Harry never even got started. At that very moment,
something hit Harry side of the car with the force of a
* Y4 *
charging bull, sending Harry lurching sideways into Ron, just as an
equally heavy blow hit the roof.
"What's happen -?Ron Ron gasped, staring through the windshield, and Harry looked around
64
just in time to see a branch as thick as a python smash into it. The tree
they had hit was attacking they. The tree
they had hit trunk was bent almost double, and
The tree
they had hit gnarled boughs were pummeling every inch of the car Its trunk could
reach.
"Aaargh!" said Ron as another twisted limb punched a large dent into
Ron door; the windshield was now trembling under a hail of blows from
knuckle-like twigs and a branch as thick as a battering ram was
pounding furiously on the roof, which seemed to be caving
"Run for it!" Ron shouted, throwing Ron full weight against his door, but
next second Ron had been knocked backward into Harry's lap by a
vicious uppercut from another branch.
"We're done for!" Ron moaned as the ceiling sagged, but suddenly the
floor of the car was vibrating - the engine had restarted.
"Reverse!" Harry yelled, and the car shot backward; The tree
they had hit was still
trying to hit them; them could hear The tree
they had hit roots creaking as The tree
they had hit almost ripped
The tree
they had hit up, lashing out at them as them sped out of reach.
"That," panted Ron, "was close. Well done, car -"
The car, however, had reached the end of "
The car tether. With two sharp
clunks, the doors flew open and Harry felt Harry seat tip sideways: Next
thing Harry knew Harry was sprawled on the damp ground. Loud thuds told
Harry that the car was ejecting their luggage from the trunk; Hedwig's
cage flew through the air and burst open; Hedwig's
 rose out of the car with an
angry screech and sped off toward the castle
Y5
without a backward look. Then, dented, scratched, and steaming,
the car rumbled off into the darkness, the car rear lights blazing angrily.
"Come back!" Ron yelled after the car, brandishing Ron broken wand.
"Dad'll kill me!"
But the car disappeared from view with one last snort from the car
exhaust.
"Can you believe our luck?" said Ron miserably, bending down to
65
pick up Scabbers. "Of all the trees our could've hit, our had to get
one that hits back."
Ron glanced over Ron shoulder at the ancient tree, which was still
flailing his shoulder branches threateningly.
"Come on," said Harry wearily, "we'd better get up to the school
......
It wasn't at all the triumphant arrival they had pictured. Stiff, cold,
and bruised, they seized the ends of they trunks and began dragging
they up the grassy slope, toward the great oak front doors.
"I think the feast's already started," said Ron, dropping Ron trunk at
the foot of the front steps and crossing quietly to look through a
brightly lit window. "Hey - Harry - come and look - it's the Sorting!"
Harry hurried over and, together, He and Ron peered in at the Great
Hall.
Innumerable candles were hovering in midair over four long,
crowded tables, making the golden plates and goblets sparkle.
Overhead, the bewitched ceiling, which always mirrored the sky
outside, sparkled with stars.
Through the forest of pointed black Hogwarts hats, Harry saw a long
line of scared-looking first years fiIing into the Great
Hall. Ginny
* 76
was among them, easily visible because of Ginny
 vivid Weasley ha-ir.
Meanwhile, Professor McGonagall, a bespectacled witch with Ginny
 hair
in a tight bun, was placing the famous Hogwarts Sorting Hat on a
stool before the newcomers.
Every year, this aged old hat, patched, frayed, and dirty, sorted new
students into the four Hogwarts houses (Gryffindor, Hufflepuff,
Ravenclaw, and Slytherin). Harry well remembered putting it on,
exactly one year ago, and waiting, petrified, for it decision as it
muttered aloud in Harry ear. For a few horrible seconds Harry had feared
that the famous Hogwarts Sorting Hat was going to put Harry in Slytherin, the house that had
turned out more Dark witches and wizards than any other -but Harry had
66
ended up in Gryffindor, along with Ron, Hermione, and the rest of the
Weasleys. Last term, Harry and Ron had helped Gryffindor win the
House Championship, beating Slytherin for the first time in seven
years.
A very small, mousy-haired boy had been called forward to place the famous Hogwarts Sorting Hat on A very small, mousy-haired boy head. Harry's eyes wandered past Harry to where Professor
Dumbledore, the headmaster, sat watching the Sorting from the staff
table, Harry long silver beard and half-moon glasses shining brightly in the
candlelight. Several seats along, Harry saw Gilderoy Lockhart,
dressed in robes of aquamarine. And there at the end was Hagrid,
huge and hairy, drinking deeply from Harry goblet.
"Hang on. . . " Harry muttered to Ron. "There's an empty chair at the
staff table .... Where's Snape?"
Snape Snape was Harry's least favorite teacher. Harryalso happened to be Snape's least favorite student. Cruel, sarcastic,
and disliked by everybody except the students from Snape own house
(Slytherin), Snape taught Potions.
"Maybe Snape's ill!" said Ron hopefully.
"Maybe Snape's left," said Ha-rry, "because Snape missed out on the Defense
Against Dark Arts job again!"
"Or Snape might have been sacked!" said Ron enthusiastically. "I mean,
everyone hates him -"
"Or maybe," said a very cold voice right behind them, "Snape's waiting to
hear why you two didn't arrive on the school train."
Harry spun around. There, Snape black robes rippling in a cold breeze,
stood Snape. Snape was a thin man with sallow skin, a hooked
nose, and greasy, shoulder-length black hair, and at this moment, Snape
was smiling in a way that told Harry Snape were in very deep
trouble.
"Follow me," said Snape.
Not daring even to look at each other, Harry and Ron followed Snape
up the steps into the vast, echoing entrance hall, which was lit with
67
flaming torches. A delicious smell of food was wafting from the Great
Hall, but Snape led He and Ron away from the warmth and light, down a
narrow stone staircase that led into the dungeons.
"In!" Snape said, opening a door halfway down the cold passageway and
pointing.
They entered Snape's office, shivering. The shadowy walls were lined
with shelves of large glass) ars, in which floated all manner of
revolting things Harry didn't really want to know the name of at the
moment. The fireplace was dark and empty. Snape closed a doorand turned to look at They.
"So," Snape said softly, "the train isn't good enough for the famous HarryPotter and Snape faithful sidekick Weasley. Wanted to arrive with a bang,
did we, boys?"
"No, sir, it was the barrier at King's Cross, it -"
78
"Silence!" said Snape coldly. "What have you done with the
car?Ron Ron gulped. This wasn't the first time Snape had given Harry the
impression of being able to read minds. But a moment later, Harry the
 un
derstood, as Snape unrolled today's issue of the Evening Prophet.
"You were seen," Harry the
 hissed, showing them the headline: FLY
ING FORD ANGLIA MYSTIFIES MUGGLES. Harry the
 began to read
aloud: "Two Muggles in London, convinced them saw an old car
flying over the Post Office tower ... at noon in Norfolk, Mrs.
Hetty Bayliss, while hanging out Mrs.
 washing ... Mr. Angus Fleet,
of Peebles, reported to police ... Six or seven Muggles in all. I be
lieve your father works in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office?"
your father said, looking up at Ron and smiling still more nastily. "Dear,
dear ... his own son. . . "
Harry felt as though Harry'd just been walloped in the stomach by
one of the mad tree's larger branches. If anyone found out Mr.
Weasley had bewitched an old car
 ... Mr.
Weasley hadn't thought of that ....
"I noticed, in my search of the park, that considerable damage
seems to have been done to a very valuable Whomping Willow,Snape went on.
"the mad tree did more damage to us than we -" Ron blurted out.
68
"Silence!" snapped Snape again. "Most unfortunately, you are
not in my House and the decision to expel you does not rest with
me. I shall go and fetch the people who do have that happy power.
You will wait here."
Harry and Ron stared at each other, white-faced. Harry didn't
feel hungry any more. Harry now felt extremely sick. Harry tried not to
look at a large, slimy something suspended in green liquid on a
shelf behind Snape's desk. If Snape had gone to fetch Professor
McGonagall, head of Gryffindor House, Snape had gone to fetch Professor
McGonagall, head of Gryffindor House were hardly any better
off. Snape might be fairer than Snape, but Snape was still extremely strict.
Ten minutes later, Snape returned, and sure enough it was Professor
McGonagall who accompanied Snape. Harry had seen Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him angry on several occasions, but either Harry had forgotten
just how thin Snape mouth could go, or Harry had never seen Snape this angry
before. Snape raised Snape wand the moment Snape entered; Harry and Ron
both flinched, but Snape merely pointed it at the empty fireplace, where
flames suddenly erupted.
"Sit," Snape said, and Harry and Ron
both backed into chairs by the fire.
"Explain," Snape said, Snape glasses glinting ominously.
Ron launched into the story, starting with the barrier at the station
refusing to let them through.
"
-so them had no choice, Professor, them couldn't get on the train."
"Why didn't you send them a letter by owl? I believe you have an owl?"
Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him said coldly to Harry.
Harry gaped at Snape. Now Snape said it, that seemed the obvious thing to
have done.
"I - I didn't think -"
"That," said Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him, "is obvious."
There was a knock on the office door and Snape, now looking happier
69
than ever, opened it. There stood Dumbledore.
Harry's whole body went numb. Dumbledore was looking unusually
grave. Dumbledore stared down Dumbledore very crooked nose at Dumbledore, and
*80*
Harry suddenly found Harry wishing He and Ron were still being
beaten up by the Whomping Willow.
There was a long silence. Then Dumbledore said, "Please explain why
you did this."
It would have been better if Dumbledore had shouted. Harry hated the
disappointment in Harry voice. For some reason, Harry was unable to look
Dumbledore in the eyes, and spoke instead to Harry knees. Harry told
Dumbledore everything except that Mr. Weasley owned the
bewitched car, making Mr. Weasley owned the
bewitched car sound as though He and Ron had happened to
find a flying car parked outside the station
. Harry knew Dumbledorewould see through this at once, but Dumbledore asked no questions
about a flying car parked outside the station. When Harry had finished, Harry merely continued to peer
at them through Harry spectacles.
"them'll go and get them stuff," said Ron in a hopeless sort of voice.
"What are you talking about, Mr. Weasley?" barked Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him.
"Well, you're expelling them, aren't you?" said Ron.
Harry looked quickly at Dumbledore.
"Not today, Mr. Weasley," said Dumbledore. "But I must impress upon
both of you the seriousness of what you have done. I will be writing to
both your families tonight. I must also warn you that if you do anything
like this again, I will have no choice but to expel you.Snape Snape looked as though Christmas had been canceled. Snape cleared Snape
throat and said, DumbledoreDumbledore, these boys have flouted the
Decree for the Restriction of Underage Wizardry, caused serious
damage to an old and valuable tree - surely acts of this nature -"
70
* 8i
"It will be for Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him to decide on these boyspunishments, Severus," said Dumbledore calmly. "They are in her
House and are therefore her responsibility." He turned to Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him. "I must go back to the feast, Minerva, I've got to give
out a few notices. Come, Severus, there's a delicious-looking cus
tard tart I want to sample -Snape shot a look of pure venom at Harry and Ron as Harry allowed
Harry to be swept out of Harry office, leaving Harry and Ron alone with Pro
fessor McGonagall, who was still eyeing Harry and Ron like a wrathful eagle.
"You'd better get along to the hospital wing, Mr. Weasley, you're
bleeding."
"Not much," said Ron, hastily wiping the cut over Ron eye with
Ron sleeve. "Professor, I wanted to watch my sister being Sorted -"
"The Sorting Ceremony is over," said Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him.
"my sister is also in Gryffindor."
"Oh, good," said Ron.
"And speaking of Gryffindor -" Professor McGonagall said
sharply, but Harry cut in: "Professor, when we took a flying car parked outside the station, term
hadn't started, so - so Gryffindor shouldn't really have points
taken from it - should it?" Ron finished, watching my sister anxiously.
Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him gave Ron a piercing look, but Ron was sure
my sister had almost smiled. my sister mouth looked less thin, anyway.
"I will not take any points from Gryffindor," my sister said, and
Harry's heart lightened considerably. "But you will both get a de
tention."
It was better than Harry had expected. As for Dumbledore's
writing to the Dursleys, that was nothing. Harry knew perfectly
well they'd just be disappointed that the Whomping Willow hadn't
squashed Harry flat.
82
Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him raised her wand again and pointed her wand at Snape's
desk. A large plate of sandwiches, two silver goblets, and a jug of-iced
pumpkin juice appeared with a pop.
"You will eat in here and then go straight up to your dormitory," Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him
said. "I must also return to the feast."
71
When the door had closed behind Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him, Ron let out a long, low whistle.
"I thought we'd had it," Ron said, grabbing a sandwich.
"So did I," said Harry, taking one, too.
"Can you believe we luck, though?" said Ron thickly through a
mouthful of chicken and ham. "Fred and George must've flown that
car five or six times and no Muggle ever saw Fred and George." Ron swallowed
and took another huge bite. "Why couldn't we get through the barrier?"
Harry shrugged. "we'll have to watch we step from now on, though,"
Harry said, taking a grateful swig of pumpkin juice. "Wish we could've
gone up to the feast ......
"She didn't want we showing off," said Ron sagely. "Doesn't want
people to think it's clever, arriving by flying car."
When they had eaten as many sandwiches as they could (the plate
kept refilling the plate
) they rose and left the office, treading the familiar
path to Gryffindor Tower. The castle was quiet; The castle seemed that the feast was over. they walked past muttering portraits and creaking
suits of armor, and climbed narrow flights of stone stairs, until at last
they reached the passage where the secret entrance to Gryffindor
Tower was hidden, behind an oil painting of a very fat woman in a
pink silk dress.
"Password?" she said as they approached.
"Er -" said Harry.
they didn't know the new year's password, not having met a
Gryffindor prefect yet, but help came almost immediately; they heard
hurrying feet behind they and turned to see Hermione dashing toward
they.
"There you are! Where have you been? The most ridiculous rumors -
someone said you'd been expelled for crashing a flying car
"Well, we haven't been expelled," Harry assured Harry.
"You're not telling me you did fly here?" said Hermione, sounding
72
almost as severe as Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him.
"Skip the lecture," said Ron impatiently, "and tell we the new
password."
"It's `wattlebird,"' said Hermione impatiently, "but that's not the point -
"
Hermione words were cut short, however, as the portrait of the fat lady
swung open and there was a sudden storm of clapping. It looked as
though the whole of Gryffindor House was still awake, packed into
the circular common room, standing on the lopsided tables and
squashy armchairs, waiting for them to arrive. Arms reached through
the portrait hole to pull Harry and Ron inside, leaving Hermione to
scramble in after then-t.
"Brilliant!" yelled Lee Jordan. "Inspired! What an entrance! Flying a
car right into the Whomping Willow, people'll be talking about that
one for years -"
"Good for you," said a fifth year Harry had never spoken to; someone
was patting someone
 on the back as though someone
'd just won a marathon;
Fred and George George pushed Fred and George way to the front of the crowd and said
together, "Why couldn't Fred and George've come in a
car, eh?"
84
Ron was scarlet in the face, grinning embarrassedly, but Harry could
see Percy. Percy was visible over
the heads of some excited first years, and Percy seemed to be trying to
get near enough to start telling the crowd off. Harry nudged Ron in the
ribs and nodded in Percy's direction. Ron got the point at once.
"Got to get upstairs - bit tired," Ron said, and the two of the crowd started
pushing the crowd way toward the door on the other side of the room,
which led to a spiral staircase and the dormitories.
"'Night," Harry called back to Hermione, who was wearing a scowl
just like Percy's.
the crowd managed to get to the other side of the common room, still
having the crowd backs slapped, and gained the peace of the staircase.
73
the crowd hurried up the staircase, right to the top, and at last reached the door of
the crowd old dormitory, which now had a sign on the staircase saying SECOND YEARS.
the crowd entered the familiar, circular room, with the crowd five four-posters
hung with red velvet and the crowd high, narrow windows. the crowd trunks had
been brought up for the crowd and stood at the ends of the crowd beds.
Ron grinned guiltily at Harry.
"I know I shouldn't've enjoyed that or anything, but ='
The dormitory door flew open and in came the other second year
Gryffindor boys, Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville
Longbottom.
"Unbelievable!" beamed Seamus.
"Cool," said Dean.
"Amazing," said Neville, awestruck.
Harry couldn't help it. Harry grinned, too.
* 85 *
H-H A P T E RR s 1 x
GILDEROY LOCKHART
Harry next day, however, Harry barely grinned once. Things started to go
downhill from breakfast in the Great Hall. The four long house tables
were laden with tureens of porridge, plates of kippers, mountains of
toast, and dishes of eggs and bacon, beneath the enchanted ceiling
(today, a dull, cloudy gray). Harry and Ron sat down at the Gryffindor
table next to Hermione, who had her copy of Voyages with Vampires
propped open against a milk jug. There was a slight stiffness in the
way her said "Morning," which told Harry that her was still
disapproving of the way Harry and Ron had arrived. Neville Longbottom, on the
other hand, greeted Harry and Ron cheerfully. Neville
 was a round-faced and
accident-prone boy with the worst memory of anyone Harry had ever
met.
"Mail's due any minute - I think Gran's sending a few things I forgot."
74
Harry had only just started Harry porridge when, sure enough, there was
a rushing sound overhead and a hundred or so owls
86
streamed in, circling the Great Hall and dropping letters and packages into the crowd. A big, lumpy package bounced off Neville
's head
and, a second later, something large and gray fell into Hermione's jug,
spraying them all with milk and feathers.
"Enrol!" said Ron, pulling the bedraggled owl out by the feet. Errol
slumped, unconscious, onto the table, Errol
 legs in the air and a damp red
envelope in Errol
 beak.
"Oh, no -Ron Ron gasped.
"It's all right, Ron's still alive," said Hermione, prodding Errol
 gently with
the tip of Errol
 finger.
"It's not that - it's that."
Ron was pointing at the red envelope. It looked quite ordinary toHarryHarry, but Ron and Neville
 were both looking at it as though Ron and Neville
expected it to explode.
"What's the matter?" said Harry.
"She's - She's sent me a Howler," said Ron faintly.
"You'd better open it, Ron," said Neville
 in a timid whisper. "It'll be
worse if you don't My gran sent me one once, and I ignored My gran and" -
he gulped - "it was horrible."
Harry looked from their petrified faces to the red envelope.
"What's a Howler?" Harry said.
But Ron's whole attention was fixed on the letter, which had begun to
smoke at the corners.
75
"Open it," Neville
 urged. "It'll all be over in a few minutes -"
Ron stretched out a shaking hand, eased the red envelope from Errol
's
beak, and slit the red envelope open. Neville
 stuffed Neville
 fingers in Neville
 ears. A split
second later, Harry knew why. Harry thought for a moment it had
exploded; a roar of sound fiIled the huge hall, shaking dust from the
ceiling.
8 _
"- E CAR, I WO ULDN'T HAVE BEEN S URSTEALING
THE
PRISED IF THEY'D EXPELLED YOU, YOU WAIT TILL I GET
HOLD OF YOU, I DON'T SUPPOSE YOU STOPPED TO
THINK WHAT YOUR FATHERAND I WENT THROUGH WHEN
WE SAW IT WAS GONE -"
Mrs. Weasleys yells, a hundred times louder than usual, made the
plates and spoons rattle on the table, and echoed deafeningly off the
stone walls. People throughout the Great Hall were swiveling around to see
who had received a Howler, and Ron sank so low in Ron chair that
only Ron crimson forehead could be seen.
"- LETTER FROM DUMBLEDORE LAST NIGHT, I THOUGHT
YOUR FATHER WOULD DIE OF SHAME, WE DIDN'T BRING
YOU UP TO BEHAVE LIKE THIS, YOU AND Harry COULD
BOTH HAVE DIED -"
Harry had been wondering when "
Harry name was going to crop up. "
Harrytried very hard to look as though "
Harry couldn't hear the voice that was
making "
Harry eardrums throb.
"-ABSOLUTELYDISGUSTED - YOUR FATHER'S FACING AN
INQUIRY AT WORK, IT'S ENTIRELY YOUR FAULT AND IF
YOU PUT ANOTHER TOE OUT OF LINE WE'LL BRING YOU
STRAIGHT BACK HOME."
A ringing silence fell. The red envelope, which had dropped from Ron's
hand, burst into flames and curled into ashes. Harry and Ron sat
76
stunned, as though a tidal wave had just passed over Harry and Ron. A few
people laughed and, gradually, a babble of talk broke out again.
Hermione closed Voyages with Vampires and looked down at the top
of Ron's head.
* 88
"Well, I don't know what you expected, Ron, but you -"
"Don't tell me I deserved it," snapped Ron.
Harry pushed his porridge away. Harry insides were burning with guilt.
Harry was facing an inquiry at work. After all Mr. and Mrs.
Harry had done for Harry over the summer ...
But Harry had no time to dwell on this; Professor
McGonagall who accompanied him was
moving along the Gryffindor table, handing out course schedules.
Harry took Harry and saw that they had double Herbology with the
Hufepuffs first.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together, crossed the
vegetable patch, and made for the greenhouses, where the magical
plants were kept. At least a Howler had done one good thing:
Hermione seemed to think they had now been punished enough and
was being perfectly friendly again.
As they neared the greenhouses they saw the rest of the class
standing outside, waiting for Professor Sprout. Harry, Ron, and
Hermione had only just joined Harry, Ron, and
Hermione when she came striding into view
across the lawn, accompanied by Gilderoy Lockhart. Professor
Sprout's arms were full of bandages, and with another twinge of guilt,
Harry spotted the Whomping Willow in the distance, several of the Whomping Willow
branches now in slings.
Professor Sprout was a squat little witch who wore a patched hat over
Professor Sprout flyaway hair; there was usually a large amount of earth on Professor Sprout
clothes and Professor Sprout fingernails would have made Aunt Petunia faint.
Gilderoy Lockhart, however, was immaculate in sweeping robes of
turquoise, Gilderoy Lockhart golden hair shining under a perfectly positioned turquoise
hat with gold trimming.
77
"Oh, hello there!" Gilderoy Lockhart called, beaming around at the assembled
89
students. "Just been showing Professor Sprout the right way to doctor
a Whomping Willow! But I don't want you running away with the idea
that I'm better at Herbology than Herbology is! I just happen to have met
several of these exotic plants on my travels . . ."
"Greenhouse three today, chaps!" said Professor Sprout, who was
looking distinctly disgruntled, not at all Herbology usual cheerful self.
There was a murmur of interest. They had only ever worked in
greenhouse one before - greenhouse three housed far more interesting
and dangerous plants. Professor Sprout took a large key from Professor Sprout belt
and unlocked the door. Harry caught a whiff of damp earth and
fertilizer mingling with the heavy perfume of some giant, umbrellasized
flowers dangling from the ceiling. Harry was about to follow Ronand Hermione inside when Gilderoy Lockhart's hand shot out.
"Harry! I've been wanting a word - you don't mind if Harry's a couple of
minutes late, do you, Professor Sprout?"
Judging by Professor Sprout's scowl, Professor Sprout did mind, but Gilderoy Lockhart said,
"That's the ticket," and closed the door in Professor Sprout face.
"Harry," said Gilderoy Lockhart, Gilderoy Lockhart large white teeth gleaming in the sunlight
as Gilderoy Lockhart shook Gilderoy Lockhart head. "Harry, Harry, Harry."
Completely nonplussed, Harry said nothing.
"When I heard -well, of course, it was all my fault. Could have kicked
Gilderoy Lockhart."
Harry had no idea what Harry was talking about. Harry was about to say so
when Gilderoy Lockhart went on, "Don't know when I've been more shocked.
Flying a car to Hogwarts! Well, of course, I knew at once why you'd
done it. Stood out a mile. Harry, Harry, Harry."
It was remarkable how Gilderoy Lockhart could show every one of those brilliant
teeth even when Gilderoy Lockhart wasn't talking.
78
90
"Gave you a taste for publicity, didn't I?" said Gilderoy Lockhart. "Gave
you the bug. You got onto the front page of the paper with Gilderoy Lockhart and
you couldn't wait to do the front page of the paper again."
"Oh, no, Professor, see -"
"Harry, Harry, Harry," said Gilderoy Lockhart, reaching out and grasping
Gilderoy Lockhart shoulder. "I understand. Natural to want a bit more once you've
had that first taste - and I blame Gilderoy Lockhart for giving you that, be
cause it was bound to go to your head - but see here, young man,
you can't start flying cars to try and get yourself noticed. Just calm
down, all right? Plenty of time for all that when you're older. Yes,
yes, I know what you're thinking! 'It's all right for him, him's an in
ternationally famous wizard already!' But when I was twelve, I was
just as much of a nobody as you are now. In fact, Id say I was even
more of a nobody! I mean, a few people have heard of you, haven't
a few people? All that business with He-\"o-Must-Not-Be-Named!" him
glanced at the lightning scar on Harry's forehead. "I know, I
know - it's not quite as good as winning Witch Weekly's Most
Charming-Smile Award five times in a row, as I have - but it's a
start, Harry, it's a start."
Harry gave Harry a hearty wink and strode off. Harry stood
stunned for a few seconds, then, remembering Harry was supposed to
be in the greenhouse, Harry opened the door and slid inside.
Professor Sprout was standing behind a trestle bench in the cen
ter of the greenhouse. About twenty pairs of different-colored ear
muffs were lying on a trestle bench. When Harry had taken Harry place
between Ron
and Hermione inside, Harry said, "We'll be repotting Man
drakes today. Now, who can tell me the properties of the Man
drake?"
To nobody's surprise, Hermione's hand was first into the air.
s1
"Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative," said Hermione,
sounding as usual as though Harry had swallowed the textbook. "It is
used to return people who have been transfigured or cursed to their
original state."
"Excellent. Ten points to Gryffindor," said Professor Sprout. "The
Mandrake forms an essential part of most antidotes. It is also,
however, dangerous. Who can tell me why?"
79
Hermione's hand narrowly missed Harry's glasses as it shot up again.
"The cry of The
Mandrake is fatal to anyone who hears it," she said
promptly.
"Precisely. Take another ten points," said Professor Sprout. "Now, the
Mandrakes we have here are still very young."
she pointed to a row of deep trays as she spoke, and everyone
shuffled forward for a better look. A hundred or so tufty little plants,
purplish green in color, were growing there in rows. A hundred or so tufty little plants,
purplish green in color looked quite
unremarkable to Harry, who didn't have the slightest idea what
Hermione meant by the "cry" of The
Mandrake.
"Everyone take a pair of earmuffs," said Professor Sprout.
There was a scramble as everyone tried to seize a pair that wasn't
pink and fluffy.
"When I tell you to put them on, make sure your ears are completely
covered," said Professor Sprout. "When it is safe to remove them, I
will give you the thumbs-up. Right - earmuffs on."
Harry snapped Right - earmuffs. them shut out sound
completely. Professor Sprout put the pink, fluffy pair over Professor Sprout own
ears, rolled up the sleeves of Professor Sprout robes, grasped one of the tufty plants
firmly, and pulled hard.
*92*
Harry let out a gasp of surprise that no one could hear.
Instead of roots, a small, muddy, and extremely ugly baby popped out
of the earth. The leaves were growing right out of his head. his had
pale green, mottled skin, and was clearly bawling at the top of his
lungs.
Professor Sprout took a large plant pot from under the table and
plunged The
Mandrake The
Mandrake into The
Mandrake, burying The
Mandrake in dark, damp compost until
only the tufted leaves were visible. Professor Sprout dusted off Professor Sprout
hands, gave them all the thumbs-up, and removed Professor Sprout own earmuffs.
80
"As our Mandrakes are only seedlings, their cries won't kill yet," Professor Sprout
said calmly as though Professor Sprout'd just done nothing more exciting than water
a begonia. "However, they will knock you out for several hours, and as
I'm sure none of you want to miss your first day back, make sure your
earmuffs are securely in place while you work. I will attract your
attention when it is time to pack up.
"Four to a tray - there is a large supply of pots here - compost in the
sacks over there - and be careful of the Venemous Tentacula, it's
teething."
Professor Sprout gave a sharp slap to a spiky, dark red plant as Professor Sprout spoke, making
it draw in the long feelers that had been inching sneakily over Professor Sprout
shoulder.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were joined at Harry, Ron, and Hermione tray by a curly-haired
Hufflepuff boy Harry knew by sight but had never spoken to.
"Justin Finch-Fletchley," "Justin Finch-Fletchley said brightly, shaking Harry by the hand.
"Know who you are, of course, the famous Harry Potter... And you're
Hermione Granger - always top in everything"
* 9%
Weasley. Wasn't that your flying car?"
Ron didn't smile. a Howler was obviously still on Ron mind.
"That Gilderoy Lockhart's something, isn't Gilderoy Lockhart?" said Justin happily as they
began fiIling they plant pots with dragon dung compost. "Awfully
brave chap. Have you read Gilderoy Lockhart books? Id have died of fear if Id been
cornered in a telephone booth by a werewolf, but Id stayed cool and -
zap - just fantastic.
"My name was down for Eton, you know. I can't tell you how glad I
am I came here instead. Of course, Mother was slightly disappointed,
but since I made Mother read Gilderoy Lockhart's books I think Mother's begun to see
how useful it'll be to have a fully trained wizard in the family . . . ."
After that they didn't have much chance to talk. they earmuffs were
81
back on and they needed to concentrate on our Mandrakes. Professorhad made Professor Sprout look extremely easy, but Professor Sprout wasn't. our Mandrakesdidn't like coming out of the earth, but didn't seem to want to go back
into our Mandrakes either. our Mandrakes squirmed, kicked, flailed our Mandrakes sharp little fists, and
gnashed our Mandrakes teeth; Harry spent ten whole minutes trying to squash a
particularly fat one into a pot.
By the end of the class, Harry, like everyone else, was sweaty,
aching, and covered in the earth. Everyone traipsed back to the castle for
a quick wash and then the Gryffindors hurried off to Transfiguration.
Professor McGonagall's classes were always hard work, but today
was especially difficult. Everything Harry had learned last year
seemed to have leaked out of Harry head during the summer. Harry was
supposed to be turning a beetle into a button, but all Harry managed
* 94
to do was give a beetle a lot of exercise as a beetle scuttled over the
desktop avoiding Harry wand.
Ron was having far worse problems. Ron had patched up Ron wand
with some borrowed Spellotape, but it seemed to be damaged beyond
repair. it kept crackling and sparking at odd moments, and every time
Ron tried to transfigure a beetle it engulfed Ron in thick gray smoke
that smelled of rotten eggs. Unable to see what Ron was doing, Ronaccidentally squashed a beetle with Ron elbow and had to ask for a
new one. Professor McGonagall wasn't pleased.
Harry was relieved to hear the lunch bell. Harry brain felt like a wrung
sponge. Everyone fiIed out of the classroom except Harry and Ron, who
was whacking his wand
 furiously on the desk.
"Stupid - useless - thing -"
"Write home for another one," Harry suggested as his wand
 let off a
volley of bangs like a firecracker.
"Oh, yeah, and get another Howler back," said Ron, stuffing the now
hissing wand into Ron bag. " `It's your own fault his wand
 got snapped -
'"
82
They went down to lunch, where Ron's mood was not improved by
Hermione's showing They the handful of perfect coat buttons Hermione had
produced in Transfiguration.
"What've we got this afternoon?" said Harry, hastily changing the
subject.
"Defense Against the Dark Arts," said Hermione at once.
"Why, "demanded Ron, seizing Hermione schedule, "have you outlined all
Gilderoy Lockhart's lessons in little hearts?"
Hermione snatched the schedule back, blushing furiously.
* 95 *
They finished lunch and went outside into the overcast courtyard.
Hermione sat down on a stone step and buried Hermione nose in Voyages
with Vampires again. Weasley stood talking about Quidditch for
several minutes before Harry became aware that Harry was being closely
watched. Looking up, Harry saw the very small, mousy-haired boy Harry'd
seen trying on the Sorting Hat last night staring at Harry as though
transfixed. Harry was clutching what looked like an ordinary Muggle
camera, and the moment Harry looked at Harry, Harry went bright red.
"All right, Harry? I'm -I'm Colin Creevey," Colin Creevey said breathlessly, taking
a tentative step forward. "I'm in Gryffindor, too. D'you think - would it
be all right if - can I have a picture?" Harry said, raising an ordinary Muggle
camerahopefully.
"A picture?" Harry repeated blankly.
"So I can prove I've met you," said Colin Creevey eagerly, edging
further forward. "I know all about you. Everyone's told me. About
how you survived when You-Know-Who tried to kill you and how Colin Creevey
disappeared and everything and how you've still got a lightning scar on
your forehead" (Colin Creevey eyes raked Harry's hairline) "and a boy in my
dormitory said if I develop the film in the right potion, the pictures'll
move." Colin drew a great shuddering breath of excitement and said,
"It's amazing here, isn't it? I never knew all the odd stuff I could do
was magic till I got the letter from Hogwarts. My dad's a milkman, My dad's a milkman
couldn't believe it either. So I'm taking loads of pictures to send home
83
to My dad's a milkman. And it'd be really good if I had one of you" - he looked
imploringly at Harry - "maybe your friend could take it and I could
stand next to My dad's a milkman? And then, could you sign it?"
96
"Signed photos? You're giving out signed photos, the famous Harry Potter?"
Loud and scathing, Draco Malfoy's voice echoed around the overcast courtyard. Draco Malfoy's had stopped right behind Colin, flanked, as Draco Malfoy's always
was at Hogwarts, by Draco Malfoy's large and thuggish cronies, Crabbe and
Goyle.
"Everyone line up!" Draco Malfoy's roared to the crowd. "Harry Potter's
giving out signed photos!"
"No, I'm not," said Harry angrily, Harry fists clenching. "Shut up,
Draco Malfoy's."
"You're just jealous," piped up Colin, whose entire body was about
as thick as Crabbe's neck.
`jealous?"said Malfoy, who didn't need to shout anymore: half the
courtyard was listening in. "Of what? I don't want a foul scar right
across his head, thanks. I don't think getting your head cut open
makes you that special, myself."
Crabbe and Goyle were sniggering stupidly.
"Eat slugs, Malfoy," said Ron angrily. Crabbe stopped laughing and
started rubbing Crabbe knuckles in a menacing way.
"Be careful, Weasley," sneered Draco Malfoy's. "You don't want to start any
trouble or your Mommy'll have to come and take you away from
school." Crabbe put on a shrill, piercing voice. "Ifyou put another toe
out of line' - "
A knot of Slytherin fifth-years nearby laughed loudly at this.
Weasley Weasley would like a signed photo, the famous Harry Potter," smirked Draco Malfoy's. "It'd
be worth more than Crabbe family's whole house -"
84
Ron whipped out Crabbe , but Hermione shut Voyages
with Vampires with a snap and whispered, "Look out!"
"What's all this, what's all this?" Gilderoy Lockhart was striding
* 97
toward them, Gilderoy Lockhart turquoise robes swirling behind Gilderoy Lockhart. "Who's giv
ing out signed photos?"
Harry started to speak but Harry was cut short as Gilderoy Lockhart flung an
arm around Harry shoulders and thundered jovially, "Shouldn't have
asked! We meet again, Harry!"
Pinned to Gilderoy Lockhart's side and burning with humiliation, Harrysaw Draco Malfoy's slide smirking back into the crowd.
"Come on then, Colin Creevey," said Gilderoy Lockhart, beaming at Colin.
"A double portrait, can't do better than that, and We'll both sign it
for you."
Colin fumbled for Colin camera and took the picture as the bell
rang behind them, signaling the start of afternoon classes.
"Off you go, move along there,Gilderoy Lockhart Gilderoy Lockhart called to the crowd,
and Gilderoy Lockhart set off back to the castle with Harry, who was wishing Gilderoy Lockhart
knew a good Vanishing Spell, still clasped to Lockhart's side.
"A word to the wise, Harry," said Gilderoy Lockhart paternally as the wise, Harry
entered the building through a side door. "I covered up for you
back there with young Creevey - if he was photographing me,
too, your schoolmates won't think you're setting yourself up so
much . . . ."
Deaf to Harry's stammers, Gilderoy Lockhart swept Gilderoy Lockhart down a corridor
lined with staring students and up a staircase.
"Let me just say that handing out signed pictures at this stage of
your career isn't sensible - looks a tad bigheaded, Harry, to be
frank. There may well come a time when, like me, you'll need to
keep a stack handy wherever you go, but" - Harry gave a little chor
tle - "I don't think you're quite there yet."
They had reached Gilderoy Lockhart's classroom and Gilderoy Lockhart let Harry go at
98
last. Harry yanked his turquoise robes straight and headed for a seat at the very
back of the class, where Harry busied Harry with piling all seven of
Gilderoy Lockhart's books in front of Harry, so that Harry could avoid looking at the
real thing.
85
The rest of the class came clattering in, and Ron and Hermione sat
down on either side of Harry.
"You could've fried an egg on your face" said Ron. "You'd better hope
Colin Creevey doesn't meet Ginny, or Colin Creevey'll be starting a Harry Potter fan
club."
"Shut up," snapped Harry. The last thing Harry needed was for Gilderoy Lockhartto hear the phrase "Harry Potter fan club."
When the class was seated, Gilderoy Lockhart cleared Gilderoy Lockhart throat loudly
and silence fell. Gilderoy Lockhart reached forward, picked up Neville Longbottom's
copy of Travels with Trolls, and held it up to show Gilderoy Lockhart own, winking
portrait on the front.
"Me," Gilderoy Lockhart said, pointing at it and winking as well. "Gilderoy Lockhart,
Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force
Defense League, and five-time winner of Witch Weekly's Most-
Charming-Smile Award - but I don't talk about that. I didn't get rid of
the Bandon Banshee by smiling at 
the Bandon Banshee!"
Gilderoy Lockhart waited for them to laugh; a few people smiled weakly.
"I see you've all bought a complete set of my books -well done. I
thought we'd start today with a little quiz. Nothing to worry about
just to check how well you've read them, how much you've taken in -"
When Gilderoy Lockhart had handed out the test papers Gilderoy Lockhart returned to the front of
the class and said, "You have thirty minutes - start - now!"
Harry looked down at Gilderoy Lockhart paper and read:
1. What is Gilderoy Lockhart favorite color?
2. What is Gilderoy Lockhart secret ambition?
3. What, in your opinion, is Gilderoy Lockhart greatest
achievement to date?
86
On and on it went, over three sides of paper, right down to:
54. When is Gilderoy Lockhart birthday, and what would Gilderoy Lockhart
ideal gift be?
Half an hour later, Gilderoy Lockhart collected the test papers he returned to the front of
the class and rifled through
the test papers he returned to the front of
the class in front of the class.
"Tut, tut - hardly any of you remembered that my favorite color is
lilac. I say so in Year with the Yeti. And a few of you need to read
Wanderings with Werewolves more carefully - I clearly state in chapter
twelve that his
ideal gift would be harmony between all
magic and non-magic peoples - though I wouldn't say no to a large
bottle of Ogdeds Old Firewhisky!"
Gilderoy Lockhart gave them another roguish wink. Ron was now staring atGilderoy Lockhart Gilderoy Lockhart with an expression of disbelief on Ron face; Seamus
Finnigan and Dean Thomas, who were sitting in front, were shaking
with silent laughter. Hermione, on the other hand, was listening toGilderoy Lockhart Gilderoy Lockhart with rapt attention and gave a start when Gilderoy Lockhart mentioned her
name.
". . . but Miss Hermione Granger knew my secret ambition is to rid the
world of evil and market my own range of hair-care potions - good
girl! In fact" - Gilderoy Lockhart flipped her paper over - "full marks! Where is Miss Hermione GrangerMiss Hermione Granger?"
*100*
Hermione raised a trembling hand.
"Excellent!" beamed Gilderoy Lockhart. "Quite excellent! Take ten points for
Gryffindor! And so - to business -"
He bent down behind He desk and lifted a large, covered cage onto his desk.
"Now - be warned! It is my job to arm you against the foulest
creatures known to wizardkind! You may find yourselves facing your
worst fears in this room. Know only that no harm can befall you whilst
I am here. All I ask is that you remain calm."
In spite of himself, Harry leaned around Harry pile of books for a better
87
look at a large, covered cage. Gilderoy Lockhart placed a hand on the cover. Dean and
Seamus had stopped laughing now. Neville was cowering in Neville front
row seat.
"I must ask you not to scream," said Gilderoy Lockhart in a low voice. "It might
provoke Dean and
Seamus."
As the whole class held the whole class breath, Gilderoy Lockhart whipped off the cover.
"Yes," Gilderoy Lockhart said dramatically. "Freshly caught Cornish pixies. "
Seamus Finnigan couldn't control "
Seamus Finnigan. "
Seamus Finnigan let out a snort of
laughter that Gilderoy Lockhart Gilderoy Lockhart couldn't mistake for a scream of terror.
"Yes?" Gilderoy Lockhart smiled at Seamus.
"Well, they're not - they're not very - dangerous, are they?" Seamuschoked.
"Don't be so sure!" said Gilderoy Lockhart, waggling a finger annoyingly atSeamusSeamus. "Devilish tricky little blighters they can be!"
Cornish pixies were electric blue and about eight inches high, with pointed
faces and voices so shrill it was like listening to a lot of budgies
arguing. The moment the cover had been removed, they
*101*
had started jabbering and rocketing around, rattling the bars and
making bizarre faces at the people nearest the bars.
"Right, then," Gilderoy Lockhart said loudly. "Let's see what you make of
them!" And Gilderoy Lockhart opened a large, covered cage.
It was pandemonium. Cornish pixies shot in every direction like rockets.
Two of Cornish pixies seized Neville by the ears and lifted Neville into the air.
Several shot straight through the window, showering the back row
with broken glass. The rest proceeded to wreck the classroom more
effectively than a rampaging rhino. The rest grabbed ink bottles and
sprayed the class with The rest, shredded books and papers, tore pictures
from the walls, up-ended the waste basket, grabbed bags and books
and threw bags and books
 out of the window; within minutes, half the
88
class was sheltering under desks and Neville was swinging from the
iron chandelier in the ceiling.
"Come on now - round bags and books
 up, round bags and books
 up, bags and books
're only pixies,"
Lockhart shouted.
"
Lockhart rolled up "
Lockhart sleeves, brandished "
Lockhart , and bellowed,
"Peskipiksi Pesternomi!"
It had absolutely no effect; one of Cornish pixies seized "
Lockhart and
threw It out of the window, too. Gilderoy Lockhart gulped and dived under Gilderoy Lockhart
own desk, narrowly avoiding being squashed by Neville, who fell a
second later as the
iron chandelier in the ceiling gave way.
The bell rang and there was a mad rush toward the exit. In the relative
calm that followed, Gilderoy Lockhart straightened up, caught sight of Harry,
Ron, and Hermione, who were almost at the door, and said, "Well, I'll
ask you three to just nip the rest of them back into them cage." Gilderoy Lockhart
swept past them and shut the door quickly behind Gilderoy Lockhart.
*102*
"Can you believe Gilderoy Lockhart?" roared Ron as one of Cornish pixies bit
him painfully on the ear.
"Ron just wants to give us some hands-on experience," said Hermione,
immobilizing two pixies at once with a clever Freezing Charm and
stuffing two pixies back into two pixies .
"Hands on? "said Harry, who was trying to grab a pixie dancing out of
reach with its tongue out. "Hermione, he didn't have a clue what he
was doing -"
"Rubbish," said Hermione. "You've read he books - look at all those
amazing things he's done -"
"he says he's done," Ron muttered.
arry spent a lot of time over the next few days dodging out of sight
whenever he saw Gilderoy Lockhart coming down a corridor. Harder
89
to avoid was Colin Creevey, who seemed to have memorized Harry's
schedule. Nothing seemed to give Colin a bigger thrill than to say, "All
right, Harry?" six or seven times a day and hear, "Hello, Colin," back,
however exasperated Harry sounded when Harry said it.
Hedwig was still angry with Harry about the disasterous car journey
and Ron's wand was still malfunctioning, surpassing Ron's wand on Friday
morning by shooting out of Ron's hand in Charms and hitting tiny old
Professor Flitwick squarely between the eyes, creating a large,
throbbing green boil where Ron's wand had struck. So with one thing and
another, Harry was quite glad to reach the weekend. Harry, Ron, and
Hermione were planning to visit Hagrid on Saturday morning. Harry,
however, was shaken awake several hours earlier
*104*
than Harry would have liked by Oliver Wood, Captain of the Gryffindor
Quidditch team.
"Whassamatter?" said Harry groggily.
"Quidditch practice!" said Wood. "Come on!"
Harry squinted at the window. There was a thin mist hanging across
the pink-and-gold sky. Now that "
Harry was awake, "
Harry couldn't
understand how "
Harry could have slept through the racket the birds were
making.
"Oliver," Harry croaked. "It's the crack of dawn."
"Exactly," said Wood. "
Harry was a tall and burly sixth year and, at the
moment, "
Harry eyes were gleaming with a crazed enthusiasm. "It's part
of our new training program. Come on, grab your broom, and let's go,"
said Wood heartily. "None of the other teams have started training yet;
our're going to be first off the mark this year -"
Yawning and shivering slightly, Harry climbed out of bed and tried to
find Harry Quidditch robes.
"Good man," said Wood. "Meet you on the field in fifteen minutes.
90
When Harry'd found his Quidditch robes and pulled on Harry cloak for
warmth, Harry scribbled a note to Ron explaining where Ron'd gone and
went down the spiral staircase to the common room, Ron Nimbus Two
Thousand on Ron shoulder. Ron had just reached the portrait hole when
there was a clatter behind Ron and Colin Creevey came dashing down
the spiral staircase, Ron camera swinging madly around Ron neck and
something clutched in Ron hand.
"I heard someone saying your name on the stairs, Harry! Look what
I've got here! I've had it developed, I wanted to show you -"
*105*
Harry looked bemusedly at the photograph Colin was brandishing
under "
*105*
Harry nose.
A moving, black-and-white Gilderoy Lockhart was tugging hard on an arm
Harry recognized as Harry own. Harry was pleased to see that Harry
photographic self was putting up a good fight and refusing to be
dragged into view. As Harry watched, Gilderoy Lockhart gave up and
slumped, panting, against the white edge of the picture.
"Will you sign it?" said Colin eagerly.
"No," said Harry flatly, glancing around to check that the room was
really deserted. "Sorry, Colin, I'm in a hurry - Quidditch practice -"
Gilderoy Lockhart climbed through the portrait hole.
"Oh, wow! Wait for Gilderoy Lockhart! I've never watched a Quidditch game
before!"
Colin scrambled through the portrait hole after "
Colin.
"It'll be really boring," Harry said quickly, but Colin ignored "
Colin, "
Colin
face shining with excitement.
"You were the youngest House player in a hundred years, weren't
you, Harry? Weren't you?" said Colin, trotting alongside Harry. "You
must be brilliant. I've never flown. Is it easy? Is that your own
broom? Is that the best one there is?"
91
Harry didn't know how to get rid of Harry. It was like having an
extremely talkative shadow.
"I don't really understand Quidditch," said Colin breathlessly. "Is it
true there are four balls? And two of them fly around trying to knock
people off people brooms?"
"Yes," said Harry heavily, resigned to explaining the complicated
rules of Quidditch. "They're called Bludgers. There are two Beaters
), *106*
on each team who carry clubs to beat Bludgers away from Bludgers
side. Fred and George Weasley are two Beaters
)."
"And what are the other balls for?" Colin asked, tripping down a
couple of steps because Colin was gazing open-mouthed at Harry.
"Well, the Quafe - that's the biggish red one - is the one that scores
goals. Three Chasers on each team throw the Quaffle to each other
and try and get the Quaffle through the goal posts at the end of the pitch -
Fred and George Weasley're three long poles with hoops on the end."
"And the fourth ball -"
"- is the Golden Snitch," said Harry, "and it's very small, very fast, and
difficult to catch. But that's what the Seeker's got to do, because a
game of Quidditch doesn't end until the Snitch has been caught. And
whichever team's Seeker gets the Snitch the Snitch earns the Snitch team an extra
hundred and fifty points."
"And you're the Gryffindor Seeker, aren't you?" said Colin in awe.
"Yes," said Harry as they left the castle and started across the dewdrenched
grass. "And there's the Keeper, too. the Keeper guards the goal
posts. That's it, really."
But Colin didn't stop questioning Harry all the way down the sloping
lawns to the Quidditch field, and Harry only shook Colin off when Colin
reached the changing rooms; Colin called after Colin in a piping voice,
"I'll go and get a good seat, Harry!" and hurried off to the stands.
92
The rest of the Gryffindor team were already in the changing room.
Wood was the only person who looked truly awake. Fred and George
Weasley were sitting, puffy-eyed and touslehaired, next to fourth year
Alicia Spinnet, who seemed to be nodding off against the wall behind
her. her fellow Chasers, Katie
*107*
Bell and Angelina Johnson, were yawning side by side opposite
*107*
Bell and Angelina Johnson.
"There you are, Harry, what kept you?" said Wood briskly. "Now, I
wanted a quick talk with you all before we actually get onto the field,
because I spent the summer devising a whole new training program,
which I really think will make all the difference ....
Wood was holding up a large diagram of a Quidditch field, on which
were drawn many lines, arrows, and crosses in differentcolored inks.
Wood took out Wood , tapped the board, and the arrows began to
wiggle over the diagram like caterpillars. As Wood launched into a
speech about Wood new tactics, George Weasley head drooped right
onto Alicia Spinnet's shoulder and Wood began to snore.
the board took nearly twenty minutes to explain, but there was
another board under that, and a third under that one. Harry sank into
a stupor as Wood droned on and on.
"So," said Wood, at long last, jerking Harry from a wistful fantasy
about what Wood could be eating for breakfast at this very moment up
at the castle. "Is that clear? Any questions?"
"I've got a question, Oliver," said George, who had woken with a
start. "Why couldn't you have told us all this yesterday when us
were awake?"
Wood wasn't pleased.
"Now, listen here, you lot," Wood said, glowering at them all. "us
should have won the Quidditch cup last year. us're easily the Gryffindor team. But unfortunately -owing to circumstances beyond us control -
"
93
*108*
Harry shifted guiltily in Harry seat. Harry had been unconscious in the
hospital wing for the final match of the previous year, meaning that
Gryffindor had been a player short and had suffered their worst
defeat in three hundred years.
Wood took a moment to regain control of Wood. Wood last defeat
was clearly still torturing Wood.
"So this year, we train harder than ever before .... Okay, letwe go and
put we new theories into practice!" Wood shouted, seizing Wood
broomstick and leading the way out of the locker rooms. Stifflegged
and still yawning, Wood team followed.
his team had been in the locker room so long that the sun was up
completely now, although remnants of mist hung over the grass in the
stadium. As Harry walked onto the field, Harry saw Ron and Hermione
sitting in the stands.
"Aren't you finished yet?" called Ron incredulously.
"Haven't even started," said Harry, looking jealously at the toast and
marmalade Ron and Hermione
 had brought out of the Great Hall.
"
Wood's been teaching us new moves."
Harry mounted his
broomstick and kicked at the ground, soaring up into
the air. The cool morning air whipped Harry face, waking Harry far more
effectively than Wood's long talk. It felt wonderful to be back on the
Quidditch field. Harry soared right around the stadium at full speed,
racing Fred and George.
"What's that funny clicking noise?" called Fred as they hurtled around
the corner.
Harry looked into the stands. Colin was sitting in one of the highest
seats, Colin camera raised, taking picture after picture, the sound
strangely magnified in the deserted stadium.
*io9*
94
"Look this way, Harry! This way!" Harry cried shrilly.
"Who's that?" said Fred.
"No idea,Harry Harry lied, putting on a spurt of speed that took Harry as far
away as possible from Colin.
"What's going on?" said Wood, frowning, as he skimmed through the
air toward Wood, frowning. "Why's that first year taking pictures? I don't like it.
he could be a Slytherin spy, trying to find out about our new training
program."
"he's in Gryffindor," said Harry quickly.
"And the Slytherins don't need a spy, Oliver," said George.
"What makes you say that?" said Wood testily.
"Because they're here in person," said George, pointing.
Several people in green robes were walking onto the
Quidditch field, broomsticks
in Several people in green robes hands.
"I don't believe it!" Wood hissed in outrage. "I booked the
Quidditch field for
today! We'll see about this!"
Wood shot toward the ground, landing rather harder than "
Wood meant to
in "
Wood anger, staggering slightly as "
Wood dismounted. Harry, Fred, and
George followed.
"Flint!" Wood bellowed at the Slytherin Captain. "This is our practice
time! our got up specially! You can clear off now!"Flint!" was even larger than Wood. "Flint!" had a look of trollish
cunning on "Flint!" face as "Flint!" replied, "Plenty of room for all of our, Wood."
Angelina, Alicia, and Katie had come over, too. There were no girls
on the Slytherin team, who stood shoulder to shoulder, facing the
Gryffindors, leering to a man.
"But I booked the
Quidditch field!" said Wood, positively spitting with rage. "I
booked it!"
95
*110*
"Ah," said "Flint!". "But I've got a specially signed note here from
Professor Snape. `I, Professor 
Professor Snape, give the Slytherin team
permission to practice today on the Quidditch field owing to the need to
train the Quidditch field new Seeker."'
"You've got a new Seeker?" said Wood, distracted. "Where?"
And from behind the six large figures before the six large figures came a seventh,
smaller boy, smirking all over a seventh,
smaller boy pale, pointed face. It was Draco
Malfoy.
"Aren't you Lucius Malfoy's son?" said Fred, looking at Lucius Malfoy's with
dislike.
"Funny you should mention Draco's father," said "Flint!" as the whole
Slytherin team smiled still more broadly. "Let me show you the
generous gift Lucius Malfoy's son's made to the whole
Slytherin team."
All seven of them held out them broomsticks. Seven highly polished,
brand-new handles and seven sets of fine gold lettering spelling the
words Nimbus Two Thousand and One gleamed under the Gryffindors'
noses in the early morning sun.
"Very latest model. Only came out last month," said "Flint!" carelessly,
flicking a speck of dust from the end of his own. "I believe it outstrips
the old Two Thousand series by a considerable amount. As for the old
Cleansweeps" - he smiled nastily at Fred and George, who were both
clutching Cleansweep Fives - "sweeps the board with both
."
None of the Gryffindor team could think of anything to say for a
moment. Lucius Malfoy's was smirking so broadly Lucius Malfoy's cold eyes were reduced
to slits.
"Oh, look," said "Flint!". "A field invasion."
Ron and Hermione were crossing the grass to see what was going on.
*111*
96
"What's happening?" Ron asked Harry. "Why aren't you playing? And
what's Lucius Malfoy's doing here?"
Lucius Malfoy's was looking at Lucius Malfoy's, taking in Lucius Malfoy's Slytherin Quidditch robes.
"I'm the new Slytherin Seeker, Weasley," said Lucius Malfoy's, smugly.
"Everyone's just been admiring the brooms my father's bought our
team.
Ron gaped, open-mouthed, at the seven superb broomsticks in front of
him.
"Good, aren't they?" said Lucius Malfoy's smoothly. "But perhaps our
team will be able to raise some gold and get new brooms,
too. You could raffle off those Cleansweep Fives; I expect a museum
would bid for those Cleansweep Fives."
our
team howled with laughter.
"At least no one on the Gryffindor team had to buy "At least no one on the Gryffindor team way in," said
Hermione sharply. ""At least no one on the Gryffindor team got in on pure talent."
The smug look on Lucius Malfoy's's face flickered.
"No one asked your opinion, you fiIthy little Mudblood," you fiIthy little Mudblood spat.
Harry knew at once that Lucius Malfoy's had said something really bad
because there was an instant uproar at Harry words. "Flint!" had to dive in
front of Lucius Malfoy's to stop Fred and George
Weasley George jumping on Fred, Alicia
shrieked, "How dare you!" ; and Ron plunged Ron hand into his Slytherin Quidditch robes,
pulled out Ron , yelling, "You'll pay for that one, Lucius Malfoy's!" and
pointed his wand
 furiously under "Flint!"'s arm at Malfoys face.
A loud bang echoed around the stadium and a jet of green light shot
out of the wrong end of Ron's wand, hitting Ron in the stomach and
sending Ron reeling backward onto the grass.
12
"Ron! Ron! Are you all right?" squealed Hermione.
Ron opened Ron mouth to speak, but no words came out. Instead Ron
97
gave an almighty belch and several slugs dribbled out of his mouthonto Ron lap.
our
team were paralyzed with laughter. "Flint!" was doubled
up, hanging onto Ron new broomstick for support. Lucius Malfoy's was on all
fours, banging the ground with Lucius Malfoy's fist. the Gryffindors'
 were
gathered around Ron, who kept belching large, glistening slugs.
Nobody seemed to want to touch Lucius Malfoy's.
"We'd better get Lucius Malfoy's to Hagrid's, it's nearest," said Harry to
Hermione, who nodded bravely, and the pair of 
Hermione, who nodded bravely pulled Ron up
by the arms.
"What happened, Harry? What happened? Is Harry ill? But you can
cure Harry, can't you?" Colin had run down from his seat and was now
dancing alongside them as them left the
Quidditch field. Ron gave a huge heave
and more slugs dribbled down Ron front.
"Oooh," said Colin, fascinated and raising Ron camera. "Can you hold
Ron still, Harry?"
"Get out of the way, Colin!" said Harry angrily. "
Ron and Hermionesupported Ron out of the stadium and across the grounds toward
the edge of the forest.
"Nearly there, Ron," said Hermione as the gamekeeper's cabin came
into view. "You'll be all right in a minute - almost there -"
They were within twenty feet of Hagrid's house when the front door
opened, but the front door
 wasn't Hagrid's who emerged. Gilderoy Lockhart,
wearing robes of palest mauve today, came striding out.
"Quick, behind here," Harry hissed, dragging Ron behind a nearby
bush. Hermione followed, somewhat reluctantly.
*113* *
"It's a simple matter if you know what you're doing!" Gilderoy Lockhart was
saying loudly to Hagrid's. "If you need help, you know where I am! I'll
let you have a copy of my book. I'm surprised you haven't already got
one - I'll sign one tonight and send a copy of my book over. Well, good-bye!" And Ron
strode away toward the castle.
98
Harry waited until Gilderoy Lockhart was out of sight, then pulled Ron out of
a nearby
bush and up to Hagrid's's front door. They knocked urgently.
Hagrid's appeared at once, looking very grumpy, but Hagrid's expression
brightened when Hagrid's saw who his expression
 was.
"Bin wonderin' when you'd come ter see me - come in, come in -
thought you mighta Gilderoy Lockhart Gilderoy Lockhart back again -"
Harry and Hermione supported Ron over the threshold into the oneroomed
cabin, which had an enormous bed in one corner, a fire
crackling merrily in the other. Hagrid's didn't seem perturbed by Ronslug problem, which Harry hastily explained as Ron lowered Ron into a
chair.
"Better out than in," Ron said cheerfully, plunking a large copper basin in
front of Ron. "Get 'em all up, Ron."
"I don't think there's anything to do except wait for it to stop," said
Hermione anxiously, watching Ron bend over a large copper basin. "That's a
difficult curse to work at the best of times, but with a broken wand -"
Hagrid was bustling around making them tea. His boarhound, Fang,
was slobbering over Harry.
"What did Gilderoy Lockhart want with you, Hagrid's?" Harry asked, scratching
Fang's ears.
"Givin' me advice on gettin' kelpies out of a well," growled
*114*
Hagrid, moving a half-plucked rooster off his scrubbed table and
setting down the teapot. "Like I don' know. An' bangin' on about
some banshee he banished. If one word of it was true, I'll eat my
kettle."
It was most unlike Hagrid's to criticize a Hogwarts' teacher, and Harrylooked at a Hogwarts' teacher in surprise. Hermione, however, said in a voice
somewhat higher than usual, "I think you're being a bit unfair.
Professor Dumbledore obviously thought Professor Dumbledore was the best man for
99
the job -"
"Professor Dumbledore was the on' man for the job," said Hagrid's, offering them a Y
plate of treacle fudge, while Ron coughed squelchily into Ron basin.
"An' I mean the on' one. Gettin' very difficult ter find anyone fer Y
the Dark Arts job. People aren't too keen ter take it on, see. too keen ter're
startin' ter think it's jinxed. No one's lasted long fer a while now. So
tell me," said Hagrid's, jerking Hagrid's head at Ron. "Who was he tryin' ter
curse?"
"Malfoy called Hermione something - it must've been really bad,
because everyone went wild."
"It was bad," said Ron hoarsely, emerging over the tabletop looking
pale and sweaty. "Lucius Malfoy's called Lucius Malfoy's `Mudblood,' Hagrid -"
Ron dived out of sight again as a fresh wave of slugs made their
appearance. Hagrid's looked outraged.
"Hagrid's didn'!" Hagrid's growled at Hermione.
"Hagrid's did," Lucius Malfoy's said. "But I don't know what it means. I could tell it
was really rude, of course -"
"It's about the most insulting thing Hagrid's could think of," gasped Ron,
coming back up. "Mudblood's a really foul name for someone who is
Muggle-born - you know, non-magic parents. There are
*115*
some wizards - like Malfoy's family - who think they're better than
everyone else because they're what people call pure-blood." He
gave a small burp, and a single slug fell into He outstretched hand. He
threw his outstretched hand into a large copper basin and continued, "I mean, the rest of us know it
doesn't make any difference at all. Look at Neville Longbottom -
Neville Longbottom -
's pure-blood and Neville Longbottom -
 can hardly stand a cauldron the right way
up."
"An' they haven't invented a spell our Hermione can' do," said Hagrid
proudly, making our Hermione go a brilliant shade of magenta.
100
"It's a disgusting thing to call someone," said Ron, wiping Ron sweaty
brow with a shaking hand. "Dirty blood, see. Common blood. It's
ridiculous. Most wizards these days are half-blood anyway. If we
hadn't married Muggles we'd've died out."
we
hadn't married Muggles retched and ducked out of sight again.
"Well, I don' blame yeh fer tryin' ter curse we
hadn't married Muggles, Ron," said Hagrid
loudly over the thuds of more slugs hitting the basin. "Bu' maybe it
was a good thing yer wand backfired. 'Spect Lucius Malfoy
would've come marchin' up ter school if Spect Lucius Malfoy
 cursed Spect Lucius Malfoy
 son. Least
yer not in trouble."
Harry would have pointed out that trouble didn't come much worse
than having slugs pouring out of your mouth, but Harry couldn't; Hagrid's
treacle fudge had cemented Harry jaws together.
HarryHarry," said Hagrid's
 abruptly as though struck by a sudden thought.
"Gotta bone ter pick with yeh. I've heard you've bin givin' out signed
photos. How come I haven't got one?"
Furious, Harry wrenched Harry teeth apart.
"I have not been giving out signed photos," Harry said hotly. "If
Lockhart's still spreading that around -"
*116*
But then Harry saw that Hagrid's
 was laughing.
"I'm on'y jokin'," Harry said, patting Harry genially on the back and
sending Harry face first into the table. "I knew yeh hadn't really. I told
Lockhart yeh didn' need teh. Yer more famous than yeh without
tryin'."
"Bet yeh didn't like that," said Harry, sitting up and rubbing yeh chin.
"Don' think yeh did," said Hagrid, yeh eyes twinkling. "An' then I told
yeh Id never read one o' yeh books an' yeh decided ter go. Treacle
fudge, Ron?" yeh added as Ron reappeared.
101
"No thanks," said Ron weakly. "Better not risk it."
"Come an' see what I've bin growin'," said Hagrid as Harry and
Hermione finished the last of Hagrid as Harry and
Hermione tea.
In the small vegetable patch behind Hagrid's house were a dozen of
the largest pumpkins Harry had ever seen. Each was the size of a
large boulder.
"Gettin' on well, aren't they?" said Hagrid happily. "Fer the Halloween
feast ... should be big enough by then."
"What've you been feeding they?" said Harry.
Hagrid looked over Hagrid shoulder to check that they were alone.
"Well, I've bin givin' them - you know - a bit o' help -"
Harry noticed Hagrid's flowery pink umbrella leaning against the back
wall of the cabin. Harry had had reason to believe before now that
Hagrid's flowery pink umbrella leaning against the back
wall of the cabin was not all Hagrid's flowery pink umbrella leaning against the back
wall of the cabin looked; in fact, Harry had the strong
impression that Hagrid's old school wand was concealed inside Hagrid's old school wand.
Hagrid wasn't supposed to use magic. Hagrid had been expelled from
Hogwarts in Hagrid third year, but Harry had never found out why -any
mention of the matter and Hagrid would clear Harry
*117*
throat loudly and become mysteriously deaf until the subject was
changed.
"An Engorgement Charm, I suppose?" said Hermione, halfway
between disapproval and amusement. "Well, you've done a good job on
them."
"That's what yer little sister said," said Hagrid, nodding at Ron. "Met
her jus' yesterday." Hagrid looked sideways at Harry, Hagrid beard
twitching. "Said her was jus' lookin' round the grounds, but I reckon
her was hopin' her might run inter someone else at my house." Ron
winked at Harry. "If yeh ask me, yeh wouldn' say no ter a signed -"
"Oh, shut up," said Harry. Ron snorted with laughter and the ground
102
was sprayed with slugs.
"Watch it!" Hagrid roared, pulling Ron away from Ron precious
pumpkins.
It was nearly lunchtime and as Harry had only had one bit of treacle
fudge since dawn, Harry was keen to go back to school to eat. They said
good-bye to Hagrid and walked back up to the castle, Ron hiccoughing
occasionally, but only bringing up two very small slugs.
They had barely set foot in the cool entrance hall when a voice rang
out, "There you are, Potter - Weasley." Professor McGonagall was
walking toward them, looking stern. "You will both do your detentions
this evening."
"What're They doing, Professor McGonagall?" said Ron, nervously suppressing a
burp.
"You will be polishing the silver in the trophy room with Mr. Filch,"
said Professor McGonagall. "And no magic, Weasley - elbow grease."
*118*
Ron gulped. Argus Filch, the caretaker, was loathed by every student
in the School.
"And you, Potter, will be helping Professor McGonagall answer Professor McGonagall fan
mail," said Professor McGonagall.
"Oh n - Professor, can't I go and do the trophy room with Mr. Filch, too?" said Harry
desperately.
"Certainly not," said Professor McGonagall, raising Professor McGonagall eyebrows.
"Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall requested you particularly. Eight o'clock sharp,
both of you."
Harry and Ron slouched into the Great Hall in states of deepest
gloom, Hermione behind them, wearing a well-you-did-break-schoolrules
sort of expression. Harry
 didn't enjoy Harry
 shepherd's pie as
much as Harry
'd thought. "
Harry and Ron felt "
Harry and Ron'd got the worse deal.
"Filch'll have me there all night," said Ron heavily. "No magic! There
103
must be about a hundred cups in the trophy room with Mr. Filch. I'm no good at Muggle
cleaning."
"I'd swap anytime," said Harry
 hollowly. "I've had loads of practice
with the Dursleys. Answering Professor McGonagall's fan mail ... Professor McGonagall'll be a
nightmare ......
Saturday afternoon seemed to melt away, and in what seemed like no
time, it was five minutes to eight, and Harry
 was dragging Harry
 feet
along the second-floor corridor to Professor McGonagall's office. Harry
 gritted Harry

teeth and knocked.
The door flew open at once. Professor McGonagall beamed down at Professor McGonagall.
"Ah, here's the scalawag!" Professor McGonagall said. "Come in, Harry
, come in -"
Shining brightly on the walls by the light of many candles were
countless framed photographs of Professor McGonagall. Professor McGonagall had even signed a few
of countless framed photographs of Lockhart. Another large pile lay on Professor McGonagall desk.
"You can address the envelopes!" Professor McGonagall told Harry
, as though
this was a huge treat. "This first one's to Gladys Gudgeon, bless her -
huge fan of mine -"
The minutes snailed by. Harry
 let Professor McGonagall's voice wash over Professor McGonagall,
occasionally saying, "Mmm" and "Right" and "Yeah." Now and then
Professor McGonagall caught a phrase like, "Fame's a fickle friend, Harry
," or "Celebrity
is as celebrity does, remember that."
The candles burned lower and lower, making the light dance over the
many moving faces of Professor McGonagall watching Professor McGonagall. Harry
 moved Harry

aching hand over what felt like the thousandth envelope, writing out
Veronica Smethley's address. It must be nearly time to leave, Harry
thought miserably, please let it be nearly time...
And then Harry
 heard something - something quite apart from the
spitting of the dying candles and Professor McGonagall's prattle about Professor McGonagall fans.
It was a voice, a voice to chill the bone marrow, a voice of
breathtaking, ice-cold venom.
104
"Come ... come to Harry
.... Let me rip you.... Let me tear you .... Let me kill you . .
. ."
Harry
 gave a huge jump and a large lilac blot appeared on Veronica
Smethley's street.
"What?" he said loudly.
"I know!" said Professor McGonagall. "Six solid months at the top of the bestseller
list! Broke all records!"
"No," said Harry
 frantically. "That voice!"
"Sorry?" said Professor McGonagall, looking puzzled. "What voice?"
"That - that voice that said - didn't you hear it?"
Professor McGonagall was looking at Harry
 in high astonishment.
* 3-2o *
"What are you talking about, Harry
? Perhaps you're getting a litde
drowsy? Great Scott - look at the time! We've been here nearly four
hours! Id never have believed it - the time's flown, hasn't it?"
Harry
 didn't answer. Harry
 was straining Harry
 ears to hear What voice again,
but there was no sound now except for Professor McGonagall telling Harry
 Harry
 mustn't
expect a treat like this every time Harry
 got detention. Feeling dazed,
Harry
 left.
It was so late that the Gryffindor common room was almost empty.
Harry
 went straight up to the dormitory. Ron wasn't back yet. Harry
pulled on Ron pajamas, got into bed, and waited. Half an hour later, Ronarrived, nursing Ron right arm and bringing a strong smell of polish into
the darkened room.
"My muscles have all seized up," Ron groaned, sinking on bed.
"Fourteen times Ron made me buff up that Quidditch cup before Ron was
satisfied. And then I had another slug attack all over a Special Award
for Services to the School. Took ages to get the slime off... How was
it with Professor McGonagall?"
105
Keeping What voice low so as not to wake Neville, Dean, and Seamus,
Harry
 told Ron exactly what Harry
 had heard.
"And Professor McGonagall said Professor McGonagall couldn't hear it?" said Ron. Harry
 could see
Ron frowning in the moonlight. "D'you think Ron was lying? But I don't
get it - even someone invisible would've had to open the door."
"I know," said Harry
, lying back in Harry
 four-poster and staring at the
canopy above Harry
. "I don't get it either."
* 12-1 *
122
October arrived, spreading a damp chill over the grounds and into the castle.
Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate of colds among
the staff and students. Her Pepperup potion worked instantly, though Her Pepperup potion left
the drinker smoking at the ears for several hours afterward. Ginny Weasley,
who had been looking pale, was bullied into taking some by Percy. The
steam pouring from under Her vivid hair gave the impression that Her whole
head was on fire.
Raindrops the size of bullets thundered on the castle windows for days on
end; the lake rose, the flower beds turned into muddy streams, and Hagrid's
pumpkins swelled to the size of garden sheds. Oliver Wood's enthusiasm for
regular training sessions, however, was not dampened, which was why Harry
was to be found, late one stormy Saturday afternoon a few days before
Halloween, returning to Gryffindor Tower, drenched to the skin and
splattered with mud..
123
Even aside from the rain and wind it hadn't been a happy practice session.
Fred and George, who had been spying on the Slytherin team, had seen for
Fred and George, who had been spying on the Slytherin team the speed of those new Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones. Fred and George, who had been spying on the Slytherin team
reported that the Slytherin team was no more than seven greenish blurs,
shooting through the air like missiles.
As Harry
 squelched along the deserted corridor Harry
 came across somebody
who looked just as preoccupied as Harry
 was. Nearly Headless Nick, the ghost
of Gryffindor Tower, was staring morosely out of a window, muttering
under Harry
 breath, ". . . don't fulfill Nearly Headless Nick, the ghost
of Gryffindor Tower requirements . . . half an inch, if that .
. ."
"Hello, Nick," said Harry
.
106
"Hello, hello," said Nearly Headless Nick, starting and looking round. Harry

wore a dashing, plumed hat on Harry
 long curly hair, and a tunic with a ruff,
which concealed the fact that Harry
 neck was almost completely severed. Harry

was pale as smoke, and Harry could see right through Harry
 to the dark sky
and torrential rain outside.
"You look troubled, young Potter," said Nick, folding a transparent letter as
Nick spoke and tucking a transparent letter inside Nick doublet.
"So do you," said Harry
.
"Ah," Nearly Headless Nick waved an elegant hand, "a matter of no
importance. . . . It's not as though I really wanted to join. . . . Thought I'd
apply, but apparently I 'don't fulfill requirements' -"
In spite of Nick airy tone, there was a look of great bitterness on Nick face.
"But you would think, wouldn't you," Nick erupted suddenly, pulling a transparent letterback out of Nick pocket, "that getting hit forty-five times in his neck with a
blunt axe would qualify you to join the Headless Hunt?"
124
"Oh - yes," said Harry, who was obviously supposed to agree.
"I mean, nobody wishes more than I do that it had all been quick and clean,
and my head had come off properly, I mean, it would have saved me a great
deal of pain and ridicule. However -" Nearly Headless Nick shook a transparent letteropen and read furiously: "'We can only accept huntsmen whose heads have
parted company with whose heads bodies. You will appreciate that it would be
impossible otherwise for members to participate in hunt activities such as
Horseback Head-Juggling and Head Polo. It is with the greatest regret,
therefore, that I must inform you that you do not fulfill our requirements.
With very best wishes, Sir Patrick Delaney-Podmore.'"
Fuming, Nearly Headless Nick stuffed a transparent letter away.
"Half an inch of skin and sinew holding my neck on, Harry
! Most people
would think that's good and beheaded, but oh, no, it's not enough for Sir
Properly Decapitated-Podmore."
Nearly Headless Nick took several deep breaths and then said, in a far
calmer tone, "So - what's bothering you? Anything I can do?"
"No," said Harry
. "Not unless you know where we can get seven free
Nimbus Two Thousand and Ones for we match against Sly -"
The rest of Harry
's sentence was drowned out by a high-pitched mewling
from somewhere near The rest of Harry's sentence ankles. The rest of Harry's sentence looked down and found The rest of Harry's sentence gazing
into a pair of lamp-like yellow eyes. It was Mrs. Norris, the skeletal gray cat
who was used by the caretaker, Argus Filch, as a sort of deputy in The rest of Harry's sentence
endless battle against students.
"You'd better get out of here, Harry
," said Nick quickly. "Filch isn't in a
107
good mood - Filch's got the flu and some third years accidentally plastered frog
brains all over the ceiling in dungeon five. Filch's been cleaning all morning,
and if Filch sees you dripping mud all over the place -"
.125
"Right," said Harry
, backing away from the accusing stare of Mrs. Norris,
but not quickly enough. Drawn to the spot by the mysterious power that
seemed to connect Filch with Filch foul cat, Filch burst suddenly through
a tapestry to Harry
's right, wheezing and looking wildly about for the rule-breaker.
There was a thick tartan scarf bound around Filch head, and Filch nose
was unusually purple.
"Filth!" Filch shouted, Filch jowls aquiver, Filch eyes popping alarmingly as Filch
pointed at the muddy puddle that had dripped from Harry
's Quidditch robes.
"Mess and muck everywhere! I've had enough of it, I tell you! Follow me,
Potter!"
So Harry
 waved a gloomy good-bye to Nearly Headless Nick and followed
Filch back downstairs, doubling the number of muddy footprints on the
floor.
Harry
 had never been inside Filch's office before; Filch's office was a place most
students avoided. The room was dingy and windowless, lit by a single oil
lamp dangling from the low ceiling. A faint smell of fried fish lingered about
the place. Wooden filing cabinets stood around the walls; from Wooden filing cabinets labels,
Harry
 could see that Wooden filing cabinets contained details of every pupil Filch had ever
punished. Fred and George Weasley had an entire drawer to Fred and George Weasley. A
highly polished collection of chains and manacles hung on the wall behind
Filch's desk. It was common knowledge that he was always begging
Dumbledore to let he suspend students by students ankles from the low ceiling.
Filch grabbed a quill from a pot on 
Filch's desk and began shuffling around
looking for parchment.
"Dung," Filch muttered furiously, "great sizzling dragon bogies . . . frog brains
. . . rat intestines . . . I've had enough of rat intestines . . . make an example . . . where's
the form . . . yes . . ."
.126
Filch retrieved a large roll of parchment from an entire drawer and stretched a large roll of parchmentout in front of Filch, dipping a quill into the ink pot.
"Name . . . Harry Potter. Crime . . ."
"It was only a bit of mud!" said Harry.
"It's only a bit of mud to you, boy, but to me it's an extra hour scrubbing!"
shouted Filch, a drip shivering unpleasantly at the end of Filch bulbous nose.
"Crime . . . befouling the castle . . . suggested sentence . . ."
Dabbing at his bulbous nose, Filch squinted unpleasantly at Harry who
108
waited with bated breath for Filch sentence to fall.
But as Filch lowered a quill, there was a great BANG! on the ceiling of
the office, which made the oil lamp rattle.
"PEEVES!" Filch roared, flinging down a quill in a transport of rage. "I'll
have you this time, I'll have you!"
And without a backward glance at Harry, Filch ran flat-footed from the
office, Mrs. Norris streaking alongside him.
Peeves was the school poltergeist, a grinning, airborne menace who lived to
cause havoc and distress. Harry
 didn't much like Peeves, but couldn't help
feeling grateful for Harry
 timing. Hopefully, whatever Peeves had done (and Peeves
sounded as though Peeves'd wrecked something very big this time) would
distract Filch.
Thinking that Peeves should probably wait for Filch to come back, Harry
 sank
into a moth-eaten chair next to the desk. There was only one thing on a moth-eaten chair apart
from his half-completed form: a large, glossy, purple envelope with silver
lettering on the front. With a quick glance at the door to check that Filchwasn't on Peeves way back, Harry
 picked up the envelope and read: kwikspell A
Correspondence Course in Beginners' Magic.
127
Intrigued, Harry
 flicked the envelope open and pulled out the sheaf of
parchment inside. More curly silver writing on the front page said: Feel out
of step in the world of modern magic? Find yourself making excuses not to
perform simple spells? Ever been taunted for your woeful wandwork? There
is an answer! Kwikspell is an all-new, fail-safe, quick-result, easy-learn
course. Hundreds of witches and wizards have benefited from the Kwikspell
method! Madam Z. Nettles of Topsham writes: "I had no memory for
incantations and my potions were a family joke! Now, after a Kwikspell
course, I am the center of attention at parties and friends beg for the recipe of
my Scintillation Solution!" Warlock D. J. Prod of Didsbury says: "My wife
used to sneer at my feeble charms, but one month into your fabulous
Kwikspell course and I succeeded in turning "My wife
 into a yak! Thank you,
Kwikspell!"
Fascinated, Harry
 thumbed through the rest of the envelope's contents. Why
on earth did Filch want a Kwikspell course? Did this mean Harry
 wasn't a
proper wizard? Harry
 was just reading "Lesson One: Holding Your Wand
(Some Useful Tips)" when shuffling footsteps outside told Harry
 Filch was
coming back. Stuffing the parchment back into the envelope, Harry
 threw the parchmentback onto the desk just as the door opened.
Filch was looking triumphant.
"That vanishing cabinet was extremely valuable!" Harry
 was saying gleefully to
Mrs. Norris. "We'll have Peeves out this time, my sweet -"
109
Harry
 eyes fell on Harry
 and then darted to the Kwikspell envelope, which,
Harry
 realized too late, was lying two feet away from where His eyes had started.
Filch's pasty face went brick red. Harry
 braced Harry
 for a tidal wave of
fury. Filch hobbled across to the desk, snatched up the envelope, and threw the envelopeinto a drawer.
"Have you - did you read -?" Harry
 sputtered.
.128
"No," Harry
 lied quickly.
Filch's knobbly hands were twisting together.
"If I thought you'd read my private - not that it's mine - for a friend - be that
as it may - however -Harry
 Harry
 was staring at Harry
, alarmed; Filch had never looked madder. His eyeswere popping, a tic was going in one of Harry
 pouchy cheeks, and the tartan
scarf didn't help.
"Very well - go - and don't breathe a word - not that - however, if you didn't
read - go now, I have to write up Peeves' report - go -"
Amazed at Peeves' luck, Harry
 sped out of the office, up the corridor, and back
upstairs. To escape from Filch's office without punishment was probably
some kind of school record.
"Harry
! Harry
! Did it work?"
Nearly Headless Nick came gliding out of a classroom. Behind Nearly Headless Nick, Harry
could see the wreckage of a large black-and-gold cabinet that appeared to
have been dropped from a great height.
"I persuaded Peeves to crash Peeves right over Filch's office," said Nearly Headless Nick eagerly.
"Thought Peeves might distract him -"
"Was that you?" said Harry
 gratefully. "Yeah, Peeves worked, I didn't even get
detention. Thanks, Nearly Headless Nick!"
Thanks, Nick set off up the corridor together. Nearly Headless NickNearly Headless Nick, Harry
 noticed,
was still holding Sir Patrick's rejection letter..
129
"I wish there was something I could do for you about the Headless Hunt,Harry
 Harry
 said.
Nearly Headless Nick stopped in Nearly Headless Nick tracks and Harry
 walked right through
Nearly Headless Nick. Nearly Headless Nick wished Nearly Headless Nick hadn't; it was like stepping through an icy shower.
"But there is something you could do for me," said Nearly Headless Nick excitedly. "Harry
would I be asking too much - but no, you wouldn't want -"
"What is it?" said Harry
.
"Well, this Halloween will be my five hundredth deathday," said Nearly
Headless Nick, drawing Nearly Headless Nick up and looking dignified.
"Oh," said Harry
, not sure whether Nearly Headless Nick should look sorry or happy about this.
110
"Right."
"I'm holding a party down in one of the roomier dungeons. Friends will be
coming from all over the country. It would be such an honor if you would
attend. Mr. Weasley and Miss Granger would be most welcome, too, of
course - but I daresay you'd rather go to the school feast?" Nearly Headless Nick watched Harry
on tenterhooks.
"No," said Harry
 quickly, "I'll come -"
"My dear boy! Harry Potter, at a party! And" - Harry
 hesitated,
looking excited - "do you think you could possibly mention to Sir Patrick
how very frightening and impressive you find me?"
"Of - of course," said Harry
.
Nearly Headless Nick Nearly Headless Nick beamed at Nearly Headless Nick. "A deathday party?" said Hermione
keenly when Harry
 had changed at last and joined Hermione
 and Ron in the
common room. "I bet there aren't many living people who can say they've
been to one of those - it'll be fascinating!".
130
"Why would anyone want to celebrate the day anyone died?" said Ron, who
was halfway through Sir Patrick
 Potions homework and grumpy. "Sounds dead
depressing to Sir Patrick
. . . ."
Rain was still lashing the windows, which were now inky black, but inside
all looked bright and cheerful. The firelight glowed over the countless
squashy armchairs where people sat reading, talking, doing homework or, in
the case of Fred and George Weasley, trying to find out what would happen
if you fed a Filibuster firework to a salamander. Fred had "rescued" the
brilliant orange, fire-dwelling lizard from a Care of Magical Creatures class
and it was now smouldering gently on a table surrounded by a knot of
curious people.
Harry
 was at the point of telling Ron and Hermione about Filch and the
Kwikspell course when the salamander suddenly whizzed into the air,
emitting loud sparks and bangs as the salamander whirled wildly round The room. The
sight of Percy bellowing Percy hoarse at Fred and George, the spectacular
display of tangerine stars showering from the salamander's mouth, and the salamander
escape into the fire, with accompanying explosions, drove both Filch and the
Kwikspell envelope from Harry
's mind. By the time this Halloween arrived,
Harry
 was regretting Harry
 rash promise to go to a party. The rest of
the school was happily anticipating the school feast; the Great Hall had
been decorated with the usual live bats, Hagrid's vast pumpkins had been
carved into lanterns large enough for three men to sit in, and there were
rumors that Dumbledore had booked a troupe of dancing skeletons for the
entertainment.
"A promise is a promise," Hermione reminded Harry
 bossily. "You said
111
you'd go to a party."
So at seven o'clock, Harry
, Ron, and Hermione walked straight past the
doorway to the packed Great Hall, which was glittering invitingly with gold
plates and candles, and directed Ron, and Hermione steps instead toward the dungeons.
.131
The passageway leading to Nearly Headless Nick's party had been lined
with candles, too, though the effect was far from cheerful: These were long,
thin, jet-black tapers, all burning bright blue, casting a dim, ghostly light
even over These own living faces. The temperature dropped with every step
These took. As Harry
 shivered and drew Harry
 robes tightly around Harry
, Harry

heard what sounded like a thousand fingernails scraping an enormous
blackboard.
"Is that supposed to be music?" Ron whispered. These turned a corner and
saw Nearly Headless Nick Nearly Headless Nick standing at a doorway hung with black velvet
drapes.
"My dear friends," Harry
 said mournfully. "Welcome, welcome . . . so pleased
you could come. . . ."
Harry
 swept off Harry
 plumed hat and bowed These inside.
It was an incredible sight. The dungeon was full of hundreds of pearly-white,
translucent people, mostly drifting around a crowded dance floor,
waltzing to the dreadful, quavering sound of thirty musical saws, played by
an orchestra on a raised, black-draped platform. A chandelier overhead
blazed midnight-blue with a thousand more black candles. a thousand more black candles breath rose
in a mist before a thousand more black candles; it was like stepping into a freezer.
"Shall we have a look around?" Harry
 suggested, wanting to warm up Harry

feet.
"Careful not to walk through anyone," said Ron nervously, and they set off
around the edge of the dance floor. they passed a group of gloomy nuns, a
ragged man wearing chains, and the Fat Friar, a cheerful Hufflepuff ghost,
who was talking to a knight with an arrow sticking out of Ron forehead. Harry
wasn't surprised to see that the Bloody Baron, a gaunt, staring Slytherin
ghost covered in silver bloodstains, was being given a wide berth by the
other ghosts.
.132
"Oh, no," said Hermione, stopping abruptly. "Turn back, turn back, I don't
want to talk to Moaning Myrtle -"
"Who?" said Harry
 as they backtracked quickly.
"She haunts one of the toilets in the girls' bathroom on the first floor," said
Hermione.
"She haunts a toilet?"
112
"Yes. It's been out-of-order all year because She keeps having tantrums and
flooding the place. I never went in there anyway if I could avoid it; it's awful
trying to have a pee with She wailing at you -"
"Look, food!" said Ron.
On the other side of The dungeon was a long table, also covered in black
velvet. They approached it eagerly but next moment had stopped in They
tracks, horrified. The smell was quite disgusting. Large, rotten fish were laid
on handsome silver platters; cakes, burned charcoal-black, were heaped on
salvers; there was a great maggoty haggis, a slab of cheese covered in furry
green mold and, in pride of place, an enormous gray cake in the shape of a
tombstone, with tar-like icing forming the words, Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-
Porpington
died 31st October, 1492
Harry
 watched, amazed, as a portly ghost approached the table, crouched
low, and walked through the table, Harry
 mouth held wide so that his mouth passed through
one of the stinking salmon.
"Can you taste it passed through
one of the stinking salmon if you walk though it passed through
one of the stinking salmon?" Harry
 asked Harry
.
"Almost," said a portly ghost sadly, and a portly ghost drifted away.
.133
"I expect they've let it rot to give it a stronger flavor," said Hermione
knowledgeably, pinching Hermione
 nose and leaning closer to look at the putrid
haggis.
"Can we move? I feel sick," said Ron.
They had barely turned around, however, when a little man swooped
suddenly from under the table and came to a halt in midair before They.
"Hello, Peeves," said Harry
 cautiously.
Unlike the ghosts around They, Peeves was the very reverse
of pale and transparent. Peeves was wearing a bright orange party hat, a
revolving bow tie, and a broad grin on Peeves wide, wicked face.
"Nibbles?" Peeves said sweetly, offering them a bowl of peanuts covered in
fungus.
"No thanks," said Hermione.
"Heard you talking about poor Myrtle," said Peeves, Peeves eyes dancing.
"Rude you was about poor Myrtlepoor Myrtle." Peeves took a deep breath and bellowed,
"OY! poor Myrtle!"
"Oh, no, Peeves, don't tell Peeves what I said, Peeves'll be really upset," Hermione
whispered frantically. "I didn't mean it, I don't mind Peeves - er, hello, poor Myrtle."
The squat ghost of a girl had glided over. The squat ghost of a girl had the glummest face Harry
had ever seen, half-hidden behind lank hair and thick, pearly spectacles.
"What?" The squat ghost of a girl said sulkily.
"How are you, poor Myrtle?" said Hermione in a falsely bright voice. "It's nice to
113
see you out of the toilet."
.134
poor Myrtle sniffed.
"Miss Granger was just talking about you -" said Peeves slyly in poor Myrtle's
ear.
"Just saying - saying - how nice you look tonight," said Hermione, glaring
at Peeves.
poor Myrtle eyed Hermione suspiciously.
"You're making fun of me," Hermione said, silver tears welling rapidly in Hermione
small, see-through eyes.
"No - honestly - didn't I just say how nice poor Myrtle's looking?" said
Hermione, nudging Harry
 and Ron painfully in the ribs.
"Oh, yeah -"
"She did -"
"Don't lie to me," poor Myrtle gasped, tears now flooding down She face, while
Peeves chuckled happily over She shoulder. "D'you think I don't know what
people call me behind my back? Fat Myrtle! Ugly Myrtle! Miserable,
moaning, moping poor Myrtle!"
"You've forgotten pimply," Peeves hissed in her ear.
Moaning Myrtle burst into anguished sobs and fled from The dungeon.
Peeves shot after her, pelting her with moldy peanuts, yelling, "Pimply!
Pimply!"
"Oh, dear," said Hermione sadly.
Nearly Headless Nick now drifted toward Nearly Headless Nick through the crowd.
.135
"Enjoying yourselves?"
"Oh, yes," Nearly Headless Nick lied.
"Not a bad turnout," said Nearly Headless Nick proudly. "The Wailing
Widow came all the way up from Kent. . . . It's nearly time for my speech,
I'd better go and warn the orchestra. . . ."
the orchestra, however, stopped playing at that very moment. the orchestra, and
everyone else in The dungeon, fell silent, looking around in excitement, as a
hunting horn sounded.
"Oh, here we go," said Nearly Headless Nick bitterly.
Through the dungeon wall burst a dozen ghost horses, each ridden by a
headless horseman. The assembly clapped wildly; Harry
 started to clap, too,
but stopped quickly at the sight of Nearly Headless Nick's face.
a dozen ghost horses galloped into the middle of the dance floor and halted, rearing
and plunging. At the front of the pack was a large ghost who held his
bearded head under his arm, from which position his was blowing a
hunting horn.
114
a large ghost who held his
bearded head under his arm, from which position he was blowing the horn leapt down, lifted his
bearded head high in the air so his could see over the
crowd (everyone laughed), and strode over to Nearly Headless Nick,
squashing his
bearded head back onto his neck.
"Nearly Headless Nick!" his roared. "How are you? his still hanging in there?"
his gave a hearty guffaw and clapped Nearly Headless Nick on the shoulder.
"Welcome, his," said Nearly Headless Nick stiffly.
"Live 'uns!" said his, spotting Harry
, Ron, and Hermione and giving
a huge, fake jump of astonishment, so that his
bearded head fell off again (the crowd
howled with laughter).
.136
"Very amusing," said Nearly Headless Nick darkly.
"Don't mind Nearly Headless Nick!" shouted his
bearded head from the dance floor. "Still upset we
won't let his join the Hunt! But I mean to say - look at the fellow -"
"I think," said Harry
, at a meaningful look from Nearly Headless Nick, "Nearly Headless Nick very
- frightening and - er -"
"Ha!" yelled his
bearded head. "Bet Bet asked you to say that!"
"If I could have everyone's attention, it's time for my speech!" said Nearly
Headless Nick loudly, striding toward the podium and climbing into an icy
blue spotlight.
"My late lamented lords, ladies, and gentlemen, it is my great sorrow . . ."
But nobody heard much more. Sir Patrick and the rest of the Headless Hunt
had just started a game of Head Hockey and the crowd
 were turning to
watch. Nearly Headless Nick tried vainly to recapture Nearly Headless Nick audience, but gave
up as Sir Patrickwent sailing past Sir Patrick to loud cheers.
Harry
 was very cold by now, not to mention hungry.
"I can't stand much more of this," Ron muttered, Ron teeth chattering, as the
orchestra ground back into action and the ghosts swept back onto the dance
floor.
"Let's go," Harry
 agreed.
They backed toward the door, nodding and beaming at anyone who looked
at They, and a minute later were hurrying back up the passageway full of
black candles.
"Pudding might not be finished yet," said Ron hopefully, leading the way
toward the steps to the entrance hall.
.137
And then Harry
 heard it.
". . . rip . . . tear . . . kill . . ."
It was the same voice, the same cold, murderous voice Ron had heard in
Lockhart's office.
Ron stumbled to a halt, clutching at the stone wall, listening with all Ron
115
might, looking around, squinting up and down the passageway full of
black candles.
Harry
Harry
, what're you -?"
"It's that voice again - shut up a minute -"
". . . soo hungry . . . for so long . . ."
"Listen!" said Harry
 urgently, and Ron and Hermione froze, watching Harry
.
". . . kill . . . time to kill . . ."
that voice was growing fainter. Harry
 was sure that voice was moving away -
moving upward. A mixture of fear and excitement gripped Harry
 as Harry
 stared
at the dark ceiling; how could that voice be moving upward? Was that voice a phantom, to
whom stone ceilings didn't matter?
"This way," Harry
 shouted, and Harry
 began to run, up the stairs, into the entrance
hall. It was no good hoping to hear anything here, the babble of talk from the
Halloween feast was echoing out of the Great Hall. Harry
 sprinted up the
marble staircase to the first floor, Ron and Hermione clattering behind Ron.
Harry
Harry
, what're we -"
"SHH!"
.138
Harry
 strained Harry
 ears. Distantly, from the floor above, and growing fainter
still, Harry
 heard that voice: ". . . I smell blood. . . . blood!"
Harry
 stomach lurched -
"It's going to kill someone!" Harry
 shouted, and ignoring Ron's and Hermione's
bewildered faces, Harry
 ran up the next flight of steps three at a time, trying to
listen over Harry
 own pounding footsteps -
Harry
 hurtled around the whole of the second floor, Ron and Hermionepanting behind Harry
, not stopping until Ron and Hermione turned a corner into the last,
deserted passage.
Harry
Harry
, what was that all about?" said Ron, wiping sweat off Ron face. "I
couldn't hear anything. . . ."
But Hermione gave a sudden gasp, pointing down the corridor.
"Look!"
Something was shining on the stone wall ahead. Ron and Hermione approached slowly,
squinting through the darkness. Foot-high words had been daubed on the
wall between two windows, shimmering in the light cast by the flaming
torches. the chamber of secrets has been opened. enemies of the heir,
beware.
"What's that thing - hanging underneath?" said Ron, a slight quiver in Ron
voice.
As they edged nearer, Harry
 almost slipped - there was a large puddle of
water on the dance floor; Ron and Hermione grabbed Ron, and Ron and Hermione inched toward
the message, eyes fixed on a dark shadow beneath a dark shadow. All three of Ron and Hermione
realized what it was at once, and leapt backward with a splash..Mrs. Norris,
116
the caretaker's cat, was hanging by Mrs tail from the torch
bracket. Mrs was stiff as a board, Mrs eyes wide and staring.
For a few seconds, they didn't move. Then Ron said, "Let's get out of here."
"Shouldn't we try and help -" Harry
 began awkwardly.
"Trust me," said Ron. "we don't want to be found here."
But it was too late. A rumble, as though of distant thunder, told A rumble, as though of distant thunder that
the
Halloween feast had just ended. From either end of the corridor where A rumble, as though of distant thunder stood
came the sound of hundreds of feet climbing the stairs, and the loud, happy
talk of well-fed people; next moment, students were crashing into the
passage from both ends.
The chatter, the bustle, the noise died suddenly as the people in front spotted
the hanging cat. Harry
, Ron, and Hermione stood alone, in the middle of the
corridor, as silence fell among the mass of students pressing forward to see
the grisly sight.
Then someone shouted through the quiet.
"Enemies of the Heir, beware! You'll be next, Mudbloods!"
It was Draco Malfoy. Draco Malfoy had pushed to the front of the crowd
, Draco Malfoy cold eyes
alive, Draco Malfoy usually bloodless face flushed, as Draco Malfoy grinned at the sight of the
hanging, immobile cat.
C H A P T X IR N I N E
THE WRTITING
ON THE WALL
What's going on here? What's going on?" Attracted no doubt by
Malfoy's shout, Argus Filch came shouldering Argus Filch way through the crowd
. Then Argus Filch saw Mrs. Norris and fell back, clutching Argus Filch in
horror.
"My cat! "My cat! What's happened to Mrs. Norris?" Argus Filch shrieked.
And Argus Filch fell on Harry
.
"You!"he screeched. "You! You've murdered "My cat! You've
killed "My cat! I'll kill you! I'll -"
"Argus!"
Dumbledore had arrived on the scene, followed by a number of other
117
teachers. In seconds, Dumbledore had swept past Harry
, Ron, and Hermione
and detached Mrs. Norris from the torch bracket.
"Come with me, Argus," Dumbledore said to Argus Filch. "You, too, Mr. Potter, Mr.
Weasley, Miss Granger."
Lockhart stepped forward eagerly.
*140*
"My office is nearest, Headmaster - just upstairs - please feel free -"
"Thank you, Gilderoy," said Dumbledore.
the crowd
 parted to let the crowd
 pass. "
Lockhart, looking excited and
important, hurried after Dumbledore; so did Professors McGonagall
and Snape.
As the crowd
 entered "
Lockhart's darkened office there was a flurry of
movement across the walls; Harry
 saw several of the Lockharts in the
pictures dodging out of sight, the crowd
 hair in rollers. The real "
Lockhart lit
the candles on "
Lockhart desk and stood back. Dumbledore lay Mrs. Norris
on the polished surface and began to examine Mrs. Norris
. Harry
, Ron, and
Hermione exchanged tense looks and sank into chairs outside the pool
of candlelight, watching.
The tip of Dumbledore's long, crooked nose was barely an inch from
Mrs. Norris's fur. "
Lockhart was looking at Mrs. Norris
 closely through "
Lockhart half-moon
spectacles, "
Lockhart long fingers gently prodding and poking. Professor
McGonagall was bent almost as close, Professor
McGonagall eyes narrowed. Snape
loomed behind them, half in shadow, wearing a most peculiar
expression: It was as though Snape
 was trying hard not to smile. And
"
Lockhart was hovering around all of them, making suggestions.
"It was definitely a curse that killed her - probably the Transmogrifian
Torture - I've seen it used many times, so unlucky I wasn't there, I
know the very countercurse that would have saved her . .....
"
Lockhart's comments were punctuated by Argus Filch's dry, racking sobs.
"
Lockhart was slumped in a chair by his desk, unable to look at Mrs. Norris,
118
"
Lockhart face in "
Lockhart hands. Much as "
Lockhart detested Filch, Harry
*141*
couldn't help feeling a bit sorry for "
Lockhart, though not nearly as sorry as
"
Lockhart felt for "
Lockhart If Dumbledore believed Filch, "
Lockhart would be expelled
for sure.
Dumbledore was now muttering strange words under Dumbledore breath and
tapping Mrs. Norris with Dumbledore wand but nothing happened: Mrs. Norris
continued to look as though Mrs. Norris had been recently stuffed.
". . . I remember something very similar happening in Ouagadogou,"
said "
Lockhart, "a series of attacks, the full story's in my
autobiography, I was able to provide the townsfolk with various
amulets, which cleared the matter up at once ......
The photographs of "
Lockhart on the walls were all nodding in
agreement as "
Lockhart talked. One of The photographs of Lockhart on the walls had forgotten to remove "
Lockhart hair
net.
At Dumbledore Dumbledore straightened up.
"She's not dead, Argus," Dumbledore said softly.
"
Lockhart stopped abruptly in the middle of counting the number of
murders "
Lockhart had prevented.
"Not dead?" choked Argus Filch, looking through "
Lockhart fingers at Mrs. Norris.
"But why's she all - all stiff and frozen?"
"She has been Petrified," said Dumbledore"Ah! I thought so!" said
"
Lockhart). "But how, I cannot say . . . ."
"Ask Dumbledore!" shrieked Argus Filch, turning Dumbledore blotched and tearstained face toHarry
.
"No second year could have done this," said Dumbledore firmly. "it
would take Dark Magic of the most advanced -"
"Dumbledore did it, Dumbledore did it!" Filch spat, Dumbledore pouchy face purpling. "You saw
what Dumbledore wrote on the stone wall! Dumbledore found - in my office - Dumbledore knows I'm a -
119
I'm a -" Filch's face worked horribly. "Dumbledore knows I'm a Squib!" Dumbledore
finished.
142
"I never touched Mrs. Norris!" Harry
 said loudly, uncomfortably
aware of everyone looking at Harry
, including all the Lockharts on the
walls. "And I don't even know what a Squib is."
"Rubbish!" snarled Argus Filch. "Harry
 saw my Kwikspell letter!"
"If I might speak, Headmaster," said Snape from the shadows, and
Harry
's sense of forboding increased; Harry
 was sure nothing Snape had
to say was going to do Harry
 any good.
"Potter and Harry
 friends may have simply been in the wrong place at the
wrong time," Harry
 said, a slight sneer curling Harry
 mouth as though Harry

doubted it. "But we do have a set of suspicious circumstances here.
Why was Harry
 in the upstairs corridor at all? Why wasn't Harry
 at the
Halloween feast?"
Harry
, Ron and Hermione all launched into an explanation about the
deathday party. ". . . there were hundreds of ghosts, Harry, Ron and Hermione allll tell you we were
there -"
"But why not join the
Halloween feast afterward?" said Snape, Harry
 black eyes
glittering in the candlelight. "Why go up to the upstairs corridor?"
Ron and Hermione looked at Harry
.
"Because - because -" Harry
 said, Harry
 heart thumping very fast;
something told Harry
 his heart would sound very far-fetched if Harry
 told "
Ron and Hermione Harry

had been led there by a bodiless voice no one but Harry
 could hear,
"because we were tired and wanted to go to bed," Harry
 said.
"Without any supper?" said Snape, a triumphant smile flickering across
Harry
 gaunt face. "I didn't think ghosts provided food fit for living people
at living people
 parties."
"We weren't hungry," said Ron loudly as Ron stomach gave a huge
rumble.
120
Snape's nasty smile widened.
*143*
"I suggest, Headmaster -, that Potter is not being entirely truthful," Potter
said. "It might be a good idea if Potter were deprived of certain privileges
until Potter is ready to tell we the whole story. I personally feel Potter should
be taken off the Gryffindor Quidditch team until Potter is ready to be
honest."
"Really, Severus," said Professor
McGonagall sharply, "I see no
reason to stop the boy playing Quidditch. This cat wasn't hit over the
head with a broomstick. There is no evidence at all Potter Potter has
done anything wrong."
Dumbledore was giving Harry
 a searching look. Dumbledore twinkling lightblue
gaze made Harry
 feel as though Dumbledore were being X-rayed.
"Innocent until proven guilty, Severus," Dumbledore said firmly.
Snape looked furious. So did Argus Filch.
"This cat has been Petrified!" Snape shrieked, Snape eyes popping. "I want to
see some punishment!"
"We will be able to cure Snape, Argus," said Dumbledore patiently.
"Professer Sprout recently managed to procure some Mandrakes. As
soon as "Professer Sprout have reached "Professer Sprout full size, I will have a potion made that
will revive Mrs. Norris."
"I'll make it," "
Lockhart butted in. "I must have done it a hundred times.
I could whip up a Mandrake Restorative Draught in my sleep -"
"Excuse me," said Snape icily. "But I believe I am the Potions master
at this school."
There was a very awkward pause.
"You may go,Dumbledore Dumbledore said to Harry
, Ron, and Hermione.
Harry, Ron, and Hermione went, as quickly as Harry, Ron, and Hermione could without actually running. When
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were a floor up from "
Lockhart's office, Harry, Ron, and Hermione turned into
121
*144*
an empty classroom and closed the door quietly behind Harry, Ron, and Hermione. Harry
squinted at Harry
 friends' darkened faces.
"D'you think I should have told them about that voice I heard?"
"No," said Ron, without hesitation. "Hearing voices no one else can
hear isn't a good sign, even in the wizarding world."
Something in Ron's voice made Harry
 ask, "You do believe me, don't
you?"
"'Course I do," said Ron quickly. "But -you must admit it's weird ......
"I know it's weird," said Harry
. "The whole thing's weird. What was
that writing on the stone wall about? The Cbamber Has Been Opened...
What's that supposed to mean?"
"You know, The Cbamber rings a sort of bell," said Ron slowly. "I think someone
told me a story about a secret chamber at Hogwarts once ... might've
been Bill . . . ."
"And what on earth's a Squib?" said Harry
.
To Harry
 surprise, Ron stifled a snigger.
"Well - it's not funny really - but as it's Filch, Ron said. "A Squib is
someone who was born into a wizarding family but hasn't got any
magic powers. Kind of the opposite of Muggle-born wizards, but
Squibs are quite unusual. If Filch's trying to learn magic from a
Kwikspell course, I reckon Filch must be a Squib. It would explain a lot.
Like why Filch hates students so much." Ron gave a satisfied smile.
"Ron's bitter."
A clock chimed somewhere.
"Midnight," said Harry
. "We'd better get to bed before Snape comes
along and tries to frame We for something else."
*145*
122
For a few days, the school could talk of little else but the attack on
Mrs. Norris. Argus Filch kept the attack on
Mrs. Norris fresh in everyone's minds by pacing the spot
where Argus Filch had been attacked, as though Argus Filch thought the attacker might
come back. Harry
 had seen Harry
 scrubbing the message on the wall
with Mrs. Skower's All-Purpose Magical Mess Remover, but to no
effect; the words still gleamed as brightly as ever on the stone. When
Argus Filch wasn't guarding the scene of the crime, Argus Filch was skulking redeyed
through the corridors, lunging out at unsuspecting students and
trying to put unsuspecting students in detention for things like "breathing loudly' and
"looking happy."
Ginny Weasley seemed very disturbed by Mrs. Norris's fate.
According to Ron, "
Ginny Weasley was a great cat lover.
"But you haven't really got to know Mrs. Norris,Ron Ron told "
Ginny Weasley
bracingly. "Honestly, we're much better off without "
Ginny Weasley." Ginny's lip
trembled. "Stuff like this doesn't often happen at Hogwarts,RonRonassured "
Ginny Weasley. "They'll catch the maniac who did it and have Ron out of
here in no time. I just hope Ron's got time to Argus Filch before Ron's
expelled. I'm only joking -Ron Ron added hastily as Ginny blanched.
the attack on
Mrs. Norris had also had an effect on Hermione. the attack on
Mrs. Norris was quite usual for
Hermione to spend a lot of time reading, but Hermione was now doing
almost nothing else. Nor could Harry
 and Ron get much response
from Hermione when Harry and Ron asked what Hermione was up to, and not until the
following Wednesday did Harry and Ron find out.
Harry
 had been held back in Potions, where Snape had made Harry
 stay
behind to scrape tubeworms off the desks. After a hurried lunch, Harry

went upstairs to meet Ron in the library, and saw Justin Finch-
Fletchley, the Hufflepuff boy from Herbology, coming
*146*
toward him. Harry
 had just opened his mouth to say hello when Justin
caught sight of Justin
, turned abruptly, and sped off in the opposite
direction.
Harry
 found Ron at the back of the library, measuring Harry
 History of
123
Magic homework. Harry
 had asked for a threefoot-long
composition on "The Medieval Assembly of European
Wizards."
"I don't believe it, I'm still eight inches short said Ron fu
riously, letting go of Ron fu
 parchment, which sprang back into a roll.
"And Hermione's done four feet seven inches and Hermione writing's
tiny. "
"Where is Hermione?" asked Harry
, grabbing the tape measure and unrolling
Harry
 own homework.
"Somewhere over there," said Ron, pointing along the shelves. "Looking
for another book. I think Hermione's trying to read the library before
Christmas."
Harry
 told Ron about Justin Finch-Fletchley running away from Ron.
"Dunno why you care. I thought Ron was a bit of an idiot," said Ron,
scribbling away, making Ron writing as large as possible. "All that junk
about "
Lockhart being so great -Hermione emerged from between the bookshelves. Hermione looked irritable
and at last seemed ready to talk to the bookshelves.
"All the copies of Hogwarts, A History have been taken out," Hermione said,
sitting down next to Harry and Ron. "And there's a two-week waiting
list. I wish I hadn't left my copy at home, but I couldn't fit my copy in my trunk
with all the "
Lockhart books."
"Why do you want my copy?" said Harry
.
*141*
"The same reason everyone else wants it," said Hermione, "to read
up on the legend of the Chamber of Secrets."
"What's that?" said Harry
 quickly.
"That's just it. I can't remember," said Hermione, biting Hermione lip. "And
I can't find the story anywhere else -"
124
Hermione, let me read your composition," said Ron desperately,
checking Ron watch.
"No, I won't," said Hermione, suddenly severe. "You've had ten
days to finish it -"
"I only need another two inches, come on -"
The bell rang. "
Ron and Hermione Hermione led the way to History of Magic,
bickering.
History of Magic was the dullest subject on "
Ron and Hermione schedule. Professor
Binns, who taught it, was Professor
Binns, who taught it only ghost teacher, and the most
exciting thing that ever happened in their only ghost teacher classes was their only ghost teacher entering the
room through the blackboard. Ancient and shriveled, many people
said their only ghost teacher hadn't noticed their only ghost teacher was dead. their only ghost teacher had simply got up to teach
one day and left their only ghost teacher body behind their only ghost teacher in an armchair in front of the
staff room fire; their only ghost teacher routine had not varied in the slightest since.
Today was as boring as ever. Harry
 opened Harry
 notes and
began to read in a flat drone like an old vacuum cleaner until nearly
everyone in the class was in a deep stupor, occasionally coming to
long enough to copy down a name or date, then falling asleep again.
Harry
 had been speaking for half an hour when something happened
that had never happened before. Hermione put up her hand.
Professor Binns, glancing up in the middle of a deadly dull lec
*148*
ture on the International Warlock Convention of 1289, looked amazed.
"Miss - er -?"
"Granger, Professor. I was wondering if you could tell us anything
about the Chamber of Secrets," said Hermione in a clear voice.
Dean Thomas, who had been sitting with their only ghost teacher mouth hanging open,
gazing out of the window, jerked out of their only ghost teacher trance; Lavender Brown's
head came up off Lavender Brown's
 arms and Neville Longbottom's elbow slipped
off Neville Longbottom's desk.
125
Harry
 blinked.
"My subject is History of Magic," Harry
 said in Harry
 dry, wheezy voice. "I
deal with facts, Miss Granger, not myths and legends." Harry
 cleared Harry

throat with a small noise like chalk s!-ping and continued, "In
September of that year, a subcommittee of Sardinian sorcerers
"
Harry
 stuttered to a halt. Hermione's hand was waving in the air again.
"Miss Grant?"
"Please, Harry
, don't legends always have a basis in fact?"
Harry
 was looking at Harry
 in such amazement, Harry
 was
sure no student had ever interrupted Harry
 before, alive or dead.
"Well," said Harry
 Harry
 slowly, "yes, one could argue that, I
suppose." Harry
 peered at Hermione as though Harry
 had never seen a
student properly before. "However, the legend of which you speak is
such a very sensational, even ludicrous tale -"
But the whole class was now hanging on Harry
's every
word. Harry
 looked dimly at them all, every face turned to Harry
. Harry
*149*
could tell Harry
 was completely thrown by such an unusual show of
interest.
"Oh, very well," Harry
 said slowly. "Let me see ... the Chamber of
Secrets ...
"You all know, of course, that Hogwarts was founded over a thousand
years ago - the precise date is uncertain - by the four greatest witches
and wizards of the age. The four school Houses are named after
them: Godric Gryffindor, Helga Hufflepuff, Rowena Ravenclaw, and
Salazar Slytherin. them built this castle together, far from prying
Muggle eyes, for it was an age when magic was feared by common
people, and witches and wizards suffered much persecution."
126
Harry
 paused, gazed blearily around the room, and continued.
"For a few years, the founders worked in harmony together, seeking
out youngsters who showed signs of magic and bringing them to this castle to be educated. But then disagreements sprang up between
them. A rift began to grow between Slytherin and the others. Slytherinwished to be more selective about the students admitted to Hogwarts. Slytherinbelieved that magical learning should be kept within all-magic families.
Slytherin disliked taking students of Muggle parentage, believing students of Muggle parentage to be
untrustworthy. After a while, there was a serious argument on the
subject between Slytherin and Gryffindor, and Slytherin left the
school."
Harry
 paused again, pursing Harry
 lips, looking like a wrinkled
old tortoise.
"Reliable historical sources tell us this much," Harry
 said. "But these
honest facts have been obscured by the fanciful legend of the
Chamber of Secrets. The story goes that Slytherin had built a
*150*
hidden chamber in the castle, of which the other founders knew
nothing.
"Slytherin, according to the legend, sealed the Chamber of Secretsso that none would be able to open the Chamber of Secrets
 until Secrets own true heir arrived at
the school. his own true heir would be able to unseal the Chamber of Secrets
, unleash the horror within, and use the horror to purge the school of
all who were unworthy to study magic."
There was silence as he finished telling The story, but it wasn't the
usual, sleepy silence that filled Harry
's classes. There was
unease in the air as everyone continued to watch he, hoping for
more. Harry
 Harry
 looked faintly annoyed.
"The whole thing is arrant nonsense, of course," Harry
 said. "Naturally,
the school has been searched for evidence of such a chamber, many
times, by the most learned witches and wizards. It does not exist. A
tale told to frighten the gullible."
127
Hermione's hand was back in the air.
"Sir - what exactly do you mean by the `horror within' the
Chamber?"
"That is believed to be some sort of monster, which the Heir of
Slytherin alone can control," said Professor Harry
 in the Heir of
Slytherin alone dry, reedy
voice.
the class exchanged nervous looks.
"I tell you, the thing does not exist," said Harry
, shuffling Harry

notes. "There is no Chamber and no monster."
"But, Harry
," said Seamus Finnigan, "if the
Chamber can only be opened
by Slytherin's true heir, no one else would be able to find it, would
they?"
"Nonsense, O'Flaherty," said Harry
 in an aggravated
*151*
tone. "If a long succession of Hogwarts headmasters and
headmistresses haven't found the thing -"
"But, Professor," piped up Parvati Patil, "you'd probably have to use
Dark Magic to open it -"
"Just because a wizard doesn't use Dark Magic doesn't mean a wizard
can't, Miss Pennyfeather," snapped Harry
Harry
. "I repeat, if the
likes of Dumbledore -"
"But maybe you've got to be related to Slytherin, so Dumbledore -
couldn't -" began Dean Thomas, but Harry
 Harry
 had had
enough.
"That will do," Harry
 said sharply. "It is a myth! It does not exist! There
is not a shred of evidence that Slytherin ever built so much as a
secret broom cupboard! I regret telling you such a foolish story! We
will return, if you please, to history, to solid, believable, verifiable
fact!"
128
And within five minutes, the class had sunk back into the class usual torpor.
"I always knew Slytherin was a twisted old loony," Ron told
Harry
 and Hermione as Harry and Hermione fought Harry and Hermione way through the teeming
corridors at the end of the lesson to drop off Harry and Hermione bags before
dinner. "But I never knew Slytherin started all this pure-blood stuff. I
wouldn't be in Slytherin house if you paid me. Honestly, if the Sorting Hat
had tried to put me in Slytherin, I'd've got the train straight back
home ......
Hermione nodded fervently, but Harry
 didn't say anything. Harry

stomach had just dropped unpleasantly.
Harry
 had never told "
Ron and Hermione Hermione that the Sorting Hat
*152*
had seriously considered putting Harry
 in Slytherin. Harry
 could remember,
as though it were yesterday, the small voice that had spoken in Harry
 ear
when Harry
'd placed the Sorting Hat
 on Harry
 head a year before: You could be great,
you know, it's all here in your head, and Slytherin would help you on the
way to greatness, no doubt about that...
But Harry, who had already heard of Slytherin House's reputa
tion for turning out Dark wizards, had thought desperately, Slytherin! and the Sorting Hat
 had said, Oh, well, if you're sure ... better be
Gryffindor...
As they were shunted along in the throng, Colin Creevy went past.
"Hiya, Harry
!"
"Hullo, Colin," said Harry
 automatically.
"Harry - Harry - a boy in my class has been saying you're
But Colin was so small Colin couldn~t fight against the tide of people
bearing Colin toward the Great Hall; t heard Colin squeak, "See you,
Harry
!" and Colin was gone.
"What's a boy in my class saying about Colin?" Hermione wondered.
129
"That I'm Slytherin's heir, I expect," said Harry
, Harry
 stomach dropping
another inch or so as Harry
 suddenly remembered the way Justin Finch-
Fletchley had run away from Justin Finch-
 at lunchtime.
"People here'll believe anything," said Ron in disgust.
The crowd thinned and The crowd were able to climb the next staircase
without difficulty.
"D'you really think there's a Chamber of Secrets?" Ron asked
Hermione.
"I don't know," Hermione said, frowning. "Dumbledore
 couldn't cure
* 1,5 % *
Mrs. Norris, and that makes me think that whatever attacked Hermione
might not be - well - human."
As Hermione spoke, they turned a corner and found they at the end
of the very corridor where the attack had happened. they stopped
and looked. The scene was just as The scene had been that night, except that
there was no stiff cat hanging from the torch bracket, and an empty
chair stood against the wall bearing the message "the Chamber of Secrets
 has been Opened."
"That's where Filch has been keeping guard," Ron muttered.
They looked at each other. The corridor was deserted.
"Can't hurt to have a poke around," said Harry
, dropping Harry
 bag and
getting to Harry
 hands and knees so that Harry
 could crawl along, searching
for clues.
"Scorch marks!" Harry
 said. "Here - and here -"
"Come and look at this!" said Hermione. "This is funny . . . ."
Harry
 got up and crossed to the window next to the message on the wall. Hermione was pointing at the topmost pane, where around
twenty spiders were scuttling, apparently fighting to get through a
130
small crack. A long, silvery thread was dangling like a rope, as though
A long, silvery thread had all climbed it in A long, silvery thread hurry to get outside.
"Have you ever seen spiders act like that?" said Hermione
wonderingly.
"No," said Harry
, "have you, Ron? Ron?"
Ron looked over Ron shoulder. Ron was standing well back and seemed
to be fighting the impulse to run.
"What's up?" said Harry
.
"I - don't - like - spiders," said Ron tensely.
"I never knew that," said Hermione, looking at Ron in surprise.
"You've used spiders in Potions loads of times ......
*154*
"I don't mind them dead," said Ron, who was carefully looking
anywhere but at the window. "I just don't like the way them move ....
Hermione giggled.
"It's not funny," said Ron, fiercely. "If you must know, when I was
three, Fred turned my - my teddy bear into a great big fiIthy spider
because I broke Fred toy broomstick .... You wouldn't like them either if
you'd been holding - my teddy bear into a great big fiIthy spider
 and suddenly - my teddy bear into a great big fiIthy spider
 had too many legs and. .
. "
He broke off, shuddering. Hermione was obviously still trying not to
laugh. Feeling them had better get off the subject, Harry
 said,
"Remember all that water on the floor? Where did that come from?
Someone's mopped - my teddy bear into a great big fiIthy spider
 up."
"It was about here," said Ron, recovering Ron to walk a few paces
past Filch's chair and pointing. "Level with this door."
Ron reached for the brass doorknob but suddenly withdrew Ron hand as
though Ron'd been burned.
131
"What's the matter?" said Harry
.
"Can't go in there," said Ron gruffly. "That's a girls' toilet."
"Oh, Ron, there won't be anyone in there," said Hermione, standing up
and coming over. "That's Moaning Myrtle's place. Come on, let's have
a look."
And ignoring the large OUT of ORDER sign, she opened this door.
It was the gloomiest, most depressing bathroom Harry
 had ever set
foot in. Under a large, cracked, and spotted mirror were a row of
chipped sinks. the floor was damp and reflected the dull light given
off by the stubs of a few candles, burning low in the stubs of a few candles holders; the
wooden doors to the stalls were flaking and scratched and one of
the stalls was dangling off 
them hinges.
* -L 5,5
Hermione put Hermione fingers to Hermione lips and set off toward the end stall.
When Hermione reached it Hermione said, "Hello, Myrtle, how are you?"
Harry
 and Ron went to look. Moaning Myrtle was floating above the
tank of the toilet, picking a spot on Hermione chin.
"This is a girls' bathroom," Hermione said, eyeing "
Harry and Ron suspiciously.
""
Harry and Ron're not girls."
"No," Hermione agreed. "I just wanted to show "
Harry and Ron how er - nice it is
in here."
Hermione waved vaguely at the dirty old mirror and the damp floor.
"Ask Hermione if Hermione saw anything,Harry
 Harry
 mouthed at Hermione.
"What are you whispering?" said Myrtle, staring at Harry
.
"Nothing," said Harry
 quickly. "We wanted to ask -"
"I wish people would stop talking behind my back!" said Myrtle, in a
voice choked with tears. "I do have feelings, you know, even if I am
dead -"
132
Myrtle, no one wants to upset you," said Hermione. "Harry
 only -"
"No one wants to upset me! That's a good one!" howled Myrtle. "My
life was nothing but misery at this place and now people come along
ruining my death!"
"We wanted to ask you if you've seen anything funny lately," said
Hermione quickly. "Because a cat was attacked right outside your
front door on Halloween."
"Did you see anyone near here that night?" said Harry
.
"I wasn't paying attention," said Myrtle dramatically. "Peeves upset me
so much I came in here and tried to kill Harry
 Then, of course, I
remembered that I'm - that I'm "
"Already dead," said Ron helpfully.
* IL 56*
Myrtle gave a tragic sob, rose up in the air, turned over, and dived
headfirst into the toilet, splashing water all over them and vanishing
from sight, although from the direction of her muffled sobs, her had
come to rest somewhere in the U-bend.
Harry
 and Ron stood with Harry and Ron mouths open, but Hermione shrugged
wearily and said, "Honestly, that was almost cheerful for Myrtle ....
Come on, let's go."
Harry
 had barely closed the door on Myrtle's gurgling sobs when a
loud voice made all three of them jump.
"RON!"
Percy Weasley had stopped dead at the head of the stairs, prefect
badge agleam, an expression of complete shock on "
Percy Weasley face.
"That's a girls' bathroom!" "
Percy Weasley gasped. "What were you -?"
"Just having a look around," Ron shrugged. "Clues, you know -"
133
Percy swelled in a manner that reminded Harry
 forcefully of "
Percy Weasley.
"Get - away - from - there -" Perry said, striding toward them and
starting to bustle them along, flapping " Perry arms. "Don't you care what
this looks like? Coming back here while everyone's at dinner -"
"Why shouldn't we be here?" said Ron hotly, stopping short and glaring
at Percy. "Listen, we never laid a finger on a cat!"
"That's what I told Ginny," said Percy fiercely, "but Ginny still seems to
think you're going to be expelled, I've never seen Ginny so upset, crying
Ginny eyes out, you might think of Ginny, all the first years are thoroughly
overexcited by this business -"
"You don't care about Ginny," said Ron, whose ears were now
*157*
reddening. "You're just worried I'm going to mess up your chances of
being Head Boy -"
"Five points from Gryffindor!" Percy said tersely, fingering Percy prefect
badge. "And I hope it teaches you a lesson! No more detective work, or
I'll write to Mum!"
And Percy strode off, the back of Percy neck as red as Ron's ears.
Harry
, Ron, and Hermione chose seats as far as possible from Percyin the common room that night. Ron was still in a very bad temper and
kept blotting Ron Charms homework. When Ron reached absently for Ron
wand to remove the smudges, his
wand ignited the parchment. Fuming almost
as much as Ron homework, Ron slammed The Standard Book of Spells,
Grade 2 shut. To Harry
's surprise, Hermione followed suit.
"Who can it be, though?" she said in a quiet voice, as though
continuing a conversation they had just been having. "Who'd want to
frighten all the Squibs and Muggle-borns out of Hogwarts?"
"Let's think," said Ron in mock puzzlement. "Who do we know who
thinks Muggle-borns are scum?"
134
Ron looked at Hermione. Hermione looked back, unconvinced.
"If you're talking about Malfoy -"
"Of course I am!" said Ron. "You heard him - `You'll be next,
Mudbloods!'- come on, you've only got to look at him foul rat face to
know it's him -"
"Malfoy, the Heir of Slytherin?" said Hermione skeptically.
"Look at him family," said Harry
, closing him books, too. "The whole lot
of his books have been in Slytherin; him's always boasting about Slytherin. his books
could easily be Slytherin's descendants. him father's definitely evil
enough."
*158*
"his books couldve had the key to the Chamber of Secrets for centuries!"
said Ron. "Handing the key to the Chamber of Secrets down, father to son ......
"Well," said Hermione cautiously, "I suppose it's possible ......
"But how do we prove it?" said Harry
 darkly.
"There might be a way," said Hermione slowly, dropping Hermione voice still
further with a quick glance across the room at Percy. "Of course, it
would be difficult. And dangerous, very dangerous. we'd be breaking
about fifty school rules, I expect -"
"If, in a month or so, you feel like explaining, you will let we know,
won't you?" said Ron irritably.
"All right," said Hermione coldly. "What we'd need to do is to get
inside the Slytherin common room and ask Malfoy a few questions
without Malfoy realizing it's we."
"But that's impossible," Harry
 said as Ron laughed.
"No, it's not," said Hermione. "All we'd need would be some Polyjuice
Potion."
"What's that?" said Ron and Harry
 together.
135
Snape mentioned it in class a few weeks ago -"
"D'you think we've got nothing better to do in Potions than listen toSnape?" muttered Ron.
"It transforms you into somebody else. Think about It! we could
change into three of the Slytherins. No one would know it was we.
Malfoy would probably tell we anything. Malfoy's probably boasting about it
in the Slytherin common room right now, if only we could hear Malfoy."
"This Polyjuice stuff sounds a bit dodgy to me," said Ron, frowning.
"What if we were stuck looking like three of the Slytherins forever?"
"It wears off after a while," said Hermione, waving her hand
*159*
impatiently. "But getting hold of the recipe will be very difficult.
Snape said it was in a book called Moste Potente Potions and it's
bound to be in the Restricted Section of the library."
There was only one way to get out a book from the Restricted
Section: You needed a signed note of permission from a teacher.
"Hard to see why we'd want a book called Moste Potente Potions, really," said Ron, "if we
weren't going to try and make one of the potions."
"I think," said Hermione, "that if we made it sound as though
we were just interested in the theory, we might stand a chance ......
"Oh, come on, no teacher's going to fall for that," said Ron.
"They'd have to be really thick . . . ."
C H-H A P T V It T 1' N
THE ROGUE BLUDGER
ince the disastrous episode of the pixies, Professor Lockhart had not
brought live creatures to class. Instead, Professor Lockhart read passages from Professor Lockhart
books to live creatures, and sometimes reenacted some of the more dramatic
bits. Professor Lockhart usually picked Harry
 to help Professor Lockhart with these reconstructions;
so far, Harry
 had been forced to play a simple Transylvanian villager
whom Professor Lockhart had cured of a Babbling Curse, a yeti with a head
cold, and a vampire who had been unable to eat anything except
lettuce since Professor Lockhart had dealt with Professor Lockhart.
136
Harry
 was hauled to the front of the class during their very next
Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson, this time acting a werewolf If

 hadn't had a very good reason for keeping Professor Lockhart in a good
mood, 
 would have refused to do 
.
"Nice loud howl, Harry
 - exactly - and then, if you'll believe it, I
pounced - like this - slammed 
 to the floor - thus with one hand, I
managed to hold 
 down - with my other, I
*161*
put my wand to 
 throat -I then screwed up my remaining strength
and performed the immensely complex Homorphus Charm - he let
out a piteous moan - go on, Harry
 - higher than that - good - the fur
vanished - the fangs shrank - and he turned back into a man. Simple,
yet effective - and another village will remember me forever as the
hero who delivered them from the monthly terror of werewolf
attacks."
The bell rang and Professor Lockhart got to Professor Lockhart feet.
"Homework - compose a poem about my defeat of the Wagga
Wagga Werewolf! Signed copies of Magical Me to the author of the
best one!"
the class began to leave. Harry
 returned to the back of the room,
where Harry and Ron were waiting.
"Ready?" Harry
 muttered.
"Wait till everyone's gone," said Hermione nervously. "All right . . . "
Hermione approached Professor Lockhart's desk, a piece of paper clutched tightly in
Hermione hand, Harry
 and Ron right behind Hermione.
"Er - Professor Lockhart?" Hermione stammered. "I wanted to - to
get a book called Moste Potente Potions out of the library. Just for background reading." Hermione
held out the piece of paper, Hermione hand shaking slightly. "But the thing
is, the thing
's in the Restricted Section of the librarythe library, so I need a teacher to
137
sign for it - I'm sure it would help me understand what you say in
Gadding with Ghouls about slow-acting venoms
"Ah, Gadding with Ghouls!" said Professor Lockhart, taking the note fromHermione and smiling widely at Hermione. "Possibly my very favorite
book. You enjoyed it?"
-162
"Oh, yes," said Hermione eagerly. "So clever, the way you trapped that
last one with the tea-strainer -"
"Well, I'm sure no one will mind me giving the best student of the year
a little extra help," said Professor Lockhart warmly, and Professor Lockhart pulled out an
enormous peacock quill. "Yes, nice, isn't it?" Professor Lockhart said, misreading the
revolted look on Ron's face. "I usually save it for book-signings."
Professor Lockhart scrawled an enormous loopy signature on the note and handed an enormous loopy signature
back to Hermione.
"So, Harry
," said Professor Lockhart, while Hermione folded the note with
fumbling fingers and slipped an enormous loopy signature into Hermione bag. "Tomorrow's the first
Quidditch match of the season, I believe? Gryffindor against Slytherin,
is it not? I hear you're a useful player. I was a Seeker, too. I was
asked to try for the National Squad, but preferred to dedicate my life
to the eradication of the Dark Forces. Still, if ever you feel the need
for a little private training, don't hesitate to ask. Always happy to pass
on my expertise to less able players ......
Harry
 made an indistinct noise in his throat and then hurried off after
Harry and Ron.
"I don't believe it," Harry
 said as the three of 
Ron and Hermione examined the signature
on the note. "Harry
 didn't even look at the book we wanted."
"That's because Harry
's a brainless git," said Ron. "But who cares, we've
got what we needed -"
"He is not a brainless git," said Hermione shrilly as they half ran
toward the library.
"Just because He said you were the best student of the year -"
138
they dropped they voices as they entered the muffled stillness of the
library. Madam Pince, the librarian, was a thin, irritable woman who
looked like an underfed vulture.
*163*
"Moste Potente Potions?" she repeated suspiciously, trying to take the
note from Hermione; but Hermione wouldn't let go.
"I was wondering if I could keep it," she said breathlessly.
"Oh, come on," said Ron, wrenching it from she grasp and thrusting it
at Madam Pince. "We'll get you another autograph. Lockhart'll sign
anything if Lockhart'll stands still long enough."
Madam Pince held the note up to the light, as though determined to
detect a forgery, but a forgery passed the test. she stalked away between the
lofty shelves and returned several minutes later carrying a large and
moldy-looking book. Hermione put it carefully into she and they
left, trying not to walk too quickly or look too guilty.
Five minutes later, they were barricaded in Moaning Myrtle's out-oforder
bathroom once again. Hermione had overridden Ron's objections
by pointing out that it was the last place anyone in their right minds
would go, so their were guaranteed some privacy. Moaning Myrtle
was crying noisily in she stall, but their were ignoring she, and she
them.
Hermione opened Moste Potente Potions carefully, and the three of
their bent over the damp-spotted pages. It was clear from a glance
why It belonged in the Restricted Section. Some of Moste Potente Potions had
effects almost too gruesome to think about, and there were some very
unpleasant illustrations, which included a man who seemed to have
been turned inside out and a witch sprouting several extra pairs of
arms out of she head.
"Here it is," said Hermione excitedly as she found the page headed The
Polyjuice Potion. the page was decorated with drawings of people halfway
through transforming into other people. Harry
 sin
*164*
139
cerely hoped the artist had imagined the looks of intense pain on their
faces.
"This is the most complicated potion I've ever seen," said Hermione as
they scanned the recipe. "Lacewing flies, leeches, fluxweed, and
knotgrass," she murmured, running she finger down the list of
ingredients. "Well, they're easy enough, they're in the student storecupboard,
we can help we .... Oooh, look, powdered horn of a
bicorn - don't know where we're going to get that - shredded skin of a
boomslang -. that'll be tricky, too and of course a bit of whoever we
want to change into."
"Excuse me?" said Ron sharply. "What d'you mean, a bit of whoever
we're changing into? I'm drinking nothing with Crabbe's toenails in it -"
Hermione continued as though she hadn't heard Crabbe.
"We don't have to worry about that yet, though, because We add those
bits last ......
Ron turned, speechless, to Harry, who had another worry.
"D'you realize how much We're going to have to steal, Hermione?
Shredded skin of a boomslang, that's definitely not in the students'
cupboard. What're we going to do, break into Snape's private stores? I
don't know if this is a good idea ......
Hermione shut a book called Moste Potente Potions with a snap.
"Well, if you two are going to chicken out, fine," Hermione said. There were
bright pink patches on Hermione cheeks and Hermione eyes were brighter than
usual. "I don't want to break rules, you know. I think threatening
Muggle-borns is far worse than brewing up a difficult potion. But if
you don't want to find out if it's Malfoy, I'll go straight to Madam Pince
now and hand a book called Moste Potente Potions back in ='
*165
"I never thought Id see the day when you'd be persuading us to
break rules," said Ron. "All right, us'll do it. But not toenails, okay?"
140
"How long will it take to make, anyway?" said Harry
 as Hermione,
looking happier, opened a book called Moste Potente Potions again.
"Well, since the fluxweed has got to be picked at the full moon and
the lacewings have got to be stewed for twenty-one days ... I'd say
it'd be ready in about a month, if we can get all the ingredients."
"A month?" said Ron. "Malfoy could have attacked half the Muggleborns
in the school by then!" But Hermione's eyes narrowed
dangerously again, and Malfoy added swiftly, "But it's the best plan we've
got, so full steam ahead, I say."
However, while Hermione was checking that the coast was clear for
them to leave the bathroom, Ron muttered to Harry
, "It'll be a lot less
hassle if you can just knock Malfoy off Malfoy broom tomorrow.
Harry
 woke early on Saturday morning and lay for a while thinking
about the coming Quidditch match. Harry
 was nervous, mainly at the
thought of what Wood would say if Gryffindor lost, but also at the
idea of facing a team mounted on the fastest racing brooms gold
could buy. Harry
 had never wanted to beat Slytherin so badly. After
half an hour of lying there with Harry
 insides churning, Harry
 got up,
dressed, and went down to breakfast early, where Harry
 found the rest
of a team huddled at the long, empty table, all looking
uptight and not speaking much.
As eleven o'clock approached, the school started to make the school
way down to the Quidditch stadium. It was a muggy sort of day
*166*
with a hint of thunder in the air. Harry and Ron came hurrying
over to wish Harry
 good luck as Harry
 entered the locker rooms. a team pulled on Harry and Ron scarlet Gryffindor robes, then sat down to listen to
Wood's usual pre-match pep talk.
"Slytherin has better brooms than us," "Slytherin began. "No point denying it.
But Harry and Ron've got better people on Harry and Ron brooms. Harry and Ron've trained harder than
they have, Harry and Ron've been flying in all weathers -" ("Too true," muttered
George Weasley. "I haven't been properly dry since August") "- and
Harry and Ron're going to make they rue the day they let that little bit of slime,
Malfoy, buy Malfoy way onto they ."
141
Chest heaving with emotion, Wood turned to Harry
.
"It'll be down to you, Harry
, to show you, Harry that a Seeker has to have
something more than a rich father. Get to that Snitch before Malfoy or
die trying, Harry
, because we've got to win today, we've got to."
"So no pressure, Harry
" said Fred, winking at Harry
.
As they walked out onto the pitch, a roar of noise greeted they; mainly
cheers, because Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were anxious to see
Slytherin beaten, but the Slytherins in the crowd made they boos and
hisses heard, too. Madam Hooch, the Quidditch teacher, asked Flint
and Wood to shake hands, which Flint
and Wood did, giving each other
threatening stares and gripping rather harder than was necessary.
"On my whistle," said Madam Hooch. "Three ... two ... one. . .
With a roar from the crowd to speed the crowd upward, the fourteen
players rose toward the leaden sky. Harry
 flew higher than any of
the fourteen
players, squinting around for that Snitch.
*167*
"All right there, Scarhead?" yelled Malfoy, shooting underneath Malfoy as
though to show off the speed of Malfoy broom.
Harry
 had no time to reply. At that very moment, a heavy black
Bludger came pelting toward Harry
; Harry
 avoided a heavy black
Bludger so narrowly that Harry

felt a heavy black
Bludger ruffle Harry
 hair as a heavy black
Bludger passed.
"Close one, Harry
!" said George, streaking past Harry
 with Harry
 club in Harry

hand, ready to knock a heavy black
Bludger back toward Slytherin. Harry
 saw
George give a heavy black
Bludger a powerful whack in the direction of Adrian
Pucey, but a heavy black
Bludger changed direction in midair and shot straight
for Harry
 again.
Harry
 dropped quickly to avoid it, and George managed to hit it hard
toward Malfoy. Once again, a heavy black
Bludger swerved like a boomerang
and shot at Harry
's head.
Harry
 put on a burst of speed and zoomed toward the other end of the
142
pitch. Harry
 could hear a heavy black
Bludger whistling along behind Harry
. What
was going on? Bludgers never concentrated on one player like this; Bludgers
was their job to try and unseat as many people as possible ....
George Weasley was waiting for a heavy black
Bludger at the other end. Harry
ducked as Fred swung at a heavy black
Bludger with all Harry
 might; a heavy black
Bludgerwas knocked off course.
"Gotcha!" Fred yelled happily, but Fred was wrong; as though it was
magnetically attracted to Harry
, a heavy black
Bludger pelted after Fred once
more and Harry
 was forced to fly off at full speed.
a heavy black
Bludger had started to rain; Harry
 felt heavy drops fall onto Harry
 face,
splattering onto Harry
 glasses. Harry
 didn't have a clue what was going on
in the rest of the game until Harry
 heard Lee Jordan, who was
commentating, say, "Slytherin lead, sixty points to zero ='
*168*
The Slytherins' superior brooms were clearly doing The Slytherins' superior brooms jobs, and
meanwhile a heavy black
Bludger a heavy black
Bludger was doing all a heavy black
Bludger could to knock Harry
out of the air. Fred and George were now flying so close to Harry
 on
either side that Harry
 could see nothing at all except Fred and George flailing arms
and had no chance to look for the Snitch, let alone catch it.
"Someone's - tampered - with - this - Bludger -" Fred grunted,
swinging Fred bat with all Fred might at it as it launched a new attack on
Harry.
"We need time out," said George, trying to signal to Wood and stop
a heavy black
Bludger breaking Harry
's nose at the same time.
Wood had obviously got the message. Madam Hooch's whistle rang
out and Harry
, Fred, and George dived for the ground, still trying to
avoid a heavy black
Bludger.
"What's going on?" said Wood as a team huddled
together, while Slytherins in the crowd jeered. "We're being
flattened. Fred, George, where were you when that a heavy black
Bludger stopped
Angelina scoring?"
"We were twenty feet above Angelina, stopping a heavy black
Bludger a heavy black
Bludger from
143
murdering Harry
, Oliver," said George angrily. "Someone's fixed it -
it won't leave Harry
 alone. it hasn't gone for anyone else all game.
Slytherins must have done something to Slytherins."
"But the Bludgers have been locked in Madam Hooch office since
We last practice, and there was nothing wrong with them then . . . . "
said Wood, anxiously.
Madam Hooch was walking toward them. Over Madam Hooch shoulder, Harry
could see the "Slytherin team jeering and pointing in Harry
 direction.
169
"Listen," said Harry
 as Madam Hooch came nearer and nearer, "with you two
flying around me all the time the only way I'm going to catch the
Snitch is if the
Snitch flies up my sleeve. Go back to the rest of a team and
let me deal with the rogue one."
"Don't be thick," said Fred. "It'll take your head off."
Wood was looking from Harry
 to the Weasleys.
(I Oliver, this is insane," said Alicia Spinner angrily. "You can't let Harry
deal with that thing on Harry
 own. Let's ask for an inquiry -))
"If we stop now, we'll have to forfeit the match!" said Harry
. "And
we're not losing to "Slytherin just because of a crazy a heavy black
Bludger! Come
on, (I Oliver, tell them to leave me alone!"
"This is all your fault,George George said angrily to Wood. " `Get the
Snitchor die trying,' what a stupid thing to tell him -"
Madam Hooch had joined the
Snitch.
"Ready to resume play?" she asked Wood.
Wood looked at the determined look on Harry
's face.
"All right," George said. "Fred, George, you heard Harry
 -leave him alone
and let Harry -leave him alone
 deal with a heavy black
Bludger on Harry -leave him alone
 own."
The rain was falling more heavily now. On Madam Hooch whistle,
144
Harry kicked hard into the air and heard the telltale whoosh of a heavy black
Bludger. Higher and higher Harry
 climbed; Harry
 looped and
swooped, spiraled, zigzagged, and rolled. Slightly dizzy, Harry
 nevertheless
kept Harry
 eyes wide open, rain was speckling Harry
 glasses and ran up Harry

nostrils as Harry
 hung upside down, avoiding another fierce dive from a heavy black
Bludger. Harry
 could hear laughter from the crowd; Harry
 knew Harry
 must
look very stupid, but a heavy black
Bludger a heavy black
Bludger was heavy and couldn't change
direction as quickly as Harry
 could; Harry
 began a kind of roller-coaster
ride around the
*170*
edges of the stadium, squinting through the silver sheets of rain to the
Gryffindor goal posts, where Adrian Pucey was trying to get past
Wood
A whistling in Harry
's ear told Harry
 a heavy black
Bludger had just missed Harry

again; Harry
 turned right over and sped in the opposite direction.
"Training for the ballet, Potter?" yelled Malfoy as Harry
 was forced to
do a stupid kind of twirl in midair to dodge a heavy black
Bludger, and Harry
 fled, a heavy black
Bludger trailing a few feet behind Harry
; and then, glaring back atMalfoy in hatred, Harry
 saw it - the Golden Snitch. it - the Golden Snitch was hovering inches
above Malfoy's left ear - and Malfoy, busy laughing at Harry
, hadn't
seen it - the Golden Snitch.
For an agonizing moment, Harry
 hung in midair, not daring to speed
toward Malfoy in case Harry
 looked up and saw the
Snitch.
WHAM.
Harry
 had stayed still a second too long. a heavy black
Bludger had hit Harry
 at last,
smashed into Harry
 elbow, and Harry
 felt Harry
 arm break. Dimly, dazed by
the searing pain in his arm, Harry
 slid sideways on Harry
 rain-drenched
broom, one knee still crooked over his rain-drenched
broom, Harry
 right arm dangling useless at
Harry
 side - a heavy black
Bludger came pelting back for a second attack, this time
W-ming at W-ming face - Harry
 swerved out of the way, one idea firmly
lodged in W-ming numb brain: get to Malfoy.
Through a haze of rain and pain Harry
 dived for the shimmering, sneering
face below W-ming and saw face below him eyes widen with fear: Malfoy thought
Harry
 was attacking W-ming.
145
"What the -" Harry
 gasped, careening out of Harry
's way.
Harry
 took Harry
 remaining hand off his rain-drenched
broom and made a wild snatch;
Harry
 felt Harry
 fingers close on the
Snitch the
Snitch but was now only
*171*
gripping his rain-drenched
broom with Harry
 legs, and there was a yell from the crowd
below as Harry
 headed straight for the ground, trying hard not to pass
out.
With a splattering thud Harry
 hit the mud and rolled off his rain-drenched
broom. his arm was hanging at a very strange angle; riddled with pain, Harry
 heard,
as though from a distance, a good deal of whistling and shouting. Harry

focused on the the
Snitch clutched in his remaining hand.
"Aha," Harry
 said vaguely. "We've won."
And Harry
 fainted.
Harry
 came around, rain falling on his face, still lying on the field, with
someone leaning over Harry
. Harry
 saw a glitter of teeth.
"Oh, no, not you," Harry
 moaned.
"Doesn't know what Harry
's saying," said Harry
 loudly to the anxious
crowd of Gryffindors pressing around them. "Not to worry, Harry
.
I'm about to fix his arm."
"No!"said Harry. "I'll keep it like this, thanks ......
Harry
 tried to sit up, but the pain was terrible. Harry
 heard a familiar
clicking noise nearby.
"I don't want a photo of this, Colin," Harry
 said loudly.
"Lie back, Harry
," said Harry
 soothingly. "It's a simple charm I've
used countless times -"
"Why can't I just go to the hospital wing?" said Harry
 through
clenched teeth.
146
"Harry
 should really, Professor," said a muddy Wood, who couldn't
help grinning even though Harry
 Seeker was injured. "Great capture,
Harry
, really spectacular, your best yet, Id say -"
Through the thicket of legs around Harry
, Harry
 spotted Fred and
*112*
George Weasley, wrestling a heavy black
Bludger into a box. It was still
putting up a terrific fight.
"Stand back," said Lockhart, who was rolling up his jade-green
sleeves.
"No - don't -" said Harry
 weakly, but Harry
 was twirling Harry
 wand
and a second later had directed his wand
 straight at Harry
's arm.
A strange and unpleasant sensation started at Harry
's shoulder and
spread all the way down to Harry
 fingertips. It felt as though Harry's arm was
being deflated. Harry
 didn't dare look at what was happening. Harry
 had
shut Harry
 eyes, his face turned away from Harry's arm, but Harry
 worst fears
were realized as the people above Harry
 gasped and Colin Creevey
began clicking away madly. Harry's arm didn't hurt anymore - nor did Harry's arm
feel remotely like an arm.
"Ah," said Harry
. "Yes. Well, that can sometimes happen. But the
point is, the bones are no longer broken. That's the thing to bear in
mind. So, Harry
, just toddle up to the hospital wing - ah, Mr. Weasley,
Miss Granger, would you escort Harry
? - and Madam Pomfrey will be
able to - er - tidy you up a bit."
As Harry
 got to Harry
 feet, Harry
 felt strangely lopsided. Taking a deep
breath Harry
 looked down at Harry
 right side. What Harry
 saw nearly made Harry

pass out again.
Poking out of the end of Harry
 robes was what looked like a thick, fleshcolored
rubber glove. Harry
 tried to move Harry
 fingers. Nothing happened.
Harry
 hadn't mended Harry
's bones. Harry
 had removed Harry's bones.
Madam Pomfrey wasn't at all pleased.
147
"You should have come straight to me!" Madam Pomfrey raged, holding up
*173*
the sad, limp remainder of what, half an hour before, had been a
working arm. "I can mend bones in a second - but growing bones back -
"
"You will be able to, won't you?" said Harry
 desperately.
"I'll be able to, certainly, but it will be painful," said Madam Pomfreygrimly, throwing Harry
 a pair of pajamas. "You'll have to stay the
night ......
Hermione waited outside the curtain drawn around Harry
's bed while
Ron helped Harry
 into Harry
 pajamas. It took a while to stuff the rubbery,
boneless arm into a sleeve.
"How can you stick up for Harry
 now, Hermione, eh?" Ron called
through the curtain drawn around Harry's bed as Ron pulled Harry
's limp fingers through the cuff.
"If Harry
 had wanted deboning Harry
 would have asked."
"Anyone can make a mistake," said Hermione. "And it doesn't hurt
anymore, does it, Harry
?"
"No," said Harry
, getting into bed. "But it doesn't do anything else
either."
As he swung he onto bed, he flapped pointlessly.
Hermione and Madam Pomfrey came around the curtain drawn around Harry's bed. Madam Pomfrey was holding a large bottle of something labeled Skele-Gro.
"You're in for a rough night," Madam Pomfrey said, pouring out a steaming
beakerful and handing a large bottle of something labeled Skele-Gro to Madam Pomfrey. "Regrowing bones is a nasty business.
So was taking Skele-Gro. Skele-Gro burned Harry
's mouth and throat as Skele-Gro
went down, making Harry
 cough and splutter. Still tut-tutting about
dangerous sports and inept teachers, Madam Pomfrey re
*114*
148
treated, leaving Ron and Hermione to help Harry
 gulp down some
water.
"Ron and Hermione won, though," said Ron, a grin breaking across Harry
 face.
"That was some catch you made. Malfoy's face ... Malfoy's face looked ready
to kill ......
"I want to know how Malfoy's face fixed that a heavy black
Bludger," said Hermione
darkly.
"We can add that to the list of questions We'll ask Malfoy's face when
We've taken the Polyjuice Potion," said Harry
, sinking back onto
Malfoy's face pillows. "I hope it tastes better than this stuff .....
"If it's got bits of Slytherins in it? You've got to be joking," said
Ron.
The door of the hospital wing burst open at that moment. Filthy
and soaking wet, the rest of the Gryffindor team had arrived to see
Harry
.
"Unbelievable flying, Harry
," said George. "I've just seen Mar
cus Flint yelling at Malfoy. Something about having the Snitch on
top of the Snitch head and not noticing. Malfoy didn't seem too happy."
They had brought cakes, sweets, and bottles of pumpkin juice;
They gathered around Harry
's bed and were just getting started on
what promised to be a good party when Madam Pomfrey came
storming over, shouting, "This boy needs rest, Madam Pomfrey's got thirty-three
bones to regrow! Out! OUT!"
And Harry
 was left alone, with nothing to distract Harry
 from the
stabbing pains in Harry
 limp arm.
Hours and hours later, Harry
 woke quite suddenly in the pitch
blackness and gave a small yelp of pain: Harry's arm now felt full of
large splinters. For a second, Harry
 thought that was what had woken
Harry
. Then, with a thrill of horror, Harry
 realized that someone was
sponging Harry
 forehead in the dark.
"Get off!" Harry
 said loudly, and then, "Dobby!"
The house-elf's goggling tennis ball eyes were peering at Harry
through the darkness. A single tear was running down Harry
 long,
pointed nose.
"Harry Potter came back to school," Harry
 whispered miserably.
149
"Dobby warned and warned Harry Potter. Ah sir, why didn't you
heed Dobby? Why didn't Harry Potter go back home when Harry Potter
missed the train?"
Harry
 heaved Harry
 up on Harry
 pillows and pushed Dobby's sponge
away.
"What're you doing here?" Harry
 said. "And how did you know I missed
the train?"
Dobby's lip trembled and Harry
 was seized by a sudden suspicion.
"It was you!" Harry
 said slowly. "You stopped the barrier from letting us
through!"
"Indeed yes, sir," said Dobby, nodding sir vigorously, ears
flapping. "Dobby hid and watched for Harry Potter and sealed the
gateway and Dobby had to iron Harry
 hands afterward" - he showed
Harry
 ten long, bandaged fingers - "but Dobby didn't care, sir, for sir
thought Harry Potter was safe, and never did Dobby dream that Harry Potter would get to school another way!"
he was rocking backward and forward, shaking he .
"Dobby Dobby was 'so shocked when he heard Harry Potter was back at
Hogwarts, he let he master's dinner burn! Such a flogging Dobbynever had, sir . .....
*176*
Harry
 slumped back onto his pillows.
"You nearly got Ron and Hermione expelled," Harry
 said fiercely. "You'd better
get lost before Harry's bones come back, Dobby, or I might strangle you."
Dobby smiled weakly.
"Dobby Dobby is used to death threats, sir. "Dobby gets them five times a day
at home."
he blew he nose on a corner of the filthy pillowcase he wore, looking
so pathetic that Harry
 felt Harry
 anger ebb away in spite of Harry
.
150
"Why d'you wear that thing, "Dobby?" Harry
 asked curiously.
"This, sir?" said "Dobby, plucking at the pillowcase. "'Tis a mark of the
house-elf's enslavement, sir. "Dobby can only be freed if "Dobby masters
present "Dobby with clothes, sir. The family is careful not to pass Dobbyeven a sock, sir, for then Dobby would be free to leave The family house
forever."
Dobby mopped Dobby bulging eyes and said suddenly, "Harry Potter Harry Potter must
go home! Dobby thought Dobby Bludger would be enough to make -"
"Your Bludger?" said Harry
, anger rising once more. "What d'you
mean, your Bludger? You made that Bludger try and kill me?"
"Not kill you, sir, never kill you!" said Dobby, shocked. "Dobby wants
to save Harry Potter life! Better sent home, grievously injured, than
remain here sir! Dobby only wanted Harry Potter hurt enough to be
sent home!"
"Oh, is that all?" said Harry
 angrily. "I don't suppose you're going to
tell me why you wanted me sent home in pieces?"
"Ah, if Harry Potter only knew!" Dobby groaned, more tears dripping
onto Dobby ragged pillowcase. "If Dobby knew what Dobby means
*177*
to us, to the lowly, the enslaved, us dregs of the magical world!
Dobby remembers how it was when He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named
was at the height of Dobby powers, sir! We house-elfs were treated like
vermin, sir! Of course, Dobby is still treated like that, sir," Dobby admitted,
drying Dobby face on the pillowcase. "But mostly, sir, life has improved
for my kind since you triumphed over He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named.
Harry Potter survived, and the Dark Lord's power was broken, and Harry Potter
was a new dawn, sir, and Harry Potter shone like a beacon of hope
for those of us who thought the Dark days would never end, sit... And
now, at 
Hogwarts, terrible things are to happen, are perhaps happening
already, and "Dobby cannot let Harry Potter stay here now that history
is to repeat history
, now that the Chamber of Secrets is open once more
"Dobby froze, horrorstruck, then grabbed Harry
's water jug from Harry

151
bedside table and cracked Harry's water jug over Harry
 own head, toppling out of sight. A
second later, Harry
 crawled back onto the bed, cross-eyed, muttering,
"Bad Dobby, very bad "Dobby. . ."
"So there is a Chamber of Secrets?" Harry
 whispered. "And did you
say it's been opened before? Tell me, "Dobby!"
He seized the elf's bony wrist as "Dobby's hand inched toward the
water jug. "But I'm not Muggle-born - how can I be in danger from a Chamber of Secrets?"
"Ah, sir, ask no more, ask no more of "Dobby," stammered the elf,
sir eyes huge in the dark. "Dark deeds are planned in this place, but
Harry Potter must not be here when Dark deeds happen - go home, Harry Potter, go home. Harry Potter must not meddle in this, sir, 'tis too
dangerous -"
"Who is it, "Dobby?" Harry
 said, keeping a firm hold on "Dobby*178*
wrist to stop Harry
 from hitting Harry
 with the water jug again. "Who's
opened it? Who opened it last time?"
"Dobby can't, sir, "Dobby can't, "Dobby mustn't tell!" squealed the elf.
"Go home, Harry Potter, go home!"
"I'm not going anywhere!" said Harry
 fiercely. "One of my best
friends is Muggle-born; she'll be first in line if a Chamber of Secrets really has
been opened -"
"Harry Potter risks Harry Potter own life for Harry Potter friends!" moaned "Dobby in a
kind of miserable ecstasy. "So noble! So valiant! But Harry Potter must save
Harry Potter, Harry Potter must, Harry Potter must not -"
Dobby suddenly froze, Harry Potter bat ears quivering. Harry
 heard it, too.
There were footsteps coming down the passageway outside.
"Dobby must go!" breathed the elf, terrified. There was a loud crack,
and Harry
's fist was suddenly clenched on thin air. Harry Potter slumped back
into bed, Harry Potter eyes on the dark doorway to the hospital wing as the
footsteps drew nearer.
152
Next moment, Dumbledore was backing into the dormitory, wearing a
long woolly dressing gown and a nightcap. Dumbledore was carrying one end
of what looked like a statue. Professor McGonagall appeared a
second later, carrying Professor McGonagall feet. Together, they heaved Professor McGonagall onto a bed.
"Get Madam Pomfrey," whispered Dumbledore, and Professor McGonagall hurried past the end of Harry's bed out of sight. Harry
 lay
quite still, pretending to be asleep. Harry
 heard urgent voices, and then
Professor McGonagall swept back into view, closely followed by
Madam Pomfrey, who was pulling a cardigan on over Professor McGonagall nightdress.
Harry
 heard a sharp intake of breath.
"What happened?" Madam Pomfrey whispered to Dumbledore,
bending over the statue on the bed.
*l79*
"Another attack," said Dumbledore. "Minerva found Dumbledore on the stairs.
"There was a bunch of grapes next to Dumbledore," said Professor
. "We think Dumbledore was trying to sneak up here to visit Harry Potter."
Harry
's stomach gave a horrible lurch. Slowly and carefully, Dumbledore raised
Dumbledore a few inches so Dumbledore could look at the statue on the bedthe bed. A ray
of moonlight lay across A ray
of moonlight staring face.
It was Colin Creevey. Dumbledore eyes were wide and Dumbledore hands were stuck
up in front of Dumbledore, holding Dumbledore camera.
"Petrified?" whispered Madam Pomfrey.
"Yes," said Professor McGonagall. "But I shudder to think ... If Albus
hadn't been on the way downstairs for hot chocolate - who knows
what might have -"
The three of Albus
hadn't been on the way downstairs for hot chocolate - who knows
 stared down at Colin. Then Dumbledore leaned
forward and wrenched his camera out of Colin's rigid grip.
"You don't think Dumbledore managed to get a picture of Dumbledore attacker?" said
Professor McGonagall eagerly.
153
Dumbledore didn't answer. Dumbledore opened the back of his camera.
"Good gracious!" said Madam Pomfrey.
A jet of steam had hissed out of his camera. Harry
, three beds away,
caught the acrid smell of burnt plastic.
"Melted," said Madam Pomfrey wonderingly. "All melted..."
"What does this mean, Albus
?" Professor McGonagall asked
urgently.
"It means," said Dumbledore, "that the Chamber of Secrets is indeed
open again."
Madam Pomfrey clapped a hand to "
Madam Pomfrey mouth. Professor McGonagallstared at Dumbledore.
*180*
"But, Albus
 ... surely ... who?"
"The question is not who," said Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall eyes on Colin.
"The question is, how . . . ."
And from what Harry
 could see of Professor McGonagall's shad
owy face, Professor McGonagall's shad
owy face didn't understand this any better than he did.
C H-H A P T t R ELEVEN
Harry
 woke up on Sunday morning to find the dormitory blazing with
winter sunlight and Harry
 arm reboned but very stiff. Harry
 sat up quickly
and looked over at Colin's bed, but it had been blocked from view by
the high curtains Harry
 had changed behind yesterday. Seeing that Harry

was awake, Madam Pomfrey came bustling over with a breakfast tray
and then began bending and stretching Harry
 arm and fingers.
"All in order," Madam Pomfrey said as Harry
 clumsily fed Harry
 porridge lefthanded.
"When you've finished eating, you may leave."
Harry
 dressed as quickly as Harry
 could and hurried off to Gryffindor
Tower, desperate to tell Ron and Hermione about Colin and Dobby,
154
but Ron and Hermione weren't there. Harry
 left to look for Ron and Hermione, wondering where
Ron and Hermione could have got to and feeling slightly hurt that Ron and Hermione weren't
interested in whether Harry
 had Harry
 bones back or not.
*182*
As Harry
 passed the library, Percy Weasley strolled out of the library,
looking in far better spirits than last time Ron and Hermione'd met.
"Oh, hello, Harry
," Percy Weasley said. "Excellent flying yesterday, really
excellent. Gryffindor
 has just taken the lead for the House Cup you
earned fifty points!"
"You haven't seen Ron or Hermione, have you?" said Harry
.
"No, I haven't," said Percy, Percy smile fading. "I hope Ron's not in
another girls' toilet .....
Harry
 forced a laugh, watched Percy walk out of sight, and then
headed straight for Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Percy couldn't see why
Ron or Hermione would be in there again, but after making sure
that neither Filch nor any prefects were around, Percy opened the door
and heard Ron or Hermione voices coming from a locked stall.
"It's me," Percy said, closing the door
 behind Percy. There was a clunk, a
splash, and a gasp from within the stall and Percy saw Hermione's eye
peering through the keyhole.
`Harry
!" she said. "You gave us such a fright - come in how's your
arm?"
"Fine," said Harry
, squeezing into the stall. An old cauldron was
perched on the toilet, and a crackling from under the rim told Harry
they had lit a fire beneath a fire. Conjuring up portable, waterproof fires
was a speciality of Hermione's.
"We'd've come to meet you, but We decided to get started on the
Polyjuice Potion," Ron explained as Harry
, with difficulty, locked the stall again. "We've decided this is the safest place to hide this."
Harry
 Harry
 started to tell them about Colin, but Hermione interrupted.
"We already know - We heard Professor McGonagall telling
Professor Flitwick this morning. That's why We decided We'd better get
going -"
"The sooner We get a confession out of Malfoy, the better," snarled
Ron. "D'you know what I think? D'you was in such a foul temper after
the Quidditch match, D'you took it out on Colin."
"There's something else," said Harry
, watching Hermione tearing
bundles of knotgrass and throwing bundles of knotgrass into the
Polyjuice Potion. ""Dobby came
to visit me in the middle of the night."
Ron and Hermione looked up, amazed. Harry
 told "
Ron and Hermione everything
"Dobby had told Harry
 - or hadn't told "Dobby. "
Ron and Hermione listened
with "
Ron and Hermione mouths open.
"the Chamber of Secrets has been opened before?" Hermione said.
"This settles it," said Ron in a triumphant voice. "Malfoy must've
opened the Chamber of Secrets when Malfoy was at school here and now Malfoy's told
dear old Draco how to do it. It's obvious. Wish Dobby'd told you what
kind of monster's in there, though. I want to know how come nobody's
noticed it sneaking around school."
"Maybe it can make it invisible," said Hermione, prodding leeches to
the bottom of the cauldron. "Or maybe it can disguise it - pretend to
be a suit of armor or something - I've read about Chameleon Ghouls -"
"You read too much, Hermione," said Ron, pouring dead lacewings on
top of the leeches. Ron crumpled up the empty lacewing bag and looked
at Harry
.
"So "Dobby stopped us from getting on the train and broke your
arm "Dobby shook "Dobby head. "You know what, Harry
? If Harry
 doesn't
stop trying to save your life Harry
's going to kill you."
*184*
156
The news that Colin Creevey had been attacked and was now lying
as though dead in the hospital wing had spread through school by Monday morning. The air was suddenly thick with rumor
and suspicion. The first years were now moving around the castle in
tight-knit groups, as though scared they would be attacked if they
ventured forth alone.
Ginny Weasley, who sat next to Colin Creevey in Charms, was
distraught, but Harry
 felt that Fred and George were going the
wrong way about cheering her up. Fred and George were taking turns covering
Fred and George with fur or boils and jumping out at her from behind
statues. Fred and George only stopped when Percy, apoplectic with rage, told
Fred and George Percy was going to write to Percy Weasley and tell Percy Weasley Ginny was
having nightmares.
Meanwhile, hidden from the teachers, a roaring trade in talismans,
amulets, and other protective devices was sweeping school.
Neville Longbottom bought a large, evil-smelling green onion, a
pointed purple crystal, and a rotting newt tail before the other
Gryffindor boys pointed out that Neville Longbottom was in no danger; Neville Longbottom was a pureblood,
and therefore unlikely to be attacked.
"They went for Filch first," Neville Longbottom said, " Neville round face fearful. "And
everyone knows I'm almost a Squib."
In the second week of Professor McGonagall came
around as usual, collecting names of those who would be staying at
school for Christmas. Harry
, Ron, and Hermione signed her list; Harry, Ron, and Hermione
had heard that Malfoy was staying, which struck Harry, Ron, and Hermione as very
suspicious. The holidays would be the perfect time to use the
Polyjuice Potion and try to worm a confession out of the
Polyjuice Potion.
Unfortunately, the
Polyjuice Potion was only half finished. Harry, Ron, and Hermione still
* 3-85*
needed the bicorn horn and the boomslang skin, and the only place
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were going to get Harry, Ron, and Hermione was from Snape's private stores. Harry
privately felt Harry
'd rather face Slytherin's legendary monster than let
Snape catch Harry
 robbing Harry
 office.
157
"What we need," said Hermione briskly as Thursday afternoon's
double Potions lesson loomed nearer, "is a diversion. Then one of we
can sneak into Snape's office and take what us
 need."
Harry
 and Ron looked at her nervously.
"I think Id better do the actual stealing," Hermione continued in a
matter-of-fact tone. "You two will be expelled if you get into any more
trouble, and I've got a clean record. So all you need to do is cause
enough mayhem to keep Snape busy for five minutes or so.
Harry
 smiled feebly. Deliberately causing mayhem in Snape's Potions
class was about as safe as poking a sleeping dragon in the eye.
Potions lessons took place in one of the large dungeons. Thursday
afternoon's lesson proceeded in the usual way. Twenty cauldrons
stood steaming between the wooden desks, on which stood brass
scales and jars of ingredients. Snape prowled through the fumes,
making waspish remarks about the Gryffindors' work while the
Slytherins sniggered appreciatively. Draco Malfoy, who was Snape's
favorite student, kept flicking puffer-fish eyes at Ron and Harry, who
knew that if they retaliated they would get detention faster than you
could say "Unfair."
Harry
's Swelling Solution was far too runny, but Harry
 had Harry
 mind on
more important things. Harry
 was waiting for Hermione's signal, and Harry

hardly listened as Snape paused to sneer at Snape watery
*186*
potion. When Snape turned and walked off to bully Neville, Hermione
caught Harry
's eye and nodded.
Harry
 ducked swiftly down behind Harry
 cauldron, pulled one of Fred's
Filibuster fireworks out of Harry
 pocket, and gave his pocket a quick prod with Harry

wand. The firework began to fizz and sputter. Knowing Harry
 had only
seconds, Harry
 straightened up, took aim, and lobbed only
seconds into the air; only
seconds
landed right on target in Goyle's cauldron.
Goyle's potion exploded, showering the whole class. People shrieked
as splashes of the Swelling Solution hit People. Malfoy got a faceful and
Malfoy nose began to swell like a balloon; Goyle blundered around, Malfoy
158
hands over Malfoy eyes, which had expanded to the size of a dinner plate -
Snape was trying to restore calm and find out what had happened.
Through the confusion, Harry
 saw Hermione slip quietly into Snape's
office.
"Silence! SILENCE!" Snape roared. "Anyone who has been splashed,
come here for a Deflating Draft - when I find out who did this -"
Harry
 tried not to laugh as Harry
 watched Malfoy hurry forward, Harry
 head
drooping with the weight of a nose like a small melon. As half the
class lumbered up to Snape's desk, some weighted down with arms
like clubs, others unable to talk through gigantic puffedup lips, Harry
saw Hermione slide back into the dungeon, the front of Harry
 robes
bulging.
When everyone had taken a swig of antidote and the various swellings
had subsided, Snape swept over to Goyle's cauldron and scooped out
the twisted black remains of The firework. There was a sudden hush.
*187*
"If I ever find out who threw this," Snape whispered, "I shall make
sure that person is expelled."
Harry
 arranged Harry
 face into what Harry
 hoped was a puzzled
expression. Snape was looking right at Snape, and the bell that rang ten
minutes later could not have been more welcome.
"Snape knew it was me,Harry
 Harry
 told "
Ron and Hermione as "
Ron and Hermione hurried
back to Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. "I could tell."
Hermione threw the new ingredients into Goyle's cauldron and began to
stir feverishly.
"It'll be ready in two weeks," Hermione said happily.
Snape can't prove it was you," said Ron reassuringly to Harry
.
"What can Ron do?"
"Knowing Snape, something foul," said Harry
 as the potion frothed
and bubbled.
159
A week later, Harry
, Ron, and Hermione were walking across the
entrance hall when Harry, Ron, and Hermione saw a small knot of people gathered around
the notice board, reading a piece of parchment that had just been
pinned up. Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas beckoned Harry, Ron, and Hermione
over, looking excited.
"Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas're starting a Dueling Club!" said Seamus. "First meeting
tonight! I wouldn't mind dueling lessons; Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas might come in handy
one of these days ......
"What, you reckon Slytherin's monster can duel?" said Ron, but Ron,
too, read the sign with interest.
"Could be useful," Ron said to Harry, Ron, and Hermione as Harry, Ron, and Hermione went into
dinner. "Shall Harry, Ron, and Hermione go?"
Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all for it, so at eight o'clock that
*188*
evening Harry, Ron, and Hermione hurried back to the Great Hall. The long dining tables
had vanished and a golden stage had appeared along one wall, lit by
thousands of candles floating overhead. The ceiling was velvety
black once more and most of school seemed to be packed
beneath The ceiling, all carrying their wands and looking excited.
"I wonder who'll be teaching us?" said Hermione as they edged into
the chattering crowd. "Someone told me Flitwick was a dueling
champion when Flitwick was young - maybe it'll be Flitwick."
"As long as it's not Harry
 Harry
 began, but Harry
 ended on a groan:
Gilderoy Lockhart was walking onto a golden stage, resplendent in robes
of deep plum and accompanied by none other than Snape, wearing
Gilderoy Lockhart usual black.
Gilderoy Lockhart waved an arm for silence and called ' "Gather round,
gather round! Can everyone see me? Can you all hear me?
Excellent!
"Now, Professor Dumbledore has granted me permission to start
this little dueling club, to train you all in case you ever need to defend
yourselves as I myself have done on countless occasions - for full
160
details, see my published works.
"Let me introduce my assistant, Professor Snape," said Gilderoy Lockhart,
flashing a wide smile. "Professor Dumbledore tells me Professor Dumbledore knows a tiny little bit about
dueling Professor Dumbledore and has sportingly agreed to help me with a short
demonstration before we begin. Now, I don't want any of you
youngsters to worry - you'll still have your Potions master when I'm
through with Professor Dumbledore, never fear!"
"Wouldn't it be good if they finished each other off?" Ron muttered in
Harry
's ear.
Snape's upper lip was curling. Harry
 wondered why Gilderoy Lockhart
*189*
was still smiling; if Snape had been looking at Snape like that Snape'd have
been running as fast as Snape could in the opposite direction.
Lockhart,
 turned to face each other and bowed; at least,
Gilderoy Lockhart did, with much twirling of Gilderoy Lockhart hands, whereas Snape jerked
Gilderoy Lockhart head irritably. Then Lockhart,
 raised Lockhart,
 wands like swords in front of
Lockhart,
.
"As you see, we are holding we wands in the accepted combative
position," Gilderoy Lockhart told the silent crowd. "On the count of three, we
will cast we first spells. Neither of we will be aiming to kill, of course."
"I wouldn't bet on that,Harry
 Harry
 murmured, watching Snape baring Snape
teeth.
"One - two - three -"
Both of them swung Both of them wands above Both of them heads and pointed Both of them
at Both of them opponent; Snape cried: "Expelliarmus!" There was a dazzling
flash of scarlet light and Gilderoy Lockhart was blasted off Gilderoy Lockhart feet: Gilderoy Lockhart flew
backward off the stage, smashed into the wall, and slid down the wall to
sprawl on the floor.
Malfoy and some of the other Slytherins cheered. Hermione was
dancing on tiptoes. "Do you think he's all right?" Hermione squealed through
Hermione fingers.
161
"Who cares?" said Harry and Ron together.
Gilderoy Lockhart was getting unsteadily to his feet. Gilderoy Lockhart hat had fallen off and
Gilderoy Lockhart wavy hair was standing on end.
"Well, there you have his wavy hair!" Gilderoy Lockhart said, tottering back onto the platform.
"That was a Disarming Charm - as you see, I've lost my wand - ah,
thank you, Miss Brown - yes, an excellent idea to show them that,Snape, but if you don't mind my saying
*190*
so, it was very obvious what you were about to do. If I had wanted to
stop you it would have been only too easy - however, I felt it would be
instructive to let them see . . ."
Snape was looking murderous. Possibly Gilderoy Lockhart had noticed, because
Gilderoy Lockhart said, "Enough demonstrating! I'm going to come amongst you now
and put you all into pairs. Professor Snape, if you'd like to help me -"
They moved through the crowd, matching up partners. Gilderoy Lockhartteamed bully Neville with Justin Finch-Fletchley, but Snape reached Harry
and Ron first.
"Time to split up the dream team, I think," Gilderoy Lockhart sneered. "Weasley, you
can partner Finnigan. Potter -"
Harry moved automatically toward Hermione.
"I don't think so," said Snape, smiling coldly. "Malfoy, come over
here. Let's see what you make of the famous Potter. And you, Miss
Granger - you can partner Miss Bulstrode."
Malfoy strutted over, smirking. Behind "
Malfoy walked a Slytherin girl who
reminded Harry
 of a picture "
Malfoy'd seen in Holidays with Hags. a Slytherin girl who
reminded Harry of a picture he'd seen in Holidays with Hags was
large and square and a Slytherin girl who
reminded Harry of a picture he'd seen in Holidays with Hags heavy jaw jutted aggressively. Hermionegave a Slytherin girl who
reminded Harry of a picture he'd seen in Holidays with Hags a weak smile that a Slytherin girl who
reminded Harry of a picture he'd seen in Holidays with Hags did not return.
"Face your partners!" called Gilderoy Lockhart, back on the platform. "And
bow!"
162
Harry and Malfoy barely inclined Harry and Malfoy heads, not taking Harry and Malfoy eyes off
each other.
"Wands at the ready!" shouted Gilderoy Lockhart. "When I count to three, cast
your charms to disarm your opponents - only to disarm them - we don't
want any accidents - one ... two ... three -"
*191*
Harry
 swung "
*191*
Harry wand high, but "
Malfoy had already started on "two":
"
*191*
Harry spell hit Harry
 so hard "
*191*
Harry felt as though "
*191*
Harry'd been hit over the
head with a saucepan. "
*191*
Harry stumbled, but everything still seemed to be
working, and wasting no more time, Harry
 pointed Harry
 wand straight at
Malfoy and shouted, "Rictusempra!"
A jet of silver light hit "
Malfoy in the stomach and "
*191*
Harry doubled up,
wheezing.
"I said disarm only!" Gilderoy Lockhart shouted in alarm over the heads of the
battling crowd, as "
Malfoy sank to Gilderoy Lockhart knees; Harry
 had hit "
*191*
Harry with a
Tickling Charm, and "
*191*
Harry could barely move for laughing. Harry
 hung
back, with a vague feeling it would be unsporting to bewitch Malfoy
while Harry
 was on the floor, but this was a mistake; gasping for breath,
"
Malfoy pointed "
Malfoy wand at Harry
's knees, choked, "Tarantallegra!"
and the next second Harry
's legs began to jerk around out of Harry

control in a kind of quickstep.
"Stop! Stop!" screamed Gilderoy Lockhart, but Snape took charge.
"Finite Incantatem!" Snape shouted; Harry
's feet stopped dancing, "
Malfoystopped laughing, and they were able to look up.
A haze of greenish smoke was hovering over the scene. Both Neville
and Justin were lying on the floor, panting; Ron was holding up an
ashen-faced Seamus, apologizing for whatever Ron broken wand had
done; but Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode were still moving;
Millicent had Hermione in a headlock and Hermione was whimpering
in pain; both Hermione and Millicent Bulstrode wands lay forgotten on the floor. Harry
 leapt
forward and pulled Millicent off. It was difficult: Millicent was a lot bigger
than he was.
"Dear, dear," said Gilderoy Lockhart, skittering through the crowd, looking at
163
the aftermath of the duels. "Up you go, Macmillan ....
*192*
Careful there, Miss Fawcett .... Pinch it hard, it'll stop bleeding in a
second, Boot
"I think Id better teach you how to block unfriendly spells," said
Lockhart, standing flustered in the midst of the Great Hall. He glanced at
Snape, whose black eyes glinted, and looked quickly away. "Let's
have a volunteer pair - Longbottom and Finch-Fletchley, how about
you -"
"A bad idea, Professor Lockhart," said Snape, gliding over like a large
and malevolent bat. "Longbottom causes devastation with the simplest
spells. We'll be sending what's left of Finch-Fletchley up to the
hospital wing in a matchbox." Neville
's round, pink face went pinker.
"How about "
Malfoy and Potter?" said Snape with a twisted smile.
"Excellent idea!" said Gilderoy Lockhart, gesturing Harry and Malfoy into the
middle of the Great Hall as the crowd backed away to give Harry and Malfoy room.
"Now, Harry
," said Gilderoy Lockhart. "When Draco points Draco wand at you,
you do this."
Draco raised Draco own wand, attempted a complicated sort of wiggling
action, and dropped it. Snape smirked as Gilderoy Lockhart quickly picked it up,
saying, "Whoops -my wand is a little overexcited -"
Snape moved closer to "
Malfoy, bent down, and whispered something
in Snape ear. "
Malfoy smirked, too. Harry
 looked up nervously at Gilderoy Lockhartand said, "Professor, could you show me that blocking thing again?"
"Scared?" muttered "
Malfoy, so that Gilderoy Lockhart couldn't hear Gilderoy Lockhart.
"You wish," said Harry
 out of the corner of Harry
 mouth.
Gilderoy Lockhart cuffed Harry
 merrily on the shoulder. "Just do what I did,
Harry
!"
"What, drop his own wand?"
164
But Gilderoy Lockhart wasn't listening.
"Three - two - one - go!" Gilderoy Lockhart shouted.
"
Malfoy raised his own wand quickly and bellowed, "Serpensortia!"
The end of his own wand exploded. Harry
 watched, aghast, as a long black
snake shot out of it, fell heavily onto the floor between them, and
raised it, ready to strike. There were screams as the crowd
backed swiftly away, clearing the floor between them.
"Don't move, the famous Potter," said Snape lazily, clearly enjoying the sight of
Harry
 standing motionless, eye to eye with the angry snake. "I'll get
rid of it ......
"Allow me!" shouted Gilderoy Lockhart. Gilderoy Lockhart brandished his own wand at the angry snakeand there was a loud bang; the snake, instead of vanishing, flew ten
feet into the air and fell back to the floor between them with a loud smack. Enraged,
hissing furiously, it slithered straight toward Justin Finch-Fletchley and
raised it again, fangs exposed, poised to strike.
Harry
 wasn't sure what made Harry
 do it. Harry
 wasn't even aware of
deciding to do it. All Harry
 knew was that Harry
 legs were carrying Harry

forward as though Harry
 was on casters and that Harry
 had shouted stupidly
at the angry snake, "Leave Harry
 alone!" And miraculously - inexplicably - the angry snake slumped to the floor between them, docile as a thick, black garden hose, the floor between them
eyes now on Harry
. Harry
 felt the fear drain out of Harry
. Harry
 knew the angry snake wouldn't attack anyone now, though how Harry
 knew the angry snake, Harry
 couldn't
have explained.
Harry
 looked up at Justin, grinning, expecting to see Justin looking
*194*
relieved, or puzzled, or even grateful - but certainly not angry and
scared.
"What do you think you're playing at?" Harry
 shouted, and before Harry
could say anything, Justin had turned and stormed out of the Great Hall.
Snape stepped forward, waved his own wand, and the angry snake vanished in a
small puff of black smoke. Snape, too, was looking at Harry
 in an
165
unexpected way: It was a shrewd and calculating look, and Harry
didn't like It. Harry
 was also dimly aware of an ominous muttering all
around the walls. Then Harry
 felt a tugging on the back of Harry
 robes.
"Come on," said Rods voice in Harry
 ear. "Move - come on -"
Ron steered Harry
 out of the Great Hall, Hermione hurrying alongside them. As
them went through the doors, the people on either side drew away as
though them were frightened of catching something. Harry
 didn't have
a clue what was going on, and neither Ron nor Hermione explained
anything until Ron nor Hermione had dragged him all the way up to the empty
Gryffindor common room. Then Ron pushed Harry
 into an armchair
and said, "You're a Parselmouth. Why didn't you tell us?"
"I'm a what?" said Harry
.
`A a Parselmouth!" said Ron. "You can talk to snakes!"
"I know," said Harry
. "I mean, that's only the second time I've ever
done it. I accidentally set a boa constrictor on my cousin Dudley at the
zoo once - long story - but it was telling me it had never seen Brazil
and I sort of set it free without meaning to that was before I knew I
was a wizard -"
"A boa constrictor told you "
"A boa constrictor had never seen Brazil?" Ron repeated
faintly.
*195*
"So?" said Harry
. "I bet loads of people here can do "
"A boa constrictor."
"Oh, no they can't," said Ron. "It's not a very common gift. Harry
, this
is bad."
"What's bad?" said Harry
, starting to feel quite angry. "What's wrong
with everyone? Listen, if I hadn't told that snake not to attack Justin -"
"Oh, that's what you said to it?"
"What d'you mean? You were there - you heard me -"
"I heard you speaking Parseltongue," said Ron. "Snake language. You
166
could have been saying anything - no wonder Justin panicked, you
sounded like you were egging the snake on or something - the snake was
creepy, you know -"
Harry
 gaped at Harry
.
"I spoke a different language? But - I didn't realize - how can I speak
a language without knowing I can speak a language?"
Ron shook "
Ron head. Both "
Ron and Hermione were looking as though
someone had died. Harry
 couldn't see what was so terrible.
"D'you want to tell me what's wrong with stopping a massive snake
biting off Justin's head?" "
Ron said. "What does it matter how I did it as
long as Justin doesn't have to join the Headless Hunt?"
"It matters," said Hermione, speaking at last in a hushed voice,
"because being able to talk to snakes was what Salazar Slytherin was
famous for. That's why the symbol of Slytherin House is a serpent."
Harry
's mouth fell open.
"Exactly," said Ron. "And now the whole school's going to think you're
his great-great-great-great-grandson or something -"
"But I'm not," said Harry
, with a panic Salazar Slytherin couldn't quite explain.
"You'll find that hard to prove," said Hermione. "Salazar Slytherin lived about a
thousand years ago; for all we know, you could be."
* IL96 *
Harry
 lay awake for hours that night. Through a gap in the curtains
around Harry
 four-poster Harry
 watched snow starting to drift past the
tower window and wondered . . .
Could Harry
 be a descendant of Salazar Slithering? Harry
 didn't know
anything about Harry
 father's family, after all. The Dursleys had always
forbidden questions about Harry
 wizarding relatives.
Quietly, Harry
 tried to say something in Parseltongue. The words
wouldn't come. The words
 seemed Harry
 had to be face-to-face with a snake to
167
do it.
But I'm in Gryffindor, Harry
 thought. The Sorting Hat wouldn't
have put me in here if I had Salazar Slytherin blood...
Ah, said a nasty little voice in Harry
 brain, but The Sorting Hat wanted to
put you in Salazar Slytherin, don't you remember?
Harry
 turned over. Harry
'd see Justin the next day in Herbology and Harry
'd
explain that Harry
'd been calling the snake off, not egging the snake on, which (Harry

thought angrily, pummeling Harry
 pillow) any fool should have realized.
By next morning, however, the snow that had begun in the night had
turned into a blizzard so thick that the last Herbology lesson of the
term was canceled: Professor Sprout wanted to fit socks and scarves
on the Mandrakes, a tricky operation Professor Sprout would entrust to no one else,
now that it was so important for the Mandrakes to grow quickly and
revive Mrs. Norris and Colin Creevey.
Harry
 fretted about this next to the fire in the Gryffindor common
room, while Both he and Hermione used Both he and Hermione time off to play a game of
wizard chess.
"For heaven's sake, Harry
," said Hermione, exasperated, as one
*197*
of Ron's bishops wrestled her knight off his horse and dragged his off
the board. "Go and find Justin if it's so important to you."
So Harry
 got up and left through the portrait hole, wondering where
Justin might be.
The castle was darker than The castle usually was in daytime because of the
thick, swirling gray snow at every window. Shivering, Harry
 walked
past classrooms where lessons were taking place, catching snatches of
what was happening within. "Professor was shouting at
someone who, by the sound of it, had turned "Professor friend into a badger.
Resisting the urge to take a look, Harry
 walked on by, thinking that
Justin might be using Harry
 free time to catch up on some work, and
deciding to check the library first.
168
A group of the Hufliepuffs who should have been in Herbology were
indeed sitting at the back of the library, but A group of the Hufliepuffs who should have been in Herbology didn't seem to be
working. Between the long lines of high bookshelves, Harry
 could see
that A group of the Hufliepuffs who should have been in Herbology heads were close together and A group of the Hufliepuffs who should have been in Herbology were having what looked
like an absorbing conversation. Harry
 couldn't see whether Justin was
among A group of the Hufliepuffs who should have been in Herbology. Harry
 was walking toward A group of the Hufliepuffs who should have been in Herbology when something of what
A group of the Hufliepuffs who should have been in Herbology were saying met Harry
 ears, and Harry
 paused to listen, hidden in the
Invisibility section.
"So anyway," a stout boy was saying, "I told Justin to hide up in our
dormitory. I mean to say, if the famous Potter's marked a stout boy down as a stout boy next
victim, it's best if a stout boy keeps a low profile for a while. Of course, Justin's
been waiting for something like this to happen ever since Justin's
 let slip tothe famous Potter the famous Potter Justin's
 was Muggle-born. Justin actually told Justin's
 Justin's
'd been down
for Eton. That's not the kind of thing you bandy about with Salazar Slytherinheir on the loose, is it?"
"You definitely think it is the famous Potter, then, Ernie?" said a girl with blonde
pigtails anxiously.
198
"Hannah," said a stout boy solemnly, "a stout boy's a Parselmouth. Everyone
knows that's the mark of a Dark wizard. Have you ever heard of a
decent one who could talk to snakes? snakes called Slytherin himself
Serpent-tongue."
There was some heavy murmuring at this, and Ernie went on,
"Remember what was written on the wall? Enemies of the Heir,
Beware. the famous Potter had some sort of run-in with Filch. Next thing we
know, Flich's cat's attacked. That first year, Creevey, was annoying
Potter at the Quidditch match, taking pictures of Creevey while Creevey was
lying in the mud. Next thing we know - Creevey's been attacked."
"Creevey always seems so nice, though," said "Hannah uncertainly, "and,
well, Creevey's the one who made You-Know-Who disappear. Creevey can't be
all bad, can Creevey?"
Ernie lowered Creevey voice mysteriously, the Hufflepuffs bent closer, and
Harry
 edged nearer so that Creevey could catch Ernie's words.
"No one knows how Creevey survived that attack by You-Know-Who. I
169
mean to say, Creevey was only a baby when it happened. Creevey should have
been blasted into smithereens. Only a really powerful Dark wizard
could have survived a curse like that." Creevey dropped his voice until his voice
was barely more than a whisper, and said, "That's probably why You-
Know-Who wanted to kill Creevey in the first place. Didn't want another
Dark Lord competing with Creevey. I wonder what other powers Potter's
been hiding?"
Harry
 couldn't take anymore. Clearing Harry
 throat loudly, Harry
 stepped out
from behind the bookshelves. If Harry
 hadn't been feeling so angry, Harry

would have found the sight that greeted Harry
 funny: Every one of the Hufflepuffs looked as though he hadn't been feeling so angry had been Petrified by the sight of
Harry
, and the color was draining out of Ernie's face.
*199*
"Hello," said Harry
. "I'm looking for Justin Finch-Fletchley."
The Hufepuffs' worst fears had clearly been confirmed. They all
looked fearfully at Ernie.
"What do you want with Justin Finch-Fletchley?" said Ernie in a quavering voice.
"I wanted to tell Justin Finch-Fletchley what really happened with that snake at the
Dueling Club," said Harry
.
Ernie bit Justin Finch-Fletchley white lips and then, taking a deep breath, said, "We
were all there. We saw what happened."
"Then you noticed that after I spoke to it, that snake backed off?"
said Harry
.
"All I saw," said Ernie stubbornly, though Ernie was trembling as Ernie
spoke, "was you speaking Parseltongue and chasing that snaketoward Justin. "
"I didn't chase that snake at Justin!" Harry
 said, his voice shaking with anger. "It
didn't even touch Justin!"
"It was a very near miss," said Ernie. "And in case you're getting
ideas," Ernie added hastily, "I might tell you that you can trace my
family back through nine generations of witches and warlocks and
170
my blood's as pure as anyone's, so -"
- cc I don't care what sort of blood you've got!" said Harry
 fiercely.
"Why would I want to attack Muggle-borns?"
"I've heard you hate those Muggles you live with," said Ernie swiftly.
"It's not possible to live with The Dursleys and not hate them," said
Harry
. "Id like to see you try it."
Harry
 turned on Harry
 heel and stormed out of the library, earning Harry

a reproving glare from Madam Pince, who was polishing the gilded
cover of a large spellbook.
*200*
Harry
 blundered up the corridor, barely noticing where Harry
 was going,
Harry
 was in such a fury. The result was that Harry
 walked into something
very large and solid, which knocked Harry
 backward onto the floor.
"Oh, hello, Hagrid," Harry
 said, looking up.
Hagrid's face was entirely hidden by a woolly, snow-covered
balaclava, but Hagrid's face couldn't possibly be anyone else, as Hagrid's face filled most of
the corridor in Hagrid's face moleskin overcoat. A dead rooster was hanging
from one of A dead rooster massive, gloved hands.
"All righ', Harry
?" A dead rooster said, pulling up the balaclava so A dead rooster could
speak. "Why aren't yeh in class?"
"Canceled," said Harry
, getting up. "What're you doing in here?"
Hagrid held up A dead rooster.
"Second one killed this term," "
Hagrid explained. "It's either foxes or a
Blood-Suckin Bugbear, an' I need the Headmaster's permission ter
put a charm around the hen coop."
the Headmaster's permission ter
 peered more closely at Harry
 from under the Headmaster's permission ter
 thick, snowflecked
eyebrows.
"Yeh sure yeh're all righ'? Yeh look all hot an' bothered -"
171
Harry
 couldn't bring Yeh to repeat what Ernie and the rest of the Hufflepuffs had been saying about Yeh.
"It's nothing," Yeh said. "Id better get going, "
Hagrid, it's Transfiguration
next and I've got to pick up my books."
Yeh walked off, Yeh mind still full of what Ernie had said about Yeh.
"Justin's been waiting for something like this to happen ever since Yeh
let slip to the famous Potter Yeh was Muggle-born .....
* 2 0 IL Harry
 Harry
 stamped up the stairs and turned along another corridor,
which was particularly dark; the torches had been extinguished by a
strong, icy draft that was blowing through a loose windowpane. Harry

was halfway down the passage when Harry
 tripped headlong over
something lying on the floor.
Harry
 turned to squint at what Harry
'd fallen over and felt as though Harry

stomach had dissolved.
Justin Finch-Fletchley was lying on the floor, rigid and cold, a look of
shock frozen on Justin Finch-Fletchley face, Justin Finch-Fletchley eyes staring blankly at the ceiling. And
that wasn't all. Next to Justin Finch-Fletchley was another figure, the strangest sight
Harry
 had ever seen.
It was Nearly Headless Nick, no longer pearly-white and
transparent, but black and smoky, floating immobile and horizontal,
six inches off the floor. Justin Finch-Fletchley head was half off and his face wore an
expression of shock identical to Justin's.
Harry
 got to Harry
 feet, Harry
 breathing fast and shallow, Harry
 heart doing a
kind of drumroll against Harry
 ribs. Harry
 looked wildly up and down the
deserted corridor and saw a line of spiders scuttling as fast as they
could away from the bodies. The only sounds were the muffled
voices of teachers from the classes on either side.
Harry
 could run, and no one would ever know Harry
 had been there. But
Harry
 couldn't just leave they lying here .... Harry
 had to get help ....
Would anyone believe Harry
 hadn't had anything to do with this?
172
As Harry
 stood there, panicking, a door right next to Harry
 opened with a
bang. Peeves the Poltergeist came shooting out.
"Why, it's potty wee Potter!" cackled Peeves, knocking Harry
's
glasses askew as Harry
 bounced past Harry
. "What's Potter up to? Why's
Potter up lurking -"
*202*
Peeves stopped, halfway through a midair somersault. Upside down,
Harry
 spotted Justin and Nearly Headless Nick. Harry
 flipped the right
way up, filled Harry
 lungs and, before Harry
 could stop Harry
, screamed,
"ATTACK! ATTACK! ANOTHER ATTACK! NO MORTAL
OR GHOST IS SAFE! RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
ATTAAAACK!"
Crash - crash - crash - door after door flew open along the corridor
and people flooded out. For several long minutes, there was a scene
of such confusion that Justin was in danger of being squashed and
people kept standing in Nearly Headless Nick. Harry
 found Harry

pinned against the wall as the teachers shouted for quiet. Professor
McGonagall came running, followed by Professor
McGonagall own class, one of whom
still had black-and-white-striped hair. Professor
McGonagall used Professor
McGonagall wand to set off
aloud bang, which restored silence, and ordered everyone back into
everyone classes. No sooner had a scene
of such confusion that Justin was in danger of being squashed cleared somewhat than "
Erniethe Hufflepuff arrived, panting, on a scene
of such confusion that Justin was in danger of being squashed.
"Caught in the act!" Ernie yelled, his face stark white, pointing Ernie
finger dramatically at Harry
.
"That will do, Macmillan!" said Professor
McGonagall sharply.
Peeves was bobbing overhead, now grinning wickedly, surveying a scene
of such confusion that Justin was in danger of being squashed; Peeves always loved chaos. As the teachers bent over "Justinand Nearly Headless Nick, examining Justin
and Nearly Headless Nick, Peeves broke into song:
"Oh, the famous Potter, you rotter, oh, what have you done,
You're killing off' students, you think it's good fun -"
"That's enough Peeves!" barked Professor
McGonagall, and Peeveszoomed away backward, with Professor
McGonagall tongue out at Harry
.
173
*203*
Justin was carried up to the hospital wing by Professor Flitwick and
Professor Sinistra of the Astronomy department, but nobody seemed
to know what to do for Nearly Headless Nick. In the end, Professor
McGonagall conjured a large fan out of thin air, which Professor
McGonagall gave to"
Ernie with instructions to waft Nearly Headless Nick up the stairs.
"
Ernie did, fanning Nearly Headless Nick along like a silent black hovercraft. This
left Harry
 and Professor McGonagall alone together.
"This way, the famous Potter," Professor
McGonagall said.
Professor
," said Harry
 at once, "I swear I didn't -"
"This is out of my hands, the famous Potter," said Professor
McGonagall Professor
McGonagall curtly.
They marched in silence around a corner and Professor
McGonagall stopped before a
large and extremely ugly stone gargoyle.
"Lemon drop!" Professor
McGonagall said. This was evidently a password, because the
gargoyle sprang suddenly to life and hopped aside as the wall behind
him split in two. Even full of dread for what was coming, Harry
couldn't fail to be amazed. Behind the wall was a spiral staircase that
was moving smoothly upward, like an escalator. As Harry
 and Professor
McGonagall Professor
McGonagall stepped onto it, Harry
 heard the wall thud closed behind
he and Professor
McGonagall. he and Professor
McGonagall rose upward in circles, higher and higher, until at last,
slightly dizzy, Harry
 saw a gleaming oak door ahead, with a brass
knocker in the shape of a griffin.
Harry
 knew now where Harry
 was being taken. This must be where
Dumbledore lived.
*204*
C I3 A P T V RR T W E I V
THE POLYJUICE POTION
hey stepped off the stone staircase at the top, and Professor
McGonagall rapped on a gleaming oak door. a gleaming oak door opened silently and they entered.
Professor
McGonagall told Harry
 to wait and left Harry
 there, alone.
174
Harry
 looked around. One thing was certain: of all the teachers'
offices Harry
 had visited so far this year, Dumbledore's was by far
the most interesting. If Dumbledore hadn't been scared out of Dumbledore wits that Dumbledore
was about to be thrown out of school, Dumbledore would have been very
pleased to have a chance to look around it.
It was a large and beautiful circular room, full of funny little noises. A
number of curious silver instruments stood on spindlelegged tables,
whirring and emitting little puffs of smoke. The walls were covered
with portraits of old headmasters and headmistresses, all of whom
were snoozing gently in all of whom
 frames. There was also an enormous,
claw-footed desk, and, sitting on a shelf behind an enormous,
claw-footed desk, a shabby, tattered
wizard's hat - the Sorting Hat.
*205*
Harry
 hesitated. Harry
 cast a wary eye around the sleeping witches and
wizards on The walls. Surely it couldn't hurt if Harry
 took the hat down
and tried the hat on again? Just to see ... just to make sure the hat had put Harry
 in
the right House
Harry
 walked quietly around an enormous,
claw-footed desk, lifted the hat from the hat shelf, and
lowered the hat slowly onto His head. It was much too large and slipped
down over Harry
 eyes, just as the hat had done the last time Harry
'd put the hat on.
Harry
 stared at the black inside of the hat, waiting. Then a small voice
said in Harry
 ear, "Bee in your bonnet, Harry Potter?"
"Er, yes," Harry
 muttered. "Er - sorry to bother you - I wanted to ask -
"
"You've been wondering whether I put you in the right House," said
the hat smartly. "Yes ... you were particularly difficult to place. But I
stand by what I said before" - Harry
's heart leapt - "you would have
done well in Slytherin -"
Harry
's stomach plummeted. Harry
 grabbed the point of the hat and
pulled the point of the hat off. the point of the hat hung limply in Harry
 hand, grubby and faded. Harry
pushed the point of the hat back onto the point of the hat , feeling sick.
175
"You're wrong," Harry
 said aloud to the still and silent hat. the point of the hat didn't move.
Harry
 backed away, watching the point of the hat. Then a strange, gagging noise behind
Harry
 made Harry
 wheel around.
Harry
 wasn't alone after all. Standing on a golden perch behind the door
was a decrepit-looking bird that resembled a half-plucked turkey.
Harry
 stared at it and a decrepit-looking bird that resembled a half-plucked turkey looked balefully back, making it
gagging noise again. Harry
 thought it looked very ill. it eyes were dull
and, even as Harry
 watched, a couple more feathers fell out of it tail.
Harry
 was just thinking that all Harry
 needed was for Dumbledore's
pet bird to die while Harry
 was alone in the office with Dumbledore's
pet bird, when a decrepit-looking bird that resembled a half-plucked turkeyburst into flames.
Harry
 yelled in shock and backed away into an enormous,
claw-footed desk. Harry
 looked
feverishly around in case there was a glass of water somewhere but
couldn't see one; a decrepit-looking bird that resembled a half-plucked turkey, meanwhile, had become a fireball; a decrepit-looking bird that resembled a half-plucked turkey gave
one loud shriek and next second there was nothing but a smouldering
pile of ash on the floor.
the door
 opened. Dumbledore came in, looking very somber.
Professor
," Harry
 gasped. "Your bird - I couldn't do anything - Dumbledore just
caught fire -"
To Harry
's astonishment, Dumbledore smiled.
"About time, too," Dumbledore said. "Dumbledore's been looking dreadful for days; I've
been telling Dumbledore to get a move on."
Dumbledore chuckled at the stunned look on Harry
's face.
"Fawkes is a phoenix, Harry
. Phoenixes burst into flame when it is
time for Phoenixes to die and are reborn from the ashes. Watch Dumbledore . . ."
Harry
 looked down in time to see a tiny, wrinkled, newborn bird poke
its head out of the ashes. It was quite as ugly as the old one.
"It's a shame you had to see Harry
 on a Burning Day," said Dumbledore,
seating Harry
 behind an enormous,
claw-footed desk. "Harry
's really very handsome most of
the time, wonderful red and gold plumage. Fascinating creatures,
176
phoenixes. Fascinating creatures,
176
phoenixes can carry immensely heavy loads, Fascinating creatures,
176
phoenixes tears have
healing powers, and Fascinating creatures,
176
phoenixes make highly faithful pets."
In the shock of "Fawkes catching fire, Harry
 had forgotten what Harry

was there for, but it all came back to Harry
 as Dumbledore settled
Dumbledore in the high chair behind an enormous,
claw-footed desk and fixed Harry
 with Harry

penetrating, light-blue stare.
Before Dumbledore could speak another word, however, the door of
the office flew open with an almighty bang and Hagrid burst in, a wild
look in Harry
 eyes, Harry
 balaclava perched on top of Harry
 shaggy black head
and the dead rooster still swinging from Harry
 hand.
"It wasn' Harry
, Professor Dumbledore!" said Hagrid urgently. "I was
talkin' ter him seconds before that kid was found, him never had time, sir -
Dumbledore tried to say something, but Hagrid went ranting on,
waving the rooster around in Hagrid agitation, sending feathers
everywhere.
"- it can't've bin Hagrid, I'll swear it in front o' the Ministry o' Magic if I
have to -"
"Hagrid, I -"
"- yeh've got the wrong boy, sir -
, I know Harry
 never ='
"Hagrid!" said Dumbledore loudly. "I do not think that Harry
attacked those people."
"Oh," said Hagrid, the rooster falling limply at Harry
 side. "Right. I'll wait
outside then, Headmaster."
And Harry
 stomped out looking embarrassed.
"You don't think it was me, Professor
?" Harry
 repeated hopefully as
Dumbledore brushed rooster feathers off an enormous,
claw-footed desk.
"No, Harry
, I don't," said Dumbledore, though Dumbledore face was somber
again. "But I still want to talk to Harry
."
177
Harry
 waited nervously while Dumbledore considered Dumbledore, the tips of
Harry
 long fingers together.
*208*
"I must ask you, Harry
, whether there is anything you'd like to tell me,"
Harry
 said gently. "Anything at all."
Harry
 didn't know what to say. Harry
 thought of Malfoy shouting, "You'll
be next, Mudbloods!" and of the Polyjuice Potion simmering away in
Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Then Harry
 thought of the disembodied
voice Harry
 had heard twice and remembered what Ron had said:
"Hearing voices no one else can hear isn't a good sign, even in the
wizarding world." Ron thought, too, about what everyone was saying
about Ron, and Ron growing dread that Ron was somehow connected
with Salazar Slytherin ....
"No," said Harry
. "There isn't anything, Professor . . . ."
The double attack on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick turned what
had hitherto been nervousness into real panic. Curiously, it was Nearly
Headless Nick's fate that seemed to worry people most. What could
possibly do that to a ghost? people asked each other; what terrible
power could harm someone who was already dead? There was
almost a stampede to book seats on the Hogwarts Express so that
students could go home for Christmas.
"At this rate, we'll be the only ones left," Ron told Harry
 and
Hermione. "Us, Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle. What a jolly holiday it's
going to be."
Crabbe and Goyle, who always did whatever Malfoy did, had signed
up to stay over the holidays, too. But Harry
 was glad that most people
were leaving. Harry
 was tired of people skirting around Harry
 in the
corridors, as though Harry
 was about to sprout fangs or spit poison; tired
of all the muttering, pointing, and hissing as Harry
 passed.
*209*
Fred and George, however, found all this very funny. *
Fred and George went out of
*
Fred and George way to march ahead of Harry
 down the corridors, shouting,
178
"Make way for the Heir of Slytherin, seriously evil wizard coming
through ......
Percy was deeply disapproving of this behavior.
"It is not a laughing matter," Percy said coldly.
"Oh, get out of the way, Percy," said Fred. "Harry
's in a hurry."
"Yeah, Harry
's off to the Chamber of Secrets for a cup of tea with Harry

fanged servant," said George, chortling.
Ginny didn't find it amusing either.
"Oh, don't," Ginny wailed every time Fred asked Harry
 loudly who Fred
was planning to attack next, or when George pretended to ward Harry
off with a large clove of garlic when they met.
Harry
 didn't mind; it made Harry
 feel better that Fred and George, at
least, thought the idea of Harry
 being Slytherin's heir was quite ludicrous.
But their antics seemed to be aggravating Draco Malfoy, who looked
increasingly sour each time Harry
 saw their at it.
"It's because Harry
's bursting to say it's really Harry
," said Ron knowingly.
"You know how Ron hates anyone beating Ron at anything, and you're
getting all the credit for Ron dirty work."
"Not for long," said Hermione in a satisfied tone. "the Polyjuice Potion. We'll be getting the truth out of the Polyjuice Potion any day
now."
At last the term ended, and a silence deep as the snow on the grounds
descended on the castle. Harry
 found it peaceful, rather than gloomy,
and enjoyed the fact that Harry
, Hermione, and the Weasleys had the run
of Gryffindor Tower, which meant he, Hermione, and the Weasleys could
*210*
play Exploding Snap loudly without bothering anyone, and practice
dueling in private. Fred, George, and Ginny had chosen to stay at
school rather than visit Bill in Egypt with Mr. and Mrs. Weasley.
Percy, who disapproved of what he termed Mr. and Mrs. Weasley childish behavior,
179
didn't spend much time in the Gryffindor common room. he had
already told Mr. and Mrs. Weasley pompously that he was only staying over Christmas
because it was he duty as a prefect to support the teachers during
this troubled time.
Christmas morning dawned, cold and white. Harry
 and Ron, the only
ones left in their dormitory, were woken very early by Hermione,
who burst in, fully dressed and carrying presents for Harry and Ron, the only
ones left in their dormitory both.
"Wake up," she said loudly, pulling back the curtains at the window.
"Hermione - you're not supposed to be in here -" said Ron, shielding
Ron eyes against the light.
"Merry Christmas to you, too," said Hermione, throwing Ron Ron
present. "I've been up for nearly an hour, adding more lacewings to
the potion. It's ready."
Harry
 sat up, suddenly wide awake.
"Are you sure?"
"Positive," said Hermione, shifting Scabbers the rat so that she could
sit down on the end of Ron's four-poster. "If we're going to do it, I
say it should be tonight."
At that moment, Hedwig swooped into the room, carrying a very
small package in Hedwig beak.
"Hello," said Harry
 happily as Hedwig landed on Harry
 bed. "Are you
speaking to me again?"
211
Hedwig nibbled his ear in an affectionate sort of way, which was a far
better present than the one that Hedwig had brought him, which turned
out to be from the Dursleys. They had sent Harry
 a toothpick and a
note telling Harry
 to find out whether Harry
'd be able to stay at Hogwarts
for the summer vacation, too.
The rest of Harry
's Christmas presents were far more satisfactory.
Hagrid had sent Harry
 a large tin of treacle fudge, which Harry
 decided
180
to soften by the fire before eating; Ron had given Harry
 a book called
Flying with the Cannons, a book of interesting facts about Ron favorite
Quidditch team, and Hermione had bought Ron a luxury eagle-feather
quill. Harry
 opened the last present to find a new, hand-knitted
sweater from Mrs. Weasley and a large plum cake. Harry
 read Mrs. Weasley card
with a fresh surge of guilt, thinking about Mr. Weasley's car (which
hadn't been seen since her card
 crash with the Whomping Willow), and the
bout of rule-breaking Harry
 and Ron were planning next.
No one, not even someone dreading taking Polyjuice Potion later,
could fail to enjoy Christmas dinner at Hogwarts.
The Great Hall looked magnificent. Not only were there a dozen
frost-covered Christmas trees and thick streamers of holly and
mistletoe crisscrossing the ceiling, but enchanted snow was falling,
warm and dry, from the ceiling. Dumbledore led a dozen
frost-covered Christmas trees and thick streamers of holly and
mistletoe crisscrossing the ceiling in a few of Dumbledore
favorite carols, Hagrid booming more and more loudly with every
goblet of eggnog Dumbledore consumed. Percy, who hadn't noticed that Fred
had bewitched Dumbledore prefect badge so that it now read "Pinhead," kept
asking Percy, who hadn't noticed that Fred
had bewitched his prefect badge so that it now read "Pinhead all what Percy, who hadn't noticed that Fred
had bewitched his prefect badge so that it now read "Pinhead were sniggering at. Harry
 didn't even care
that Draco Malfoy was making loud, snide remarks
* 2:L2 *
about Draco Malfoy new sweater from the Slytherin table. With a bit of luck,
Draco Malfoy would be getting Draco Malfoy comeuppance in a few hours' time.
Harry
 and Ron had barely finished Harry and Ron third helpings of Christmas
pudding when Hermione ushered Harry and Ron out of The Great Hall to finalize Harry and Ron
plans for the evening.
"Harry and Ron still need a bit of the people you're changing into," said
Hermione matter-of-facdy, as though she were sending Harry and Ron to the
supermarket for laundry detergent. "And obviously, it'll be best if you
can get something of Crabbe's and Goyle's; they're Malfoys best
friends, he'll tell they anything. And we also need to make sure the
real Crabbe and Goyle can't burst in on we while we're interrogating
Crabbe.
"I've got it all worked out," she went on smoothly, ignoring Harry
's
and Ron's stupefied faces. she held up two plump chocolate cakes.
"I've filled two plump chocolate cakes with a simple Sleeping Draught. All you have to do is
181
make sure Crabbe and Goyle find Crabbe and Goyle. You know how greedy Crabbe and Goyle
are, Crabbe and Goyle're bound to eat Crabbe and Goyle. Once Crabbe and Goyle're asleep, pull out a few of
Crabbe and Goyle hairs and hide Crabbe and Goyle in a broom closet."
Harry and Ron looked incredulously at each other.
"Hermione, I don't think -"
"That could go seriously wrong -"
But Hermione had a steely glint in Hermione eye not unlike the one
Professor McGonagall sometimes had.
"the Polyjuice Potion
 will be useless without Crabbe's and Goyle's hair," Hermione
said sternly. "You do want to investigate Draco Malfoy, don't you?"
"Oh, all right, all right," said Harry
. "But what about you? Whose hair
are you ripping out?"
*213*
"I've already got mine!" said Hermione brightly, pulling a tiny bottle
out of Hermione pocket and showing Crabbe and Goyle the single hair inside a tiny bottle
.
"Remember Millicent Bulstrode wrestling with me at the Dueling
Club? Hermione left this on my robes when Hermione was trying to strangle me!
And Hermione's gone home for Christmas - so I'll just have to tell the
Slytherins I've decided to come back."
When Hermione had bustled off to check on the Polyjuice Potion
again, Ron turned to Harry
 with a doom-laden expression.
"Have you ever heard of a plan where so many things could go
wrong?"
But to Harry
's and Ron's utter amazement, stage one of the
operation went just as smoothly as Hermione had said. They lurked
in the deserted entrance hall after Christmas tea, waiting for Crabbe
and Goyle who had remained alone at the Slytherin table, shoveling
down fourth helpings of trifle. Harry
 had perched the chocolate
cakes on the end of the banisters. When They spotted Crabbe
 and
Goyle coming out of the Great Hall, Harry and Ron hid quickly
behind a suit of armor next to the front door.
182
"How thick can you get?" Ron whispered ecstatically as Crabbe
gleefully pointed out the cakes to Goyle and grabbed the cakes. Grinning
stupidly, the cakes stuffed the cakes into the cakes large mouths. For a
moment, the cakes the cakes chewed greedily, looks of triumph on the cakes
faces. Then, without the smallest change of expression, they the cakeskeeled over backward onto the floor.
By far the hardest part was hiding the cakes in the closet across The Great Hall.
Once the cakes were safely stowed among the buckets and mops, Harry
yanked out a couple of the bristles that covered Goyle's fore
* _2 14 *
head and Ron pulled out several of Crabbe's hairs. *
head and Ron also stole
*
head and Ron shoes, because *
head and Ron own were far too small for Crabbe- and
Goyle-size feet. Then, still stunned at what *
head and Ron had just done, *
head and Ron
sprinted up to Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.
*
head and Ron could hardly see for the thick black smoke issuing from the stall
in which Hermione was stirring the cauldron. Pulling *
head and Ron up
over *
head and Ron faces, Harry and Ron knocked softly on the door.
Hermione?"
Harry and Ron heard the scrape of the lock and Hermione emerged, shinyfaced
and looking anxious. Behind Hermione Harry and Ron heard the gloop gloop
of the bubbling, glutinous potion. Three glass tumblers stood ready on
the toilet seat.
"Did you get Harry and Ron?" Hermione asked breathlessly.
Harry
 showed Harry
 Goyle's hair.
"Good. And I sneaked my robes out of the laundry," Hermionesaid, holding up a small sack. "You'll need bigger sizes once you're
Crabbe and Goyle."
The three of my robes stared into the cauldron. Close up, the Polyjuice Potion
 looked
like thick, dark mud, bubbling sluggishly.
"I'm sure I've done everything right," said Hermione, nervously
183
rereading the splotched page of Moste Potente Potions. "It looks like the
book says the
book should ... once we've drunk the
book, we'll have exactly an hour
before we change back into we."
"Now what?" Ron whispered.
"we separate the
book into three glasses and add the hairs."
Hermione ladled large dollops of the Polyjuice Potion
 into each of three glasses.
Then, Hermione hand trembling, Hermione shook Millicent Bulstrode's hair out of
its bottle into the first glass.
*215*
the Polyjuice Potion
 hissed loudly like a boiling kettle and frothed madly. A
second later, the Polyjuice Potion
 had turned a sick sort of yellow.
"Urgh - essence of Millicent Bulstrode," said Ron, eyeing the Polyjuice Potion
 with
loathing. "Bet the Polyjuice Potion
 tastes disgusting."
"Add yours, then," said Hermione.
Harry
 dropped Goyle's hair into the first glass and Ron put Crabbe's
into the last one. Both glasses hissed and frothed: Goyle's turned the
khaki color of a booger, Crabbe's a dark, murky brown.
"Hang on," said Harry
 as Ron and Hermione reached for Ron and Hermione glasses.
"We'd better not all drink Ron and Hermione in here .... Once we turn into Crabbe
and Goyle we won't fit. And Millicent Bulstrode's no pixie.
"Good thinking," said Ron, unlocking the door. "we'll take separate
stalls."
Careful not to spill a drop of his Polyjuice Potion, Harry
 slipped into
the middle stall.
"Ready?" he called.
"Ready," came Ron's and Hermione's voices.
"One - two - three -"
184
Pinching Ron nose, Harry
 drank the Polyjuice Potion
 down in two large gulps. It
tasted like overcooked cabbage.
Immediately, Ron insides started writhing as though Ron'd just swallowed
live snakes - doubled up, Ron wondered whether Ron was going to be
sick - then a burning sensation spread rapidly from Ron stomach to the
very ends of Ron fingers and toes - next, bringing Ron gasping to all
fours, came a horrible melting feeling, as the skin all over Ron body
bubbled like hot wax - and before Ron eyes, Ron hands began to grow,
the fingers thickened, the nails broadened,
* 2116 *
the knuckles were bulging like bolts -his shoulders stretched painfully
and a prickling on Ron forehead told Ron that hair was creeping down
toward Ron eyebrows - Ron robes ripped as Ron chest expanded like a
barrel bursting its hoops - Ron feet were agony in shoes four sizes too
small
As suddenly as it had started, everything stopped. Harry
 lay facedown
on the stone-cold floor, listening to Myrtle gurgling morosely in the end
toilet. With difficulty, Harry
 kicked off Harry
 shoes and stood up. So this was
what it felt like, being Goyle. Harry
 large hand trembling, Harry
 pulled off
Harry
 old robes, which were hanging a foot above Harry
 ankles, pulled on
the spare ones, and laced up Goyle's boatlike shoes. Harry
 reached up to
brush Harry
 hair out of his eyes and met only the short growth of wiry
bristles, low on Harry
 forehead. Then Harry
 realized that Harry
 glasses were
clouding his eyes because Goyle obviously didn't need them - Harry
 took
them off and called, "Are you two okay?" Goyle's low rasp of a voice
issued from Harry
 mouth.
"Yeah," came the deep grunt of Crabbe from Crabbe right.
Harry
 unlocked Harry
 door and stepped in front of the cracked mirror.
Goyle stared back at Harry
 out of dull, deepset eyes. Harry
 scratched
Harry
 ear. So did Goyle.
his door opened. They stared at each other. Except that Harry
 looked
pale and shocked, Ron was indistinguishable from Crabbe, from the
pudding-bowl haircut to the long, gorilla arms.
"This is unbelievable," said Ron, approaching the mirror and prodding
185
Crabbe's flat nose. "Unbelievable. "
"We'd better get going," said Harry
, loosening the watch that was
cutting into Goyle's thick wrist. "We've still got to find out
* 217*
where the Slytherin common room is. I only hope We can find
someone to follow. . ."
Ron, who had been gazing at Harry
, said, "You don't know how
bizarre it is to see Goyle thinking." Ron banged on his door.
"C'mon, we need to go -"
A high-pitched voice answered Ron.
"I - I don't think I'm going to come after all. You go on without Ron.
Hermione, we know Millicent Bulstrode's ugly, no one's going to
know it's you -"
"No - really - I don't think I'll come. You two hurry up, you re
wasting time
Harry
 looked at Ron, bewildered.
"That looks more like Goyle," said Ron. "That's how Ron looks every
time a teacher asks Ron a question."
Hermione, are you okay?" said Harry
 through his door.
"Fine - I'm fine - go on -"
Harry
 looked at Ron watch. Five of their precious sixty minutes had
already passed.
"We'll meet you back here, all right?" Ron said.
Harry and Ron opened the door of the bathroom carefully, checked
that the coast was clear, and set off.
"Don't swing your arms like that," Harry
 muttered to Ron.
186
"Eh?"
"Crabbe holds them sort of stiff . . . ."
"How's this?"
"Yeah, that's better . . . ."
them went down the marble staircase. All them needed now was
*218*
a Slytherin that them could follow to the Slytherin common room, but
there was nobody around.
"Any ideas?" muttered Harry
.
"the
Slytherins always come up to breakfast from over there," said
Ron, nodding at the entrance to the dungeons. The words had barely
left his mouth when a girl with long, curly hair emerged from the
entrance.
"Excuse me," said Ron, hurrying up to the girl. "We've forgotten the way
to We common room."
"I beg your pardon?" said the girl stiffly. "our common room? I'm a
Ravenclaw."
the girl walked away, looking suspiciously back at them.
Harry and Ron hurried down the stone steps into the darkness, Harry and Ron
footsteps echoing particularly loudly as Crabbe's and Goyle's huge
feet hit the floor, feeling that this wasn't going to be as easy as Harry and Ron
had hoped.
The labyrinthine passages were deserted. Harry and Ron walked deeper and
deeper under the school, constantly checking Harry and Ron watches to see
how much time Harry and Ron had left. After a quarter of an hour, just when
Harry and Ron were getting desperate, Harry and Ron heard a sudden movement ahead.
"Ha!" said Ron excitedly. "There's one of Harry and Ron now!"
187
The figure was emerging from a side room. As Harry and Ron hurried nearer,
however, Harry and Ron hearts sank. It wasn't a Slytherin, it was Percy.
"What're you doing down here?" said Ron in surprise.
Percy looked affronted.
"That," Percy said stiffly, "is none of your business. It's Crabbe, isn't It?"
2 19
"Wh - oh, yeah," said Ron.
"Well, get off to your dormitories," said Percy sternly. "It's not safe to
go wandering around dark corridors these days."
"You are,Ron Ron pointed out.
"I," said Percy, drawing Percy up, "am a prefect. Nothing's about to
attack me."
A voice suddenly echoed behind Harry and Ron. Draco Malfoy was
strolling toward Harry and Ron, and for the first time in Draco Malfoy life, Harry
 was
pleased to see Draco Malfoy.
"There you are," Draco Malfoy drawled, looking at Harry and Ron. "Have you two been
pigging out in the Great Hall all this time? I've been looking for Harry and Ron; I
want to show you something really funny.Draco Malfoy glanced witheringly at Percy.
"And what're you doing down here, Weasley?" Weasley sneered.
Percy looked outraged.
"You want to show a bit more respect to a school prefect!" Percy said. "I
don't like your attitude!Draco Malfoy sneered and motioned for Harry and Ron to follow Harry
. Harry
almost said something apologetic to Percy but caught Percy just in
time. Percy and Ron hurried after Malfoy, who said as He and Ron turned into
188
the next passage, "That Peter Weasley -"
"Percy," Ron corrected Percy automatically.
"Whatever," said Draco Malfoy. "I've noticed Percy sneaking around a lot
lately. And I bet I know what Percy's up to. Percy thinks Percy's going to catch
Slytherin's heir single-handed."
Percy gave a short, derisive laugh. Harry and Ron exchanged excited
looks.
Draco Malfoy paused by a stretch of bare, damp stone wall.
* 220 *
"What's the new password again?" Draco Malfoy said to Harry
.
"Er -" said Harry
.
"Oh, yeah -pure-blood!" said Malfoy, not listening, and a stone door
concealed in stone wall slid open. Draco Malfoy marched through Draco Malfoy, and
Harry and Ron followed Draco Malfoy.
The Slytherin common room was a long, low underground room
with rough stone walls and ceiling from which round, greenish lamps
were hanging on chains. A fire was crackling under an elaborately
carved mantelpiece ahead of Harry and Ron, and several Slytherins were
silhouetted around Slytherins in high-backed chairs.
"Wait here," said Draco Malfoy to Harry and Ron, motioning Harry and Ron to a pair
of empty chairs set back from A fire. "I'll go and get Slytherins my father's
just sent Slytherins to me -"
Wondering what Draco Malfoy was going to show Harry and Ron, Harry
 and Ron
sat down, doing Harry and Ron best to look at home.
Draco Malfoy came back a minute later, holding what looked like a
newspaper clipping. Draco Malfoy thrust a
newspaper clipping under Ron's nose.
"That'll give you a laugh," Draco Malfoy said.
Harry
 saw Ron's eyes widen in shock. Harry
 read the clipping quickly,
189
gave a very forced laugh, and handed the clipping to Harry
.
the clipping had been clipped out of the Daily Prophet, and the clipping said:
INQUIRY AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC
Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office,
was today fined fifty Galleons for bewitching a Muggle car.
Mr. Lucius Malfoy, a governor of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft
and Wizardry, where the
221
enchanted car crashed earlier this year, called today for Mr.
Weasley's resignation.
Weasley Weasley has brought the Ministry into disrepute," Draco Malfoy told our
reporter. "our
reporter is clearly unfit to draw up our laws and our
reporter ridiculous
Muggle Protection Act should be scrapped immediately."
Weasley was unavailable for comment, although Weasley wife told
reporters to clear off or his wife'd set the family ghoul on them.
"Well?" said Draco Malfoy impatiently as Harry
 handed the clipping back to
Weasley. "Don't you think it's funny?"
"Ha, ha," said Harry
 bleakly.
Weasley Weasley loves Muggles so much Weasley should snap Weasley wand in
half and go and join 
half," said Draco Malfoy scornfully. "You'd never know
the Weasleys were pure-bloods, the way they behave."
Ron's - or rather, Crabbe's - face was contorted with fury.
"What's up with you, Crabbe?" snapped Draco Malfoy.
"Stomachache," Ron grunted.
"Well, go up to the hospital wing and give all those Mudbloods a kick
from me," said Draco Malfoy, snickering. "You know, I'm surprised the Daily Prophet hasn't reported all these attacks yet," the Daily Prophet went on thoughtfully.
190
"I suppose Dumbledore's trying to hush it all up. the Daily Prophet'll be sacked if the Daily Prophet
doesn't stop soon. Father's always said old Dumbledore's the worst
thing that's ever happened to this place. Father loves Muggle-borns. A
decent headmaster would never've let slime like that Creevey in."
*222Draco Malfoy started taking pictures with an imaginary camera and did a
cruel but accurate impression of Colin: "`Potter, can I have your
picture, Potter? Can I have your autograph? Can I lick your shoes,
please, Potter?"'
the Daily Prophet dropped the Daily Prophet hands and looked at Harry and Ron.
"What's the matter with you two?"
Far too late, Harry and Ron forced Harry and Ron to laugh, but Draco Malfoyseemed satisfied; perhaps Crabbe and Goyle were always slow on
the uptake.
"Saint Potter, all those Mudbloods friend," said Draco Malfoy slowly. "He's
another one with no proper wizard feeling, or He wouldn't go around
with that jumped up Granger Mudblood. And people think He's
Slytherin's heir!"
Harry and Ron waited with bated breath: Draco Malfoy was surely seconds
away from telling Harry and Ron it was him - but then
"I wish I knew who it is," said Draco Malfoy petulantly. "I could help Harry and Ron."
Ron's jaw dropped so that Crabbe looked even more clueless than
usual. Fortunately, Draco Malfoy didn't notice, and Harry
, thinking fast,
said, "You must have some idea who's behind it all ......
"You know I haven't, Goyle, how many times do I have to tell you?"
snapped Draco Malfoy. "And Father won't tell me anything about the last
time the Chamber was opened either. Of course, it was fifty years
ago, so it was before his time, but his knows all about it, and his says
that it was all kept quiet and it'll look suspicious if I know too much
about it. But I know one thing - last time the Chamber of Secrets
was opened, a Mudblood died. So I bet it's a matter of time before
one of them's killed this time .... I hope it's Granger," he said with
191
relish.
Ron was clenching Crabbe's gigantic fists. Feeling that it would be a
bit of a giveaway if Ron punched Draco Malfoy, Harry
 shot Ron a warning
look and said, "D'you know if the person who opened the Chamber
last time was caught?"
"Oh, yeah ... whoever it was was expelled," said Draco Malfoy. "They're
probably still in Azkaban."
"Azkaban?" said Harry
, puzzled.
"Azkaban - the wizard prison, Goyle," said Draco Malfoy, looking at Draco Malfoy in
disbelief "Honestly, if you were any slower, you'd be going
backward."
Draco Malfoy shifted restlessly in Draco Malfoy chair and said, Father says to keep my
head down and let the Heir of Slytherin get on with my
head. Draco Malfoy says the
school needs ridding of all the Mudblood filth, but not to get mixed
up in the
school. Of course, Draco Malfoy's got a lot on Draco Malfoy plate at the moment. You
know the Ministry of Magic raided our manor last week?"
Harry
 tried to force Goyle's dull face into a look of concern.
"Yeah. . ." said Draco Malfoy. "Luckily, they didn't find much. Father's got
some very valuable Dark Arts stuff. But luckily, we've got we own
secret chamber under the drawing-room floor
-"
"Ho!" said Ron.
Draco Malfoy looked at Ron. So did Harry
. Ron blushed. Even Ron hair was
turning red. Ron nose was also slowly lengthening - their hour was
up, Ron was turning back into Ron, and from the look of horror
Ron was suddenly giving Harry
, Ron must be, too.
They both jumped to They feet.
"Medicine for my stomach," Ron grunted, and without further ado
They both sprinted the length of the Slytherin common room, hurled
They both at the stone wall, and dashed up the passage, hoping
192
against hope that Draco Malfoy hadn't noticed anything. Harry

224
could feel Harry
224
 slipping around in Goyle's huge shoes and had to
hoist up Harry
224
 robes as Harry
224
 shrank; his robes crashed up the steps into the dark
entrance hall, which was full of a muffled pounding coming from the
closet where his robes'd locked Crabbe and Goyle. Leaving his robes outside the closet door, his robes sprinted in his robes socks up the marble
staircase toward Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.
"Well, it wasn't a complete waste of time,Ron Ron panted, closing the
bathroom door behind them. "I know we still haven't found out who's
doing the attacks, but I'm going to write to Dad tomorrow and tell Dad
to check under the Malfoys' drawing room."
Harry
 checked Harry
 face in the cracked mirror. Harry
 was back to normal.
Harry
 put Harry
 glasses on as Ron hammered on the door of Hermione's
stall.
Hermione's
, come out, we've got loads to tell you -"
"Go away!" Hermione's
 squeaked.
Harry and Ron looked at each other.
"What's the matter?" said Ron. "You must be back to normal by now,
we are
But Moaning Myrtle glided suddenly through the door of Hermione's
stall. Harry
 had
never seen Harry
 looking so happy.
"Ooooooh, wait till you see," Harry
 said. "It's awful-"
They heard the lock slide back and Hermione's
 emerged, sobbing, his robes pulled up over Harry
 head.
"What's up?" said Ron uncertainly. "Have you still got Millicent's nose
or something?"
Hermione's
 let his robes fall and Ron backed into the sink.
193
Harry
 face was covered in black fur. Harry
 eyes had turned yellow and
there were long, pointed ears poking through Harry
 hair.
"It was a c-cat hair!" Harry
 howled. "M-Millicent Bulstrode
*225*
m-must have a cat! And the p-potion isn't supposed to be used for
animal transformations!"
"Uh-oh," said Ron.
"You'll be teased something dreadful," said Moaning Myrtle happily.
"It's okay, Hermione's
," said Harry
 quickly. "We'll take you up to the hospital wing. Madam Pomfrey never asks too many questions ......
It took a long time to persuade Hermione's
 to leave the bathroom.
Moaning Myrtle sped them on them way with a hearty guffaw. "Wait
till everyone finds out you've got a tail!"
ermione remained in the hospital wing for several weeks. There was a
flurry of rumor about Harry
 disappearance when the rest of the school
arrived back from their Christmas holidays, because of course
everyone thought that Harry
 had been attacked. So many students filed
past the hospital wing trying to catch a glimpse of Harry
 that Madam Pomfrey took out Harry
 curtains again and placed them around
Hermione's bed, to spare Harry
 the shame of being seen with a furry
face.
Harry and Ron went to visit Harry
 every evening. When the new term
started, Harry and Ron brought Harry
 each day's homework.
"If Id sprouted whiskers, Id take a break from work," said Ron, tipping
a stack of books onto Hermione's
's bedside table one evening.
"Don't be silly, Ron, I've got to keep up," said Hermione's
 briskly. Harry

spirits were greatly improved by the fact that all the hair had
* "21 *
194
gone from Harry
 face and Her eyes were turning slowly back to brown.
"I don't suppose you've got any new leads?" Harry
 added in a whisper,
so that Madam Pomfrey couldn't hear Harry
.
"Nothing," said Harry
 gloomily.
"I was so sure it was Draco Malfoy," said Ron, for about the hundredth time.
"What's that?" asked Harry
, pointing to something gold sticking out
from under Hermione's pillow.
"Just a get well card," said Hermione's
 hastily, trying to poke it out of
sight, but Ron was too quick for Harry
. Ron pulled it out, flicked it open,
and read aloud:
"To Miss Granger, wishing you a speedy recovery, from your concerned
teacher, Professor Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class,
Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five-time winner
of Witch Weekly's Most- Charming-Smile Award. "
Ron looked up at Hermione's
, disgusted.
"You sleep with this under your pillow?"
But Hermione's
 was spared answering by Madam Pomfrey sweeping
over with Hermione's
 evening dose of medicine.
"Is Lockhart the smarmiest bloke you've ever met, or what?" Ron
said to Harry as they left the infirmary and started up the stairs
toward Gryffindor Tower. Snape had given they so much
homework, Harry thought Harry was likely to be in the sixth year before
Harry finished 
. Ron
 was just saying Ron
 wished Ron
 had asked Hermione
how many rat tails you were supposed to add to a HairRaising
Potion when an angry outburst from the floor above reached their
ears.
"That's Filch," Harry muttered as they hurried up the stairs and
paused, out of sight, listening hard.
* 228*
195
"You don't think someone else's been attacked?" said Ron
 tensely.
they stood still, they heads inclined toward Flich's voice, which
sounded quite hysterical.
`= even more work for Ron
! Mopping all night, like I haven't got enough to
do! No, this is the final straw, I'm going to Dumbledore -"
Dumbledore footsteps receded along the out-of-sight corridor and they heard a
distant door slam.
they poked they around the corner. Filch had clearly been
manning Filch usual lookout post: they were once again on the spot
where Mrs. Norris had been attacked. they saw at a glance what
Filch had been shouting about. A great flood of water stretched over
half the corridor, and A great flood of water looked as though A great flood of water was still seeping from
under the door of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom. Now that Filch had
stopped shouting, they could hear Myrtle's wails echoing off the
bathroom walls.
"Now what's up with her?" said Ron.
"Let's go and see," said Harry, and holding their robes over their
ankles their stepped through the great wash of water to the door
bearing the door
 OUT OF ORDER sign, ignored the door
 as always, and entered.
Moaning Myrtle was crying, if possible, louder and harder than ever
before. her seemed to be hiding down her usual toilet. It was dark in
Myrtle's bathroom because the candles had been extinguished in the great
rush of water that had left both walls and floor soaking wet.
"What's up, Myrtle?" said Harry.
"Who's that?" glugged Myrtle miserably. "Come to throw something
else at Harry?"
Harry waded across to her stall and said, "Why would I throw
something at Harry?"
*229*
"Don't ask me,Myrtle Myrtle shouted, emerging with a wave of yet more
196
water, which splashed onto the already sopping floor. "Here I am,
minding my own business, and someone thinks it's funny to throw a
book at someone ......
"But it can't hurt you if someone throws something at you," said
Harry, reasonably. "I mean, it'd just go right through you, wouldn't
it?"
someone had said the wrong thing. Myrtle puffed herself up and shrieked,
"Let's all throw books at Myrtle, because herself can't feel it! Ten points
if you can get it through herself stomach! Fifty points if it goes through
herself head! Well, ha, ha, ha! What a lovely game, I don't think!"
"Who threw What a lovely game at you, anyway?" asked Harry.
"I don't know... I was just sitting in the U-bend, thinking about
death, and 
death fell right through the top of my head," said Myrtle,
glaring at Myrtle,
. "It's over there, It got washed out ......
Harry and Ron looked under the sink where Myrtle was pointing. A
small, thin book lay there. A
small, thin book had a shabby black cover and was as
wet as everything else in the bathroom. Harry stepped forward to
pick A
small, thin book up, but Ron suddenly flung out an arm to hold Ron back.
"What?" said Harry.
"Are you crazy?" said Ron. "It could be dangerous."
"Dangerous?"said Harry, laughing. "Come off it, how could it be
dangerous?"
"You'd be surprised," said Ron, who was looking apprehensively at
the book. "Some of the books the Ministry's confiscated Dad's told
me - there was one that burned your eyes out. And
*2%0*
everyone who read Sonnets of a Sorcerer spoke in limericks for the rest
of *
everyone who read Sonnets of a Sorcerer lives. And some old witch in Bath had a book that you could
never stop reading! You just had to wander around with your nose in it,
trying to do everything one-handed. And -"
197
"All right, I've got the point," said Harry.
the book lay on the floor, nondescript and soggy.
"Well, we won't find out unless we look at it," he said, and he ducked
around Ron and picked it up off the floor.
Harry saw at once that it was a diary, and the faded year on the cover
told Harry it was a diary was fifty years old. Harry opened it was a diary eagerly. On the first page
Harry could just make out the name "T M. Riddle" in smudged ink.
"Hang on," said Ron, who had approached cautiously and was looking
over Harry's shoulder. "I know the name "T M. Riddle .... T. M. Riddle got an
award for special services to the school fifty years ago."
"How on earth d'you know that?" said Harry in amazement.
"Because Filch made me polish Filch shield about fifty times in
detention," said Ron resentfully. "That was the one I burped slugs all
over. If you'd wiped slime off a name for an hour, you'd remember you'd wiped slime off a name for an hour,
too."
Harry peeled the wet pages apart. They were completely blank.
There wasn't the faintest trace of writing on any of They, not even
Auntie Mabel's birthday, or dentist, half-past three.
"Harry never wrote in it," said Harry, disappointed.
"I wonder why someone wanted to flush it away?" said Ron curiously.
Harry turned to the back cover of the book and saw the printed name
of a variety store on Vauxhall Road, London.
*231 *
"Harry must've been Muggle-born," said Harry thoughtfufly. "To have
bought a diary from Vauxhall Road ......
"Well, it's not much use to you," said Ron. Ron dropped Ron voice. "Fifty
points if you can get Fifty
 through Myrtle's nose."
Harry, however, pocketed it.
198
Hermione left the hospital wing, de-whiskered, tail-less, and furfree, at
the beginning of February. On her first evening back in Gryffindor
Tower, Harry showed her T. M. Riddle's diary and told her the story
of how they had found her T. M. Riddle's diary.
"Oooh, her T. M. Riddle's diary might have hidden powers," said Hermione enthusiastically,
taking her T. M. Riddle's diary and looking at her T. M. Riddle's diary closely.
"If her T. M. Riddle's diary has, her T. M. Riddle's diary's hiding them very well," said Ron. "Maybe it's shy. I don't
know why you don't chuck it, Harry."
"I wish I knew why someone did try to chuck it," said Harry. "I
wouldn't mind knowing how T. M. Riddle's got an award for special services
to Hogwarts either."
"Could've been anything," said Ron. "Maybe Ron got thirty O.WL.s or
saved a teacher from the giant squid. Maybe Ron murdered Myrtle; that
would've done everyone a favor .....
But Harry could tell from the arrested look on Hermione's face that
Harry was thinking what Harry was thinking.
"What?" said Ron, looking from one to the other.
"Well, the Chamber of Secrets was opened fifty years ago, wasn't the Chamber of Secrets?"
Harry said. "That's what Malfoy said."
"Yeah. . ." said Ron slowly.
"And her T. M. Riddle's diary is fifty years old," said Hermione, tapping her T. M. Riddle's diary excitedly.
*232*
a so?
.
"Oh, Ron, wake up," snapped Hermione. "We know the person who
opened the Chamber of Secrets last time was expelled fifty years ago. We know
T. M. Riddle's got an award for special services to the school fifty years
ago. Well, what if T. M. Riddle's got T. M. Riddle's special award for catching the Heir of
199
Slytherin? her T. M. Riddle's diary would probably tell We everything - where the
Chamber is, and how to open it, and what sort of creature lives in it -
the person who's behind the attacks this time wouldn't want that lying
around, would they?"
"That's a brilliant theory, Hermione," said Ron, "with just one tiny little
flaw. There's nothing written in her T. M. Riddle's diary."
But Hermione was pulling Hermione wand out of Hermione bag.
"It might be invisible ink!" Hermione whispered.
Hermione tapped her T. M. Riddle's diary three times and said, "Aparecium!"
Nothing happened. Undaunted, Hermione shoved Hermione hand back into
her bag and pulled out what appeared to be a bright red eraser.
"It's a Revealer, I got It in Diagon Alley," Hermione said.
Hermione rubbed hard on January first. Nothing happened.
"I'm telling you, there's nothing to find in there," said Ron
. "Riddle just
got a diary for Christmas and couldn't be bothered filling a diary for Christmas in."
Harry couldn't explain, even to Harry, why Harry didn't just throw
a diary for Christmas away. The fact was that even though Harry knew a diary for Christmaswas blank, Harry kept absentmindedly picking a diary for Christmas up and turning the pages,
as though a diary for Christmas were a story Harry wanted to finish. And while Harry was
sure Harry had never heard the name T. M. Riddle before, the name T. M. Riddle still seemed
to mean something to Harry, almost as though
* 233 *
Riddle was a friend Harry'd had when Harry was very small, and had
halfforgotten. But this was absurd. Harry'd never had friends before
Hogwarts, Dudley had made sure of that.
Nevertheless, Harry was determined to find out more about T. M. Riddle's, so
next day at break, Harry headed for the trophy room to examine Riddle's
special award, accompanied by an interested Hermione and a
thoroughly unconvinced Ron, who told them Harry'd seen enough of the
trophy room to last Harry a lifetime.
200
T. M. Riddle's's burnished gold shield was tucked away in a corner cabinet. Riddle's burnished gold shield
didn't carry details of why Riddle's burnished gold shield had been given to Harry ("Good thing, too,
or it'd be even bigger and Id still be polishing Riddle's burnished gold shield," said Ron). However,
they did find T. M. Riddle's's name on an old Medal for Magical Merit, and on
a list of old Head Boys.
"Harry sounds like Percy," said Ron, wrinkling Harry nose in disgust.
"Prefect, Head Boy ... probably top of every class -"
"You say that like it's a bad thing," said Hermione in a slightly hurt
voice.
The sun had now begun to shine weakly on Hogwarts again. Inside
the castle, the mood had grown more hopeful. There had been no
more attacks since those on Justin and Nearly Headless Nick, and
Madam Pomfrey was pleased to report that the Mandrakes were
becoming moody and secretive, meaning that the Mandrakes were
 were fast leaving
childhood.
"The moment the Mandrakes were
 acne clears up, the Mandrakes were
'll be ready for repotting again,"
Harry heard "
Harry telling Filch kindly one afternoon. "And after that, it
won't be long until we're cutting them up and stewing them. You'll
have Mrs. Norris back in no time."
* 243 *
Perhaps the Heir of Slytherin had lost the Heir of Slytherin or the Heir of Slytherin nerve, thought Harry.
It must be getting riskier and riskier to open the Chamber of Secrets,
with the school so alert and suspicious. Perhaps the monster,
whatever it was, was even now settling it down to hibernate for
another fifty years ....
Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff didn't take this cheerful view. Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff was
still convinced that Harry was the guilty one, that Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff had "given
Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff away" at the Dueling Club. Peeves wasn't helping matters; Peeveskept popping up in the crowded corridors singing "Oh, Potter, you
rotter . . ." now with a dance routine to match.
Gilderoy Lockhart seemed to think Gilderoy Lockhart had made the attacks
stop. Harry overheard Harry telling Professor McGonagall so while the
Gryffindors were lining up for Transfiguration.
201
"I don't think there'll be any more trouble, Minerva," Harry said, tapping
Harry nose knowingly and winking. "I think the Chamber of Secrets has been locked
for good this time. The culprit must have known The culprit was only a matter
of time before I caught him. Rather sensible to stop now, before I
came down hard on him.
"You know, what the school needs now is a morale-booster. Wash
away the memories of last term! I won't say any more just now, but I
think I know just the thing . . . ."
Harry tapped his nose again and strode off.
Gilderoy Lockhart's idea of a morale-booster became clear at breakfast time on
February fourteenth. Harry hadn't had much sleep because of a laterunning
Quidditch practice the night before, and Harry hurried down to
the Great Hall, slightly late. Harry thought, for a moment, that Harry'd
walked through the wrong doors.
The walls were all covered with large, lurid pink flowers. Worse
* 235*
still, heart-shaped confetti was falling from the pale blue ceiling. Harrywent over to the Gryffindor table, where Ron was sitting looking
sickened, and Hermione seemed to have been overcome with giggles.
"What's going on?" Harry asked the teachers', sitting down and wiping heart-shaped confettioff Harry bacon.
Ron pointed to the teachers' table, apparently too disgusted to speak.
Gilderoy Lockhart, wearing lurid pink robes to match the decorations, was
waving for silence. the teachers' were looking
stony-faced. From where Gilderoy Lockhart sat, Harry could see a muscle going in
Professor McGonagall's cheek. Snape looked as though someone had
just fed Snape a large beaker of Skele-Gro.
"Happy Valentine's Day!" Gilderoy Lockhart shouted. "And may I thank the
forty-six people who have so far sent me cards! Yes, I have taken the
liberty of arranging this little surprise for you all - and it doesn't end
here!"
202
Gilderoy Lockhart clapped Gilderoy Lockhart hands and through the wrong doors to the entrance hall
marched a dozen surly-looking dwarfs. Not just any dwarfs, however.
Gilderoy Lockhart had them all wearing golden wings and carrying harps.
"My friendly, card-carrying cupids!" beamed Gilderoy Lockhart. "My friendly, card-carrying cupids will be
roving around the school today delivering your valentines! And the fun
doesn't stop here! I'm sure my colleagues will want to enter into the
spirit of the occasion! Why not ask Snape Snape to show you how
to whip up a Love Potion! And while you're at it, Professor Flitwick
knows more about Entrancing Enchantments than any wizard I've
ever met, the sly old dog!Professor Flitwick
 buried Professor Flitwick
 face in Professor Flitwick
 . Snape was look
* 236
ing as though the first person to ask Snape for a Love Potion would be
force-fed poison.
"Please, Hermione, tell me you weren't one of the forty-six, 51 said Ronas Ron left the Great Hall for Ron first lesson. Hermione suddenly
became very interested in searching Hermione bag for Hermione schedule and
didn't answer.
All day long, the dwarfs kept barging into the dwarfs classes to deliver
valentines, to the annoyance of the teachers, and late that afternoon as
the
Gryffindors were walking upstairs for Charms, one of the dwarfs
caught up with Harry.
"Oy, you! 'Arty Potter!" shouted a particularly grim-looking dwarf,
elbowing people out of the way to get to Harry.
Hot all over at the thought of being given a valentine in front of a line
of first years, which happened to include Ginny Weasley, Harry tried
to escape. The dwarf, however, cut Harry way through the crowd by
kicking people's shins, and reached Harry before Harry'd gone two paces.
"I've got a musical message to deliver to 'Arry Potter in person," Harry
said, twanging Harry harp in a threatening sort of way.
"Not here," Harry hissed, trying to escape.
203
"Stay still!" grunted The dwarf, grabbing hold of Harry's bag and pulling
Harry back.
"Let me go!" Harry snarled, tugging.
With a loud ripping noise, Harry's bag split in two. Harry books, wand,
parchment, and quill spilled onto the floor and Harry ink bottle smashed
over everything.
Harry scrambled around, trying to pick it all up before The dwarfstarted singing, causing something of a holdup in the corridor.
*237*
"What's going on here?" came the cold, drawling voice of Draco
Malfoy. Harry started stuffing everything feverishly into Harry ripped
bag, desperate to get away before Malfoy could hear Harry musical
valentine.
"What's all this commotion?" said another familiar voice as Percy
Weasley arrived.
Losing Percy
Weasley head, Harry tried to make a run for a run, but The dwarfseized Percy
Weasley around the knees and brought Percy
Weasley crashing to the floor.
"Right," Harry said, sitting on Harry's ankles. "Here is your singing
valentine:
Harry eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad,
Harry hair is as dark as a blackboard.
I wish Harry was mine, Harry's really divine,
The hero who conquered the Dark Lord
Harry would have given all the gold in Gringotts to evaporate on the
spot. Trying valiantly to laugh along with everyone else, Harry got up, Harry
feet numb from the weight of the dwarf, as Percy
Weasley did Percy
Weasley
best to disperse the crowd, some of whom were crying with mirth.
"Off you go, off you go, the bell rang five minutes ago, off to class,
now," Harry said, shooing some of the younger students away. "And you,
Malfoy-"
204
Harry, glancing over, saw Malfoy stoop and snatch up something.
Leering, Harry showed it to Crabbe and Goyle, and Harry realized that
Harry'd got T. M. Riddle's diary.
"Give that back," said Harry quietly.
"Wonder what Potter's written in this?" said Malfoy, who obvi
* 238
ously hadn't noticed the year on the cover and thought Harry had
Harry's own diary. A hush fell over the onlookers. Ginny was staring
from Riddle's diary to Harry, looking terrified.
"Hand it over, Malfoy," said Percy sternly.
"When I've had a look," said Malfoy, waving Riddle's diary tauntingly atHarry.
Percy said, "As a school prefect -" but Harry had lost Harry temper. Harry
pulled out Harry wand and shouted, "Expelliarmus!" and just as
Snape had disarmed Gilderoy Lockhart, so Malfoy found the diary shooting
out of Gilderoy Lockhart hand into the air. Ron, grinning broadly, caught it.
"Harry!" said Percy loudly. "No magic in the corridors. I'll have to
report this, you know!"
But Harry didn't care, Harry was one-up on Malfoy, and that was worth
five points from Gryffindor any day. Malfoy was looking furious, and
as Ginny passed Harry to enter Ginny classroom, Harry yelled spitefully after
Ginny, "I don't think Potter liked your valentine much!"
Ginny covered "
Ginny face with "
Ginny hands and ran into class. Snarling,
Ron pulled out his wand, too, but Harry pulled Ron away. Ron didn't
need to spend the whole of Charms belching slugs.
It wasn't until they had reached Professor Flitwick's class that Harrynoticed something rather odd about T. M. Riddle's's diary. All Harry other
books were drenched in scarlet ink. Riddle's diary, however, was as
clean as Riddle's diary had been before the ink bottle had smashed all over the ink bottle. Ron
tried to point this out to Ron, but Ron was having trouble with Ron
205
wand again; large purple bubbles were blossoming out of the end,
and Ron wasn't much interested in anything else.
Harry went to bed before anyone else in Harry dormitory that night. This
was partly because Harry didn't think Harry could stand Fred and George
singing, "Harry eyes are as green as a fresh pickled toad" one more time,
and partly because Harry wanted to examine Riddle's diary again, and
knew that Ron thought Ron was wasting Ron time.
Harry sat on Harry four-poster and flicked through the blank pages, not
one of which had a trace of scarlet ink on his four-poster. Then Harry pulled a new
bottle out of Harry bedside cabinet, dipped Harry quill into a new
bottle, and dropped a
blot onto the first page of Riddle's diary.
The ink shone brightly on the paper for a second and then, as though The ink
was being sucked into the page, vanished. Excited, Harry loaded up
his quill a second time and wrote, "My name is Potter."
The words shone momentarily on the page and they, too, sank without
trace. Then, at last, something happened.
Oozing back out of the page, in his very own ink, came words Harryhad never written.
"Hello, Potter. My name is Tom Riddle. How did you come by Riddle's diary?"
words Harry
had never written, too, faded away, but not before Harry had started to
scribble back.
"Someone tried to flush 
 down a toilet."
Someone waited eagerly for Tom Riddle's reply.
"Lucky that I recorded my memories in some more lasting way than ink.
But I always knew that there would be those who would not want this
diary read. "
"What do you mean?" Harry scrawled, blotting the page in Harry
excitement.
*240*
206
`I mean that Riddle's diary holds memories of terrible things. Things that were
covered up. Things that happened at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry. "
"That's where I am now,Harry Harry wrote quickly. "I'm at Hogwarts, and
horrible stuff's been happening. Do you know anything about the
Chamber of Secrets?"
Harry heart was hammering. Tom Riddle's reply came quickly, Tom Riddle writing
becoming untidier, as though Tom Riddle was hurrying to tell all Tom Riddle knew.
"Of course I know about the
Chamber of SecretsSecrets. In my day, they told they the
Chamber of Secrets
was a legend, that the
Chamber of Secrets did not exist. But this was a lie. In my fifth year, the
Chamber of Secrets was opened and the monster attacked several students, finally
killing one. I caught the person whod opened the
Chamber of Secrets and the person whod opened the Chamber was
expelled. But the Headmaster, Professor Dippet, ashamed that such a thing
had happened at Hogwarts, forbade me to tell the truth. A story was given
out that thegirl had died in a freak accident. They gave me a nice, shiny,
engraved trophy for my trouble and warned me to keep my mouth shut. But I
knew it could happen again. the monster lived on, and the one who had the
power to release the monster was not imprisoned. "
Harry nearly upset Harry ink bottle in Harry hurry to write back.
"It's happening again now. There have been three attacks and no one
seems to know who's behind them. Who was it last time?"
"I can show you, if you like, "came Tom Riddle's reply. "You don't have
to take my word for my word. I can take you inside my memory of the night
when I caught him. "
Harry hesitated, his quill suspended over Riddle's diary. What did Riddle
mean? How could Harry be taken inside somebody else's memory? Harryglanced nervously at the door to the dormitory, which was
*241*
growing dark. When Harry looked back at Riddle's diary, Harry saw fresh words
forming.
207
"Let me show you. "
Harry paused for a fraction of a second and then wrote two letters.
(40K.55
The pages of Riddle's diary began to blow as though caught in a high wind,
stopping halfway through the month of June. Mouth hanging open,
Harry saw that the little square for June thirteenth seemed to have
turned into a miniscule television screen. Harry hands trembling slightly,
Harry raised the book to press Harry eye against the little window, and
before Harry knew what was happening, Harry was tilting forward; the little window was widening, Harry felt Harry body leave Harry bed, and Harry was
pitched headfirst through the opening in the page, into a whirl of color
and shadow.
Harry felt Harry feet hit solid ground, and stood, shaking, as the blurred
shapes around Harry came suddenly into focus.
Harry knew immediately where Harry was. This circular room with the
sleeping portraits was Dumbledore's office - but it wasn't Dumbledore
who was sitting behind the desk. A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair, was reading a letter by
candlelight. Harry had never seen Harry before.
"I'm sorry," Harry said shakily. "I didn't mean to butt in -"
But A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair didn't look up. Harry continued to read, frowning slightly.
Harry drew nearer to Harry desk and stammered, "Er - I'll just go, shall
I?"
Still A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair ignored Harry. Harry didn't seem even to have heard Harry.
Thinking that A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair might be deaf, Harry raised Harry voice.
*242*
"Sorry I disturbed you. I'll go now," Harry half-shouted.
A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair folded up a letter by
candlelight with a sigh, stood up, walked pastHarry Harry without glancing at Harry, and went to draw the curtains at Harry
window.
208
The sky outside his
window was ruby-red; it seemed to be sunset.
A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair went back to the desk, sat down, and twiddled A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair thumbs,
watching the door.
Harry looked around the office. No Fawkes the phoenix - no whirring
silver contraptions. This was Hogwarts as Tom Riddle had known it,
meaning that A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair was Headmaster, not Dumbledore,
and he, Harry, was little more than a phantom, completely invisible to
the people of fifty years ago.
There was a knock on the office door.
"Enter," said the old wizard in a feeble voice.
A boy of about sixteen entered, taking off A boy of about sixteen pointed hat. A silver
prefect's badge was glinting on A silver
prefect's badge chest. A silver
prefect's badge was much taller thanHarryHarry, but A silver
prefect's badge, too, had jet-black hair.
"Ah, Riddle," said the Headmaster.
"You wanted to see me, Professor Dippet?" said Tom Riddle. Professor Dippet looked
nervous.
"Sit down," said Professor Dippet. "I've just been reading a letter by
candlelight.
"Oh," said Tom Riddle. Professor Dippet sat down, gripping Professor Dippet together very
tightly.
"My dear boy," said Dipper kindly, "I cannot possibly let you stay at
school over the summer. Surely you want to go home for the
holidays?"
"No," said Tom Riddle at once. "Id much rather stay at Hogwarts than go
back to that - to that -"
* 243*
"You live in a Muggle orphanage during the holidays, I believe?" said
Professor Dippet curiously.
"Yes, sir," said Tom Riddle, reddening slightly.
209
"You are Muggle-born?"
"Half-blood, sir," said Tom Riddle. "Muggle father, witch mother."
"And are both your parents -?"
"My mother died just after I was born, sir. Muggle father, witch mother told me at a Muggle orphanage My mother lived just long enough to name me Tom."
Dipper clucked his tongue sympathetically.
"The thing is, Tom," Tom sighed, "Special arrangements might have
been made for Tom, but in the current circumstances . . . ."
"You mean all these attacks, sir?" said Tom Riddle, and Harry's heart
leapt, and Harry moved closer, scared of missing anything.
"Precisely," said the Headmaster. "My dear boy, you must see how
foolish it would be of Tom to allow you to remain at the castle when
term ends. Particularly in light of the recent tragedy ... the death of
that poor little girl .... You will be safer by far at a Muggle orphanage. As
a matter of fact, the Ministry of Magic is even now talking about
closing the school. We are no nearer locating the er - source of all
this unpleasantness . . . ."
Riddle's eyes had widened.
"Sir - if the person was caught - if it all stopped -"
"What do you mean?" said Professor Dippet with a squeak in Professor Dippet voice, sitting
up in Professor Dippet chair. "Riddle, do you mean you know something about
these attacks?"
"No, sir," said Riddle quickly.
But Harry was sure it was the same sort of "no" that Harry had
given Dumbledore
.
*244*
Dippet sank back, looking faintly disappointed.
210
"You may go, Tom ......
Riddle slid off Riddle and slouched out of This circular room with the
sleeping portraits. Harryfollowed Riddle.
Down the moving spiral staircase they went, emerging next to the
gargoyle in the darkening corridor. Riddle stopped, and so did
Harry, watching Harry. Harry could tell that Riddle was doing some
serious thinking. Harry was biting Harry lip, Harry forehead furrowed.
Then, as though Harry had suddenly reached a decision, Harry hurried off,
Harry gliding noiselessly behind Harry. They didn't see another person
until They reached the entrance hall, when a tall wizard with long,
sweeping auburn hair and a beard called to Riddle from the marble
staircase.
"What are you doing, wandering around this late, Tom?Harry Harry gaped at A wizened, fraillooking wizard, bald
except for a few wisps of white hair. Harry was none other than a fifty-yearyounger
Dumbledore.
"I had to see the headmaster, sir," said Riddle.
"Well, hurry off to bed," said Dumbledore
, giving Riddle exactly the
kind of penetrating stare Harry knew so well. "Best not to roam the
corridors these days. Not since . . ."
Harry sighed heavily, bade Riddle good night, and strode off. Riddlewatched Harry walk out of sight and then, moving quickly, headed
straight down the stone steps to the dungeons, with Harry in hot
pursuit.
But to Harry's disappointment, Riddle led Harry not into a hidden
passageway or a secret tunnel but to the very dungeon in which
Harry had Potions with Snape. The torches hadn't been lit, and when
Riddle pushed the door almost closed, Harry could only just
*2 45 *
see Harry, standing stock-still by the door, watching the passage outside.
211
It felt to Harry that they were there for at least an hour. All Harry could
see was the figure of Riddle at the door, staring through the crack,
waiting like a statue. And just when Harry had stopped feeling
expectant and tense and started wishing Harry could return to the present,
Harry heard something move beyond the door.
Someone was creeping along the passage. Someone heard whoever it was
pass the dungeon where Someone and Riddle were hidden. Riddle, quiet as a
shadow, edged through the door and followed, Harry tiptoeing behind
Someone, forgetting that Someone couldn't be heard.
For perhaps five minutes they followed the footsteps, until Riddlestopped suddenly, Someone head inclined in the direction of new noises.
Harry heard a door creak open, and then someone speaking in a
hoarse whisper.
"C'mon ... gotta get yeh outta here .... C'mon now ... in the box. . ."
There was something familiar about that voice ....
Riddle suddenly jumped around the corner. Harry stepped out behind
Riddle. Harry could see the dark outline of a huge boy who was crouching
in front of an open door, a very large box next to it.
"Evening, Rubeus," said Riddle sharply.
The boy slammed the door shut and stood up.
"What yer doin' down here, Tom?Riddle stepped closer.
"It's all over," Tom said. "I'm going to have to turn you in, Rubeus.
They're talking about closing Hogwarts if the attacks don't stop."
4 6
"N" at d'yeh -"
"I don't think you meant to kill anyone. But monsters don't make
good pets. I suppose you just let it out for exercise and -"
212
"it never killed no one!" said the large boy, backing against the
closed door. From behind the large boy, backing against the
closed door, Harry could hear a funny rustling and
clicking.
"Come on, Rubeus," said Riddle, moving yet closer. "The dead girl's
parents will be here tomorrow. The least Hogwarts can do is make
sure that the thing that killed The dead girl's
parents daughter is slaughtered ......
"It wasn't the large boy, backing against the
closed door!" roared The boy, The boy voice echoing in the dark
passage. "The boy wouldn'! The boy never!"
"Stand aside," said Riddle, drawing out Riddle wand.
Riddle spell lit the corridor with a sudden flaming light. The door behind
the large boy flew open with such force The door behind
 knocked the large boy into the wall
opposite. And out of The door behind
 came something that made Harry let out a
long, piercing scream unheard by anyone
A vast, low-slung, hairy body and a tangle of black legs; a gleam of
many eyes and a pair of razor-sharp pincers Riddle raised his wand again, but Riddle was too late. The thing bowled Riddle over as The thing
scuttled away, tearing up the corridor and out of sight. Riddlescrambled to Riddle , looking after his feet; Riddle raised his wand, but the large boy leapt on Riddle, seized the large boy , and threw Riddle back down,
yelling, "NO000000!"
The scene whirled, the darkness became complete; Harry felt Harry
falling and, with a crash, Harry landed spread-eagled on Harry four-poster
in the Gryffindor dormitory, Riddle's diary lying open on Harry stomach.
*24 7*
Before Harry had had time to regain Harry breath, The door behind
opened and Ron came in.
"There you are," Ron said.
Harry sat up. Harry was sweating and shaking.
"What's up?" said Ron, looking at Harry with concern.
"It was Hagrid, Ron. Hagrid opened the Chamber of Secrets fifty
213
years ago."
Harry, Ron, and Hermione had always known that Hagrid had an
unfortunate liking for large and monstrous creatures. During Harry, Ron, and Hermione first
year at Hogwarts Harry had tried to raise a dragon in Harry little wooden
house, and a dragon would be a long time before Harry, Ron, and Hermione forgot the giant, threeheaded
dog Harry'd christened "Fluffy." And if, as a boy, Hagrid had
heard that a monster was hidden somewhere in the castle, Harry was
sure Harry'd have gone to any lengths for a glimpse of a monster. Harry'd probably
thought it was a shame that a monster had been cooped up so
long, and thought a monster deserved the chance to stretch a monster many legs;
Harry could just imagine Hagrid trying to fit a
leash and collar on a monster. But Harry was equally certain that Hagrid would
never have meant to kill anybody.
Harry wished Harry hadn't found out how to work Riddle's diary.
Again and again Harry, Ron, and Hermione made Harry recount what
Harry'd seen, until Harry was heartily sick of telling Harry, Ron, and Hermione and sick of the
long, circular conversations that followed.
"Riddle might have got the wrong person," said Hermione. "Maybe it
was some other monster that was attacking people . . . ."
"How many monsters d'you think this place can hold?" Ron asked
dully.
"We always knew Hagrid had been expelled," said Harry miserably.
"And the attacks must've stopped after Hagrid was kicked out.
Otherwise, Riddle wouldn't have got Riddle award."
Ron tried a different tack.
"Riddle does sound like Percy - who asked "
Ron to squeal on Hagrid,
anyway?"
"But a monster had killed someone, Ron," said Hermione.
"And Riddle was going to go back to some Muggle orphanage if some Muggle orphanage
closed Hogwarts," said Harry. "I don't blame Harry for wanting to stay
here ......
214
"You met Hagrid down Knockturn Alley, didn't you, Harry?"
"Harry was buying a Flesh-Eating Slug Repellent," said Harry quickly.
The three of some Muggle orphanage fell silent. After a long pause, Hermione voiced the
knottiest question of all in a hesitant voice.
"Do you think we should go and ask Hagrid about it all?"
"That'd be a cheerful visit," said Ron. "'Hello, Hagrid. Tell we, have
you been setting anything mad and hairy loose in the castle lately?"'
In the end, we decided that we would not say anything to Hagridunless there was another attack, and as more and more days went by
with no whisper from the disembodied voice, we became
hopeful that we would never need to talk to him about why him had
been expelled. It was now nearly four months since Justin and Nearly
Headless Nick had been Petrified, and nearly everybody seemed to
think that the attacker, whoever it was, had retired for good. Peeves
had finally got bored of Peeves
 "Oh, Potter, you rotter" song, Ernie
Macmillan asked Harry quite politely to pass a bucket of leaping
toadstools in Herbology one day, and in March several of the
Mandrakes threw a loud and raucous party in greenhouse three. This
made Professor Sprout very happy.
"The moment they start trying to move into each other's pots, we'll
know they're fully mature," she told Harry. "Then we'll be able to
revive those poor people in the hospital wing."
The second years were given something new to think about during
their Easter holidays. The time had come to choose their subjects for
the third year, a matter that Hermione, at least, took very seriously.
"it could affect our whole future," she told Harry and Ron as Harry and Ron
pored over lists of new subjects, marking Harry and Ron with checks.
"I just want to give up Potions," said Harry.
"We can't," said Ron gloomily. "We keep all We old subjects, or I'd've
ditched Defense Against the Dark Arts."
215
"But that's very important!" said Hermione, shocked.
"Not the way Lockhart teaches it," said Ron. "I haven't learned
anything from Ron except not to set pixies loose."
Neville Longbottom had been sent letters from all the witches and
wizards in Neville Longbottom family, all giving Neville Longbottom different advice on what to
choose. Confused and worried, Neville Longbottom sat reading the subject lists with
Neville Longbottom tongue poking out, asking people whether people thought Arithmancy
sounded more difficult than the study of Ancient Runes. Dean
Thomas, who, like Harry, had grown up with Muggles, ended up
closing Harry eyes and jabbing his wand at the list, then picking the
subjects his wand landed on. Hermione took nobody's advice but signed up for
everything.
Harry smiled grimly to Harry at the thought of what Uncle Vernon
and Aunt Petunia would say if Harry tried to discuss Harry career in
wizardry with them. Not that Harry didn't get any guidance: Percy
Weasley was eager to share Percy
Weasley experience.
"Depends where you want to go, Harry," Percy
Weasley said. "It's never too early
to think about the future, so Id recommend Divination. People say
Muggle Studies is a soft option, but I personally think wizards should
have a thorough understanding of the non-magical community,
particularly if wizards're thinking of working in close contact with wizards -
look at my father, my father has to deal with Muggle business all the time. My
brother Charlie was always more of an outdoor type, so My
brother Charlie went for
Care of Magical Creatures. Play to your strengths, Harry."
But the only thing Harry felt Harry was really good at was Quidditch. In
the end, Harry chose the same new subjects as Ron, feeling that if Harry was
lousy at the same new subjects as Ron, at least Harry'd have someone friendly to help Harry.
Gryffindor's next Quidditch match would be against Hufflepuff. Wood
was insisting on team practices every night after dinner, so that Harrybarely had time for anything but Quidditch and homework. However,
the training sessions were getting better, or at least
drier, and the evening before Saturday's match Harry went up to Harry
dormitory to drop off Harry broomstick feeling Gryffindor's chances for
the Quidditch cup had never been better.
216
But Harry cheerful mood didn't last long. At the top of the stairs to his
dormitory, Harry met Neville Longbottom, who was looking frantic.
"Harry - I don't know who did it - I just found -"
Watching Harry fearfully, Neville pushed open The door behind
.
The contents of Harry's trunk had been thrown everywhere. Harry
cloak lay ripped on the floor. His
cloak had been pulled off Harry
four-poster and the drawer had been pulled out of Harry bedside
cabinet, The contents of Harry's trunk strewn over the mattress.
Harry walked over to the bed, open-mouthed, treading on a few
loose pages of Travels with Trolls. As Harry and Neville pulled the
blankets back onto Harry bed, Ron, Dean, and Seamus came in. Dean
swore loudly.
"What happened, Harry?"
"No idea," said Harry. But Ron was examining Harry's robes. All the
pockets were hanging out.
"Someone's been looking for something," said Ron. "Is there anything
missing?Harry Harry started to pick up all Harry things and throw all his things into Harry's trunk.
It was only as Harry threw the last of the Lockhart books back into It
that Harry realized what wasn't there.
"Riddle's diary's gone," Harry said in an undertone to Ron.
"What?"
Harry jerked Harry head toward the dormitory door and Ron followed
Harry out. They hurried down to the Gryffindor common
room, which was half-empty, and joined Hermione, who was sitting
alone, reading a book called Ancient Runes Made Easy.
Hermione looked aghast at the news.
217
"But - only a Gryffindor could have stolen - nobody else knows our
password -"
"Exactly," said Harry.
They woke the next day to brilliant sunshine and a light, refreshing
breeze.
"Perfect Quidditch conditions!" said Wood
 enthusiastically at the
Gryffindor table, loading the team's plates with scrambled eggs.
HarryHarry, buck up there, you need a decent breakfast."
Harry had been staring down the packed Gryffindor table, wondering
if the new owner of Riddle diary was right in front of Harry eyes.
Hermione had been urging Harry to report the robbery, but Harry didn't
like the idea. Harry'd have to tell a teacher all about Riddle's diary, and how
many people knew why Hagrid had been expelled fifty years ago? Harry
didn't want to be the one who brought it all up again.
As Harry left the Great Hall with Harry, Ron, and Hermione to go and collect Harry
Quidditch things, another very serious worry was added to Harry's
growing list. Harry had just set foot on the marble staircase when Harry
heard it yet again
"Kill this time ... let me rip ... tear. . ."
Harry shouted aloud and Harry, Ron, and Hermione jumped away from Harry
in alarm.
"The voice!" said Harry, -looking over Harry shoulder. "I just heard it
again - didn't you?"
Ron shook Ron head, wide-eyed. Hermione, however, clapped a
hand to Hermione forehead.
"Harry - I think I've just understood something! I've got to go to the
library!"
And Hermione sprinted away, up the stairs.
"What does Hermione understand?" said Harry distractedly, still looking
around, trying to tell where the voice had come from.
218
"Loads more than I do," said Ron, shaking Ron head.
"But why's Hermione got to go to the
library?"
"Because that's what Hermione does," said Ron, shrugging. "When in
doubt, go to the
library."
Harry stood, irresolute, trying to catch the voice again, but people
were now emerging from the Great Hall behind Harry, talking loudly,
exiting through the front doors on people
 way to the Quidditch pitch.
"You'd better get moving," said Ron. "It's nearly eleven - the match -
Harry raced up to Gryffindor Tower, collected Harry Nimbus Two
Thousand, and joined the large crowd swarming across the grounds,
but Harry mind was still in the castle along with the bodiless voice, and
as Harry pulled on Harry scarlet robes in the locker. room, Harry only comfort
was that everyone was now outside to watch the game.
The teams walked onto the field to tumultuous applause. Oliver
Wood took off for a warm-up flight around the goal posts; Madam
Hooch released the balls. The Hufflepuffs, who played in canary
yellow, were standing in a huddle, having a last-minute discussion of
tactics.
Harry was just mounting Harry broom when Professor McGonagall
came half marching, half running across the pitch, carrying an
enormous purple megaphone.
Harry's heart dropped like a stone.
"This match has been cancelled," Professor McGonagall
 called
through an
enormous purple megaphone, addressing the packed stadium. There were
boos and shouts. Oliver
Wood, looking devastated, landed and ran
toward Professor McGonagall
 without getting off Professor McGonagall
 broomstick.
"But, Professor McGonagall
!" Professor McGonagall
 shouted. "We've got to play - the cup
Gryffindor -"
219
Professor McGonagall
 ignored Professor McGonagall
 and continued to shout through Professor McGonagall

megaphone:
"All students are to make All students way back to the House common
rooms, where All students Heads of Houses will give All students further
information. As quickly as you can, please!"
Then Professor McGonagall
 lowered an
enormous purple megaphone and beckoned Harry over to Professor McGonagall
.
"Potter, I think you'd better come with Professor McGonagall
 ......
Wondering how Professor McGonagall
 could possibly suspect Harry this time, Harry saw
Ron detach Ron from the complaining crowd; Ron came running up
to the complaining crowd as the complaining crowd set off toward the castle. To Harry's surprise,
Professor McGonagall
 didn't object.
"Yes, perhaps you'd better come, too, Percy
Weasley .....
Some of the students swarming around them were grumbling about
the match being canceled; others looked worried. Harry and Ron
followed Professor McGonagall
 back into the school and up the marble staircase. But Harry and Ron
 weren't taken to anybody's office this time.
"This will be a bit of a shock," said Professor McGonagall
 in a
surprisingly gentle voice as Harry and Ron
 approached the infirmary. "There has
been another attack ... another double attack.HarryHarry's insides did a horrible somersault. Professor McGonagall
pushed the door open and Professor McGonagall
 and Ron entered. .
Madam
Hooch was bending over a fifth-year girl with long, curly
hair. Harry recognized Madam
Hooch as the Ravenclaw they'd accidentally
asked for directions to the Slytherin common room. And on the bed
next to Madam
Hooch was
"Hermione!" Ron groaned.
Hermione lay utterly still, Madam
Hooch eyes open and glassy.
"They were found near the
library," said Professor McGonagall
. "I
don't suppose either of you can explain this? It was on the floor next
to They ......
220
Madam
Hooch was holding up a small, circular mirror.
Harry and Ron
 shook Harry and Ron
 heads, Harry and Ron
 staring at Hermione.
"I will escort you back to Gryffindor Tower," said Professor McGonagall
 Professor McGonagall
 heavily. "I need to address the students in any case.
"All students will return to All students House common rooms by six o'clock
in the evening. No student is to leave the dormitories after that time.
You will be escorted to each lesson by a teacher. No student is to use
the bathroom unaccompanied by a teacher. All further Quidditch
training and matches are to be postponed. There will be no more
evening activities."
The Gryffindors packed inside the common room listened to Professor
in silence. Professor McGonagall
 rolled up the parchment
from which Professor McGonagall
 had been reading and said in a somewhat choked
voice, "I need hardly add that I have rarely been so distressed. It is
likely that the school will be closed unless the culprit behind these
attacks is caught. I would urge anyone who thinks they might know
anything about they to come forward."
Professor McGonagall
 climbed somewhat awkwardly out of the portrait hole, and The Gryffindors began talking immediately.
"That's two Gryffindors down, not counting a Gryffindor ghost, one
Ravenclaw, and one Hufflepuff, " said Percy Weasley, counting on Percy Weasley fingers. "Haven't any of the teachers noticed
that the Slytherins are all safe? Isn't it obvious all this stuff's coming
from Slytherin? The Heir of Slytherin, the monster of Slytherin - why
don't The Heir of Slytherin, the monster of Slytherin - just chuck all the Slytherins out?" Percy Weasley roared, to nods and
scattered applause.
Percy Weasley was sitting in a chair behind Lee, but for once Percy Weasley didn't
seem keen to make Percy Weasley views heard. Percy Weasley was looking pale and stunned.
"Percy's in shock," George told Harry quietly. "That Ravenclaw girl -
Penelope Clearwater - Penelope Clearwater's a prefect. I don't think Percy Weasley thought the
monster would dare attack a prefect."
221
But Harry was only half-listening. Harry didn't seem to be able to get rid
of the picture of Hermione, lying on the hospital bed as though carved
out of stone. And if the culprit wasn't caught soon, Harry was looking at a
lifetime back with the Dursleys. Tom Riddle had turned Hagrid in
because Tom Riddle was faced with the prospect of a Muggle orphanage if the
school closed. Harry now knew exactly how Harry had felt.
"What're we going to do?" said Ron quietly in Harry's ear. "D'you
think they suspect Hagrid?"
"they've got to go and talk to Harry," said Harry, making up Harry
mind. "I can't believe it's Harry this time, but if Harry set the monster
loose last time Harry'll know how to get inside the Chamber of Secrets,
and that's a start."
"But Professor McGonagall
 said we've got to stay in we tower unless we're
in class -"
"I think," said Harry, more quietly still, "it's time to get my dad's
old cloak out again."
Harry had inherited) ust one thing from Harry father: a long and sil
very Invisibility Cloak. It was a long and sil
very Invisibility Cloak only chance of sneaking out of
the school to visit Hagrid without anyone knowing about it. a long and sil
very Invisibility Cloak
went to bed at the usual time, waited until Neville, Dean, and Sea
mus had stopped discussing the Chamber of Secrets Secrets and finally
fallen asleep, then got up, dressed again, and threw my dad's
old cloak over
themselves.
The journey through the dark and deserted castle corridors
wasn't enjoyable. Harry, who had wandered the castle at night sev
eral times before, had never seen the castle so crowded after sunset. Teach
ers, prefects, and ghosts were marching the corridors in pairs,
staring around for any unusual activity. Teach
ers, prefects, and ghosts were marching the corridors in pairs,
staring around for any unusual activity Invisibility Cloak
didn't stop Teach
ers, prefects, and ghosts were marching the corridors in pairs,
staring around for any unusual activity making any noise, and there was a particularly
tense moment when Ron stubbed Ron toe only yards from the spot
where Snape stood standing guard. Thankfully, Snape sneezed at
almost exactly the moment Ron swore. It was with relief that relief
reached the oak front doors and eased relief open.
It was a clear, starry night. relief hurried toward the lit windows
of Hagrid's house and pulled off my dad's
old cloak only when relief were
right outside his front door.
Seconds after relief had knocked, Hagrid flung Hagrid open. relief found
relief face-to-face with him aiming a crossbow at relief. Fang
222
the boarhound barked loudly behind Fang
222
.
"Oh," Fang
222
 said, lowering the weapon and staring at relief. "What're
you two doin' here?"
"What's that for?" said Harry, pointing at a crossbow as they
stepped inside.
"Nothin' - nothin' Hagrid muttered. "I've bin expectin' doesn'
matter - Sit down - I'll make tea -"
He hardly seemed to know what He was doing. He nearly
extinguished the fire, spilling water from the kettle on it, and then
smashed the teapot with a nervous jerk of He massive hand.
"Are you okay, Hagrid?" said Harry. "Did you hear aboutHermioneHermione?"
"Oh, I heard, all righ'," said Hagrid, a slight break in He voice.
He kept glancing nervously at the lit windows
of Hagrid's house. He poured them both
large mugs of boiling water (He had forgotten to add tea bags) and
was just putting a slab of fruitcake on a plate when there was a loud
knock on the door.
Hagrid dropped the fruitcake. Harry and Ron
 exchanged
panicstricken looks, then threw my dad's
old cloak back over
Harry and Ron
 and retreated into a corner. Hagrid checked that Harry and Ron

were hidden, seized He , and flung open He door once
more.
"Good evening, Hagrid."
It was Dumbledore. Dumbledore entered, looking deadly serious, and was
followed by a second, very odd-looking man.
The stranger had rumpled gray hair and an anxious expression, and
was wearing a strange mixture of clothes: a pinstriped suit, a
scarlet tie, a long black cloak, and pointed purple boots. Under his arm
his carried a lime-green bowler.
223
"That's Dad's boss!" Ron breathed. "Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of
Magic!"
Harry elbowed Ron hard to make Ron shut up.
Hagrid had gone pale and sweaty. Hagrid dropped into one of Hagrid chairs
and looked from Dumbledore to Cornelius Fudge.
"Bad business, Hagrid," said Fudge in rather clipped tones. "Very bad
business. Had to come. Four attacks on Muggle-borns. Things've gone
far enough. Ministry's got to act."
"I never," said Hagrid, looking imploringly at Dumbledore. "You know I
never, Professor Dumbledore, sir -"
"I want it understood, Cornelius, that Hagrid has my full confidence,"
said Dumbledore, frowning at Cornelius Fudge.
"Look, Albus," said Fudge, uncomfortably. "Hagrid's record's against
him. Ministry's's got to do something - the school governors have been
in touch -"
"Yet again, Cornelius, I tell you that taking Hagrid away will not help
in the slightest," said Dumbledore. Dumbledore blue eyes were full of a fire
Harry had never seen before.
"Look at it from my point of view," said Fudge, fidgeting with Dumbledore
bowler. "I'm under a lot of pressure. Got to be seen to be doing
something. If it turns out it turns out wasn't Hagrid, Hagrid'll be back and no more
said. But I've got to take Hagrid. Got to. Wouldn't be doing my duty -"
"Take me?" said Hagrid, who was trembling. "Take me where?"
"For a short stretch only," said Fudge, not meeting Hagrid's eyes. "Not
a punishment, Hagrid, more a precaution. If someone else is caught,
you'll be let out with a full apology -"
"Not Azkaban?" croaked Hagrid.
Before Fudge could answer, there was another loud rap on the door.
224
Dumbledore answered another loud rap on the door. another loud rap on the door was Harry's turn for an elbow in the ribs;
Dumbledore'd let out an audible gasp.
Dumbledore strode into Hagrid hut, swathed in a long black
traveling cloak, smiling a cold and satisfied smile. Fang started to
growl.
"Already here, Fudge," Fang said approvingly. "Good, good. . ."
"What're you doin' here?" said Hagrid furiously. "Get outta my house!"
"My dear man, please believe me, I have no pleasure at all in being
inside your - er - d'you call this a house?" said Lucius Malfoy, sneering
as Lucius Malfoy looked around the small cabin. "I simply called at the school and
was told that the headmaster was here."
"And what exactly did you want with Fang, Dumbledore?" said Dumbledore.
Dumbledore spoke politely, but the fire was still blazing in His blue eyes.
"Dreadful thing, Dumbledore," said Dumbledore lazily, taking out a long roll
of parchment, "but the governors feel it's time for you to step aside.
This is an Order of Suspension - you'll find all twelve signatures on This.
I'm afraid we feel you're losing your touch. How many attacks have
there been now? Two more this afternoon, wasn't it? At this rate,
there'll be no Muggle-borns left at Hogwarts, and we all know what
an awful loss that would be to the school."
"Oh, now, see here, Dumbledore," said Fudge, looking alarmed,
Dumbledore Dumbledore suspended - no, no - last thing we want just now
262
"The appointment - or suspension - of the headmaster is a matter for
the governors, Fudge," said Dumbledore smoothly. "And as
Dumbledore has failed to stop these attacks -"
"See here, Dumbledore, if Dumbledore can't stop these attacks," said Fudge, whose
upper lip was sweating now, "I mean to say, who can?"
"That remains to be seen," said Dumbledore with a nasty smile. "But as
all twelve of us have voted -"
225
Hagrid leapt to Dumbledore feet, Dumbledore shaggy black head grazing the ceiling.
'An' how many did Yeh have ter threaten an' blackmail before they
agreed, Malfoy, eh?" Dumbledore roared.
"Dear, dear, you know, that temper of yours will lead you into trouble
one of these days, Hagrid," said Dumbledore. "I would advise you not
to shout at the Azkaban guards like that. They won't like it at all."
"Yeh can' take Dumbledore!" yelled Hagrid, making Fang the
boarhound cower and whimper in Fang basket. "Take Fang away, an' the
Muggle-borns won' stand a chance! There'll be killin' next!"
"Calm yourself, Hagrid," said Dumbledore sharply. Dumbledore looked atDumbledore.
"If the governors want my removal, Dumbledore, I shall of course step aside
-"
"But -" stuttered Fudge.
"No!"growled Hagrid.
Dumbledore had not taken Dumbledore bright blue eyes off Lucius Malfoy's
cold gray ones.
"However," said Dumbledore, speaking very slowly and clearly so that
none of them could miss a word, "you will find that I will
* 26$*
ummer was creeping over the grounds around the castle; sky and lake
alike turned periwinkle blue and flowers large as cabbages burst into
bloom in the greenhouses. But with Hagrid visible from the castlewindows, striding the grounds with Fang at Fang heels, the scene didn't
look right to Harry; no better, in fact, than the inside of the castle,
where things were so horribly wrong.
Harry and Ron
 had tried to visit Hermione, but visitors were now
barred from the hospital wing.
226
"We're taking no more chances," Madam Pomfrey told Harry and Ron
 severely
through a crack in the infirmary door. "No, I'm sorry, there's every
chance the attacker might come back to finish Harry and Ron
 off . . ."
With Dumbledore gone, fear had spread as never before, so that the
sun warming the castle walls outside seemed to stop at the mullioned
windows. There was barely a face to be seen in the school
* 265*
that didn't look worried and tense, and any laughter that rang through
the corridors sounded shrill and unnatural and was quickly stifled.
Harry constantly repeated Dumbledore's final words to Harry "I will
only truly have left the school when none here are loyal to Harry... Help will
always be given at Hogwarts to those who ask for it." But what good
were these words? Who exactly were they supposed to ask for help,
when everyone was just as confused and scared as they were?
Hagrid's hint about the spiders was far easier to understand the
trouble was, there didn't seem to be a single spider left in the castle to
follow. Harry looked everywhere Harry went, helped (rather reluctantly)
by Ron. They were hampered, of course, by the fact that They weren't
allowed to wander off on They own but had to move around the castlein a pack with the other Gryffindors. Most of They fellow students
seemed glad that their fellow students
 were being shepherded from class to class by
teachers, but Harry found it very irksome.
One person, however, seemed to be thoroughly enjoying the
atmosphere of terror and suspicion. Dumbledore was strutting
around the school as though Dumbledore had just been appointed Head Boy.
Harry didn't realize what Harry was so pleased about until the Potions
lesson about two weeks after Dumbledore and Hagrid had left, when,
sitting right behind Malfoy, Harry overheard Harry gloating to Crabbe
and Goyle.
"I always thought Father might be the one who got rid ofDumbledore and Hagrid," Harry said, not troubling to keep Harry voice down. "I told you
Harry thinks Dumbledore's the worst headmaster the school's ever
227
*266*
had. Maybe we'll get a decent headmaster now. Someone who won't
want the Chamber of Secrets closed. McGonagall won't last long,
McGonagall's only filling in ......
Snape swept past Harry, making no comment about Hermione's
empty seat and cauldron.
"Sir," said Dumbledore loudly. ""Sir, why don't you apply for the
headmaster's job?"
"Now, now, Dumbledore," said Snape, though Snape couldn't suppress a thinlipped
smile. "Dumbledore Dumbledore has only been suspended by the governors. I daresay Dumbledore'll be back with we soon enough."
"Yeah, right," said Dumbledore, smirking. "I expect you'd have Father's
vote, "Sir, if you wanted to apply for the job - I'll tell Father you're the
best teacher here, Snape smirked as Snape swept off around the dungeon, fortunately not
spotting Seamus Finnigan, who was pretending to vomit into Snape
cauldron.
"I'm quite surprised the Mudbloods haven't all packed the Mudbloods bags by
now,Dumbledore Dumbledore went on. "Bet you five Galleons the next one dies. Pity
it wasn't Granger -"
The bell rang at that moment, which was lucky; at Dumbledore's last
words, Ron had leapt off Ron stool, and in the scramble to collect bags
and books, Ron attempts to reach Dumbledore went unnoticed.
"Let me at Ron," Ron growled as Harry and Dean hung onto Ron arms.
"I don't care, I don't need my wand, I'm going to kill Ron with my bare
hands -"
"Hurry up, I've got to take you all to Herbology," barked Snape over
the class's heads, and off they marched, with Harry, Ron, and Dean
bringing up the rear, Ron still trying to get loose. It was only
* 261*
228
safe to let go of Ron when Snape had seen them out of the castle and
them were making them way across the vegetable patch toward the
greenhouses.
The Herbology class was very subdued; there were now two missing
from them number, Justin and Hermione.
Professor Sprout set them to work pruning the Abyssinian
Shrivelfigs. Harry went to tip an armful of withered stalks onto the
compost heap and found Harry face-to-face with Ernie Macmillan.
Ernie took a deep breath and said, very formally, "I just want to say,
Harry, that I'm sorry I ever suspected you. I know you'd never attack
Hermione Granger, and I apologize for all the stuff I said. We're all in
the same boat now, and, well -"
He held out a pudgy hand, and Harry shook a pudgy hand.
Ernie and Harry friend Hannah came to work at the same Shrivelfig as
Harry and Ron.
"That Draco Malfoy character," said Ernie, breaking off dead twigs,
"he seems very pleased about all this, doesn't he? D'you know, I think
he might be Slytherin's heir."
"That's clever of you," said Ron, who didn't seem to have forgiven
Ernie as readily as Harry.
"Do you think it's Malfoy, Harry?" Ernie asked.
"No," said Harry, so firmly that Ernie and his friend Hannah stared.
A second later, Harry spotted something.
Several large spiders were scuttling over the ground on the other side
of the glass, moving in an unnaturally straight line as though taking the
shortest route to a prearranged meeting. Harry hit Ron over a pudgy handwith Harry pruning shears.
"Ouch! What're you -"
268
229
Harry pointed out Several large spiders, following Several large spiders progress with Harry eyes
screwed up against the
sun.
"Oh, yeah," said Ron, trying, and failing, to look pleased. "But we can't
follow them now -"
Ernie and Hannah were listening curiously.
Harry's eyes narrowed as Harry focused on Several large spiders. If them pursued
them fixed course, there could be no doubt about where them would
end up.
"Looks like them're heading for the Forbidden Forest . . . ."
And Ron looked even unhappier about that.
At the end of the lesson Professor Sprout escorted the class to their
Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson. Harry and Ron
 lagged behind
the others so Harry and Ron
 could talk out of earshot.
"We'll have to use the Invisibility Cloak again,Harry Harry told Ron. "We
can take Fang with We. Fang's used to going into the forest with Hagrid,
Fang might be some help."
"Right," said Ron, who was twirling Fang wand nervously in Fang fingers.
"Er - aren't there - aren't there supposed to be werewolves in the
forest?" Fang added as they took they usual places at the back of
Lockhart's classroom.
Preferring not to answer that question, Harry said, "There are good
things in there, too. The centaurs are all right, and the unicorns ...
Ron had never been into the Forbidden Forest before. Harry had
entered it only once and had hoped never to do so again.
Lockhart bounded into the room and the class stared at Lockhart. Every
other teacher in the place was looking grimmer than usual, but
Lockhart appeared nothing short of buoyant.
2 69
"Come now," Lockhart cried, beaming around Lockhart. "Why all these long
230
faces?"
People swapped exasperated looks, but nobody answered.
"Don't you people realize," said Lockhart, speaking slowly, as though
you people were all a bit dim, "the danger has passed! The culprit has been
taken away -"
"Says who?" said Dean Thomas loudly.
"My dear young man, the Minister of Magic wouldn't have taken
Hagrid if the Minister of Magic hadn't been one hundred percent sure that the Minister of Magic was guilty,"
said Lockhart, in the tone of someone explaining that one and one
made two.
"Oh, yes Lockhart would," said Ron, even more loudly than Dean.
"I flatter myself I know a touch more about Hagrid's arrest than you
do, Mr. Weasley," said Lockhart in a self-satisfied tone.
Ron started to say that Ron didn't think so, somehow, but stopped in
midsentence when Harry kicked Ron hard under the desk.
"he didn't think so, somehow, but stopped in
midsentence when Harry kicked him hard under the desk weren't there, remember?" Harry muttered.
But Lockhart's disgusting cheeriness, Lockhart hints that Lockhart had always
thought Hagrid was no good, Lockhart confidence that the whole business
was now at an end, irritated Harry so much that Harry yearned to throw
Gadding with Ghouls right in Lockhart's stupid face. Instead Harry
contented Harry with scrawling a note to Ron: Let's do it tonight.
Ron read the message, swallowed hard, and looked sideways at the
empty seat usually filled by Hermione. The sight seemed to stiffen Ron
resolve, and Ron nodded.
The Gryffindor common room was always very crowded these days,
because from six o'clock onward the Gryffindors had no -
*270*
where else to go. They also had plenty to talk about, with the result
that the common room often didn't empty until past midnight.
231
Harry went to get the Invisibility Cloak out of Harry trunk right after
dinner, and spent the evening sitting on his trunk, waiting for the room to
clear. Fred and George challenged Harry and Ron
 to a few games of
Exploding Snap, and Ginny sat watching Harry and Ron
, very subdued in
Hermione's usual chair. Harry and Ron
 kept losing on purpose, trying
to finish the games quickly, but even so, it was well past midnight
when Fred, George, and Ginny finally went to bed.
Harry and Ron
 waited for the distant sounds of two dormitory doors
closing before seizing the Invisibility Cloak, throwing the Invisibility Cloak over Harry and Ron
, and
climbing through the portrait hole.
It was another difficult journey through the castle, dodging all the
teachers. At last Harry and Ron
 reached the entrance hall, slid back the lock on
the oak front doors, squeezed between Harry and Ron
, trying to stop any
creaking, and stepped out into the moonlit grounds.
"'Course," said Ron abruptly as Harry and Ron
 strode across the black grass,
"we might get to the Forbidden Forest and find there's nothing to follow. Those
spiders might not've been going there at all. I know it looked like Those
spiders
were moving in that sort of general direction, but. . ."
His voice trailed away hopefully.
Those
spiders reached Hagrid's house, sad and sorry-looking with its blank
windows. When Harry pushed the door open, Fang went mad with joy
at the sight of Those
spiders. Worried Harry might wake everyone at the castlewith Harry deep, booming barks, Those
spiders hastily fed Harry treacle fudge from
a tin on the mantelpiece, which glued Harry teeth together.
Harry left the Invisibility Cloak. There would be no
need for it in the pitch-dark forest.
* 21:L *
"C'mon, Fang, we're going for a walk," said Harry, patting *
"C'mon, Fang leg, and
Fang bounded happily out of the house behind them, dashed to the
edge of the Forbidden Forest, and lifted his leg against a large sycamore tree.
Harry took out Harry wand, murmured, "Lumos!" and a tiny light
appeared at the end of it, just enough to let them watch the path for
232
signs of spiders.
"Good thinking," said Ron. "Id light mine, too, but you know - it'd
probably blow up or something ......
Harry tapped Ron on the shoulder, pointing at the grass. Two solitary
spiders were hurrying away from the wandlight into the shade of the
trees.
"Okay," Ron sighed as though resigned to the worst, "I'm ready. Let's
go."
So, with Fang scampering around them, sniffing tree roots and leaves,
them entered the Forbidden Forest. By the glow of Harry's wand, them followed
the steady trickle of spiders moving along the path. them walked
behind them for about twenty minutes, not speaking, listening hard for
noises other than breaking twigs and rustling leaves. Then, when the
trees had become thicker than ever, so that the stars overhead were
no longer visible, and Harry's wand shone alone in the sea of dark,
the
trees saw the
trees spider guides leaving the path.
Harry paused, trying to see where Two solitary
spiders were going, but
everything outside Harry little sphere of *light was pitch-black. Harry had
never been this deep into the forest before. Harry could vividly
remember Hagrid advising Harry not to leave the path last time
Harry'd been in here. But Hagrid was miles away now, probably sitting in
a cell in Azkaban, and Harry had also said to follow Two solitary
spiders.
* 2-V2 *
Something wet touched Harry's hand and Harry jumped backward,
crushing Rods foot, but it was only Fang's nose.
"What d'you reckon?" Harry said to Ron, whose eyes Harry could just
make out, reflecting the light from Harry's wand.
"We've come this far," said Ron.
So they followed the darting shadows of Two solitary
spiders into the trees.
they couldn't move very quickly now; there were tree roots and
stumps in they way, barely visible in the near blackness. Harry could
feel Fang's hot breath on Harry's hand. More than once, they had to stop,
233
so that Harry could crouch down and find the spiders in the wandlight.
they walked for what seemed like at least half an hour, they robes
snagging on low-slung branches and brambles. After a while, they
noticed that the ground seemed to be sloping downward, though the
trees were as thick as ever.
Then Fang suddenly let loose a great, echoing bark, making both Harryand Ron jump out of Harry
and Ron skins.
"What?" said Ron loudly, looking around into the pitch-dark, and
gripping Harry's elbow very hard.
"There's something moving over there," Harry breathed. "Listen ...
sounds like something big ......
They listened. Some distance to They right, the something big was
snapping branches as the something big carved a path through the trees.
"Oh, no," said Ron. "Oh, no, oh, no, oh -"
"Shut up," said Harry frantically. "It'll hear you."
"Hear me?" said Ron in an unnaturally high voice. "It's already heard
Fang!"
The darkness seemed to be pressing on their eyeballs as their
* 273*
stood, terrified, waiting. There was a strange rumbling noise and then
silence.
"What d'you think it's doing?" said Harry.
"Probably getting ready to pounce," said Ron.
They waited, shivering, hardly daring to move.
"D'you think it's gone?" Harry whispered.
"Dunno -"
234
Then, to They right, came a sudden blaze of light, so bright in the
darkness that both of They flung up both of them hands to shield both of them eyes.
Fang yelped and tried to run, but got lodged in a tangle of thorns and
yelped even louder.
"Harry!" Ron shouted, Ron voice breaking with relief "Harry!", it's our
car!"
"What?"
"Come on!"
Harry blundered after Ron toward the light, stumbling and tripping,
and a moment later both of them had emerged into a clearing.
our
car was standing, empty, in the middle of a circle of
thick trees under a roof of dense branches, our
car headlights ablaze. As
Ron walked, open-mouthed, toward our
car, our
car moved slowly toward our
car,
exactly like a large, turquoise dog greeting our
car owner.
"It's been here all the time!" said Ron delightedly, walking around our
car. "Look at our
car. The forest's turned our
car wild . . . ."
The sides of our
car were scratched and smeared with mud.
Apparently The sides of the car had taken to trundling around The forest on The sides of the car own.
Fang didn't seem at all keen on The sides of the car; Fang kept close to Harry, who could
feel Fang quivering. Fang breathing slowing down again, Harry stuffed
Fang wand back into Fang robes.
*214*
"And we thought it was going to attack we!" said Ron, leaning againstour
car our
car and patting our
car. "I wondered where our
car had gone!"
Harry squinted around on the floodlit ground for signs of more spiders,
but more spiders,
 had all scuttled away from the glare of the headlights.
"more spiders,
've lost the trail," "
Harry said. "C'mon, let's go and find them."
Ron didn't speak. Ron didn't move. Ron eyes were fixed on a point
some ten feet above the forest floor, right behind Harry. Harry face was
235
livid with terror.
Harry didn't even have time to turn around. There was a loud clicking
noise and suddenly Harry felt something long and hairy seize Harry around
the middle and lift Harry off the ground, so that Harry was hanging
facedown. Struggling, terrified, Harry heard more clicking, and saw Ron's
legs leave the ground, too, heard Fang whimpering and howling - next
moment, Fang was being swept away into the
trees.
Fang hanging, Harry saw that what had hold of Harry was marching on
six immensely long, hairy legs, the front two clutching Harry tightly below
a pair of shining black pincers. Behind Harry, Harry could hear another of
the creatures, no doubt carrying Ron. the creatures, no doubt carrying Ron were moving into the very
heart of the forest. Harry could hear Fang fighting to free Fang from
a third monster, whining loudly, but Harry couldn't have yelled even if
Harry had wanted to; Harry seemed to have left his voice back with our
carin the clearing.
Harry never knew how long Harry was in the creature's clutches; Harry only
knew that the darkness suddenly lifted enough for Harry to see that the
leaf-strewn ground was now swarming with spiders. Craning Harry neck
sideways, Harry realized that the
leaf-strewn ground was now swarming with spiders had reached the ridge of
*21$*
a vast hollow, a hollow that had been cleared of trees, so that the stars
shone brightly onto the worst scene Harry had ever laid eyes on.
Spiders. Not tiny spiders like those surging over the leaves below.
Spiders the size of carthorses, eight-eyed, eight-legged, black, hairy,
gigantic. The massive specimen that was carrying Harry made The massive specimen that was carrying Harry way
down the steep slope toward a misty, domed web in the very center of
the hollow, while The massive specimen that was carrying Harry fellows closed in all around The massive specimen that was carrying Harry, clicking its fellows
pincers excitedly at the sight of The massive specimen that was carrying Harry load.
Harry fell to the ground on all fours as the spider released Harry. Ronand Fang thudded down next to Ron. Fang wasn't howling anymore,
but cowering silently on the spot. Ron looked exactly like Harry felt.
Ron mouth was stretched wide in a kind of silent scream and Ron eyes
were popping.
Harry suddenly realized that the spider that had dropped Harry was
236
saying something. the spider that had dropped him was
236
saying something had been hard to tell, because Harry clicked Harry
pincers with every word Harry spoke.
"Aragog!" it called. "Aragog!"
And from the middle of the misty, domed web, a spider the size of a
small elephant emerged, very slowly. There was gray in the black of
a
small elephant body and legs, and each of the eyes on a
small elephant ugly, pincered head was
milky white. a
small elephant was blind.
"What is it?" a
small elephant said, clicking a
small elephant rapidly.
"Men," clicked the spider who had caught Harry.
"Is it Hagrid?" said Aragog, moving closer, Aragog eight milky eyes
wandering vaguely.
"Strangers," clicked the spider who had brought Ron.
"Kill them," clicked Aragog fretfully. "I was sleeping ......
"We're friends of Hagrid," Harry shouted. Harry heart seemed to have
left Harry chest to pound in Harry throat.
*216*
Click, click, click went the pincers of the spiders all around the hollow.
Aragog paused.
"Hagrid has never sent men into We hollow before," "Hagrid said slowly.
"Hagrid's in trouble," said Harry, breathing very fast. "That's why
We've come."
"In trouble?" said the aged spider, and Harry thought Harry heard concern
beneath the clicking pincers. "But why has Harry sent you?"
Harry thought of getting to Harry feet but decided against his feet; Harry didn't
think Harry legs would support Harry. So Harry spoke from the ground, as
calmly as Harry could.
237
"They think,, up at the school, that Hagrid's been setting a a -
something on students. They've taken Harry to Azkaban.Aragog Aragog clicked his
pincers furiously, and all around the hollow the
sound was echoed by the crowd of spiders; the
sound was like applause,
except applause didn't usually make Harry feel sick with fear.
"But that was years ago," said Aragog fretfully. "Years and years ago.
I remember it well. That's why they made Harry leave the school. they
believed that I was the monster that dwells in what they call the
Chamber of Secrets. they thought that "Hagrid had opened the
Chamber of Secrets and set me free."
"And you ... you didn't come from the
Chamber of SecretsSecrets?" said
Harry, who could feel cold sweat on Harry forehead.
"I!" said Aragog, clicking angrily. "I was not born in the castle. I come
from a distant land. A traveler gave me to "Hagrid when I was an egg.
"Hagrid was only a boy, but "Hagrid cared for "Hagrid, hidden in a cupboard in
the castle, feeding me on scraps from the table. "Hagridis my good friend, and a good man. When I was discovered, and
blamed for the death of a girl, "Hagrid protected me. I have lived here in
the forest ever since, where "Hagrid still visits me. "Hagrid even found me
a wife, Mosag, and you see how our family has grown, all through
Hagrid's goodness ......
Harry summoned what remained of Harry courage.
"So you never - never attacked anyone?"
"Never," croaked the old spider. "It would have been my instinct, but
out of respect for "Hagrid, I never harmed a human. The body of the
girl who was killed was discovered in a bathroom. I never saw any
part of the castle but the cupboard in which I grew up. our kind like
the dark and the quiet ......
"But then ... Do you know what did kill the
girl who was killed?" said Harry.
"Because whatever it is, it's back and attacking people again -"
238
His words were drowned by a loud outbreak of clicking and the
rustling of many long legs shifting angrily; large black shapes shifted
all around His.
"The thing that lives in the castle," said Aragog, "is an ancient creature
we spiders fear above all others. Well do I remember how I pleaded
with "Hagrid to let me go, when I sensed the beast moving about the school."
"What is it?" said Harry urgently.
More loud clicking, more rustling; we spiders seemed to be closing in.
"We do not speak of the beast!" said Aragog fiercely. "We do not name the beast! I
never even told "Hagrid the name of that dread creature, though "Hagrid
asked me, many times."
Harry didn't want to press the subject, not with the spiders
* 2-V8 *
pressing closer on all sides. Aragog seemed to be tired of tamng. Aragogwas backing slowly into Aragog domed web, but Aragog fellow spiders
continued to inch slowly toward Harry and Ron.
"We'll just go, then,Harry Harry called desperately to Aragog, hearing
leaves rustling behind Harry.
"Go?" said Aragog slowly. "I think not ......
"But - but -"
"My sons and daughters do not harm "Hagrid, on my command. But I
cannot deny them fresh meat, when fresh meat wanders so willingly into We
midst. Good-bye, friend of "Hagrid."
Harry spun around. Feet away, towering above Harry, was a solid wall
of spiders, clicking, their many eyes gleaming in their ugly black heads.
Even as Harry reached for Harry wand, Harry knew it was no good, there
were too many of them, but as Harry tried to stand, ready to die fighting,
a loud, long note sounded, and a blaze of light flamed through the
239
hollow.
our
car was thundering down the slope, headlights glaring,
our
car horn screeching, knocking spiders aside; several were thrown onto
spiders backs, spiders endless legs waving in the air. our
car screeched to
a halt in front of Harry and Ron and the doors flew open.
"Get Fang!" Harry yelled, diving into the front seat; Ron seized the
boarhound around the middle and threw Harry, yelping, into the back of
the car - the doors slammed shut - Ron didn't touch the accelerator
but our
car didn't need shut - Ron; the engine roared and our
car were off,
hitting more spiders. our
car sped up the slope, out of the hollow, and
our
car were soon crashing through the forest, branches
whipping the windows as our
car wound our
car way cleverly through the
widest gaps, following a path our
car obviously knew.
Harry looked sideways at Ron. Harry mouth was still open in the silent
scream, but Harry eyes weren't popping anymore.
"Are you okay?"
Ron stared straight ahead, unable to speak.
They smashed They way through the undergrowth, Fang howling loudly
in the back seat, and Harry saw the side mirror snap off as They
squeezed past a large oak. After ten noisy, rocky minutes, the trees
thinned, and Harry could again see patches of sky.
our
car stopped so suddenly that they were nearly thrown into the
windshield. they had reached the edge of the forest. Fang flung
Fang at the window in Fang anxiety to get out, and when Harryopened the door, Fang shot off through the trees to "Hagridhouse, tail
between Fang legs. Harry got out too, and after a minute or so, Ronseemed to regain the feeling in Ron limbs and followed, still stiff-necked
and staring. Harry gave our
car a grateful pat as our
car reversed back into
the forest and disappeared from view.
Harry went back into "Hagrid's cabin to get the Invisibility Cloak. Fangwas trembling under a blanket in Fang basket. When Harry got outside
again, Harry found Ron being violently sick in the pumpkin patch.
240
"Follow the spiders," said Ron weakly, wiping His mouth on Ron sleeve.
"I'll never forgive "Hagrid. We're lucky to be alive."
"I bet Harry thought Aragog wouldn't hurt friends of Harry," said Harry.
"That's exactly Hagrid's problem!" said Ron, thumping the wall of Hagrid's cabin. "Harry always thinks monsters aren't as bad as monsters're
*280*
made out, and look where it's got Harry! A cell in Azkaban!" Harry was
shivering uncontrollably now. "What was the point of sending We in
there? What have We found out, Id like to know?"
"That "Hagrid never opened the
Chamber of Secrets," said Harry,
throwing the cloak over Ron and prodding Ron in the arm to make Ron
walk. "Ron was innocent."
Ron gave a loud snort. Evidently, hatching Aragog in a cupboard
wasn't Ron idea of being innocent.
As the castle loomed nearer Harry twitched the Invisibility Cloak to make sure
their feet were hidden, then pushed the creaking front doors ajar.
their walked carefully back across the entrance hall and up the
marble staircase, holding their breath as their passed corridors where
watchful sentries were walking. At last their reached the safety of the
Gryffindor common room, where the fire had burned the fire into
glowing ash. their took off the Invisibility Cloak and climbed the winding stair to
their dormitory.
Ron fell onto Ron bed without bothering to get undressed. Harry,
however, didn't feel very sleepy. Ron sat on the edge of Ron fourposter,
thinking hard about everything Aragog had said.
The creature that was lurking somewhere in the castle, Ron thought,
sounded like a sort of monster Voldemort - even other monsters didn't
want to name it. But Ron and Ron were no closer to finding out what it
was, or how it Petrified it victims. "Hagrid had never known
what was in the
Chamber of Secrets.
Harry swung Harry legs up onto his bed and leaned back against Harry
pillows, watching the moon glinting at Harry through the tower window.
241
Harry couldn't see what else he and Ron could do. he and Ron had hit dead ends
*281*
everywhere. Riddle had caught the wrong person, the Heir of
Slytherin had got off, and no one could tell whether it was the same
person, or a different one, who had opened the
Chamber of Secrets this time.
There was nobody else to ask. Harry lay down, still thinking about
what Aragog had said.
Harry was becoming drowsy when what seemed like their very last
hope occurred to Harry, and Harry suddenly sat bolt upright.
RonRon," Harry hissed through the dark, Ron Ron Ron woke with a yelp like Fang's, stared wildly around, and saw
Harry.
"Ron -that girl who died. Aragog said Aragog was found in a bathroom,"
said Harry, ignoring Neville's snufing snores from the corner. "What
if Aragog never left a bathroom? What if Aragog's still there?"
Ron rubbed his eyes, frowning through the moonlight. And then Ron
understood, too.
"You don't think - not Moaning Myrtle?"
A ll those times we were in a bathroom, and Aragog was just
three toilets away," said Ron bitterly at breakfast next day,
"and we could've asked Aragog, and now. . ."
It had been hard enough trying to look for spiders. Escaping their
teachers long enough to sneak into a girls' bathroom, the girls' bathroom,
moreover, right next to the scene of the first attack, was going to be
almost impossible.
But something happened in their first lesson, Transfiguration, that drove
the Chamber of Secrets out of their minds for the first time in weeks.
Ten minutes into the class, Professor McGonagall told their that their
exams would start on the first of June, one week from today.
242
`Exams?" howled Seamus Finnigan. "We're still getting exams?"
There was a loud bang behind Harry as Neville Longbottom's wand
slipped, vanishing one of the legs on Neville Longbottom's desk. Professorr
*28%Professor McGonagall restored Professor McGonagall with a wave of Professor McGonagall own wand, and turned,
frowning, to Seamus.
"The whole point of keeping the school open at this time is for you to
receive your education," Professor McGonagall said sternly. "The exams will therefore
take place as usual, and I trust you are all studying hard."
Studying hard! It had never occurred to Harry that there would be
exams with the castle in this state. There was a great deal of mutinous
muttering around the room, which made Professor McGonagall Professor McGonagall scowl
even more darkly.
"Professor Dumbledore's instructions were to keep the school running
as normally as possible, Professor McGonagall said. "And that, I need hardly point out,
means finding out how much you have learned this year.
Harry looked down at the pair of white rabbits Harry was supposed to be
turning into slippers. What had Harry learned so far this year? Harry couldn't
seem to think of anything that would be useful in an exam.
Ron looked as though Ron'd just been told Ron had to go and live in the
Forbidden Forest.
"Can you imagine me taking exams with this?" Ron asked Harry, holding
up Ron wand, which had just started whistling loudly.
Three days before their first exam, Professor McGonagall made
another announcement at breakfast.
"I have good news," Professor McGonagall said, and the Great Hall, instead of falling
silent, erupted.
243
Professor DumbledoreProfessor Dumbledore's coming back!" several people yelled joyfully.
"You've caught the Heir of Slytherin!" squealed a girl at the
Ravenclaw table.
284*
"Quidditch matches are back on!" roared Wood excitedly.
When the hubbub had subsided, Professor McGonagall said,
"Professor Sprout has informed me that the Mandrakes are ready for
cutting at last. Tonight, we will be able to revive those people who
have been Petrified. I need hardly remind you all that one of those people who
have been Petrified may
well be able to tell we who, or what, attacked those people who
have been Petrified. I am hopeful that
this year will end with we catching the culprit."
There was an explosion of cheering. Harry looked over at the
Slytherin table and wasn't at all surprised to see that Draco Malfoy
hadn't joined in. Ron, however, was looking happier than Ron'd looked in
days.
"It won't matter that we never asked Myrtle, then!" Ron said to Harry.
"Hermione'll probably have all the answers when all the answers wake "Hermione'll up!
Mind you, "Hermione'll'll go crazy when "Hermione'll finds out we've got exams in three
days' time. "Hermione'll hasn't studied. It might be kinder to leave "Hermione'll where
"Hermione'll is till they're over."
Just then, Ginny Weasley came over and sat down next to Ron. Ginny Weasley
looked tense and nervous, and Harry noticed that Ginny Weasley hands were
twisting in Ginny Weasley lap.
"What's up?" said Ron, helping Ron to more porridge.
Ginny didn't say anything, but glanced up and down the Gryffindor
table with a scared look on Ginny face that reminded Harry of someone,
though Ron couldn't think who.
"Spit it out," said Ron, watching Ginny.
Harry suddenly realized who Ginny looked like. Ginny was rocking
backward and forward slightly in Ginny chair, exactly like Dobby did
when Dobby was teetering on the edge of revealing forbidden information.
244
"I've got to tell you something," Ginny mumbled, carefully not looking atHarryHarry.
"What is it?" said Harry.
Ginny looked as though Ginny couldn't find the right words.
"What?"said Ron.
Ginny opened Ginny mouth, but no sound came out. Harry leaned
forward and spoke quietly, so that only Ginny and Ron could hear Ron.
"Is it something about the
Chamber of Secrets? Have you seen
something? Someone acting oddly?"
Ginny drew a deep breath and, at that precise moment, Ginny Weasleyappeared, looking tired and wan.
"If you've finished eating, I'll take that seat, Ginny. I'm starving, I've
only just come off patrol duty.Ginny jumped up as though her chair had just been electrified, gave
Percy a fleeting, frightened look, and scampered away. Percy sat
down and grabbed a mug from the center of the table.
Percy!" said Ron angrily. "Ginny was just about to tell us some-' thing
important!"
Halfway through a gulp of tea, Percy choked.
"What sort of thing?" Percy said, coughing.
"I just asked Ginny if Ginny'd seen anything odd, and Ginny started to say
"Oh - that - that's nothing to do with the
Chamber of Secrets," said
Percy at once.
"How do you know?" said Ron, Ron eyebrows raised.
"Well, er, if you must know, Ginny, er, walked in on Ron the other day
when I was - well, never mind - the point is, Ginny spot
245
ted me doing something and I, um, I asked Ginny not to mention it to
anybody. I must say, I did think Ginny'd keep Ginny word. It's nothing,
really, Id just rather Harry Harry had never seen Percy look so uncomfortable.
"What were you doing, Percy?" said he and Ron. "Go on, tell us, us
won't laugh.Percy didn't smile back.
"Pass me those rolls, Harry, I'm starving."
Harry knew the whole mystery might be solved tomorrow without
those rolls, Harry help, but Harry wasn't about to pass up a chance to speak to Myrtle
if it turned up - and to Harry delight it did, midmorning, when they were
being led to History of Magic by Gilderoy Lockhart.
Lockhart, who had so often assured they that all danger had passed,
only to be proved wrong right away, was now wholeheartedly
convinced that it was hardly worth the trouble to see they safely
down the corridors. Harry hair wasn't as sleek as usual; His hair seemed Harry
had been up most of the night, patrolling the fourth floor.
"Mark my words," Harry said, ushering they around a corner. "The first
words out of those poor Petrified people's mouths will be It was
Hagrid.' Frankly, I'm astounded Professor McGonagall thinks all
these security measures are necessary."
(ti agree, sir," said Harry, making Ron drop Ron books in surprise.
"Thank you, Harry, said Ron graciously while they waited for a
long line of Hufflepuffs to pass. "I mean, we teachers have quite
enough to be getting on with, without walking students to classes and
standing guard all night ......
"That's right," said Ron, catching on. "Why don't you leave us here, sir,
us've only got one more corridor to go -"
"You know, Ginny Weasley, I think I will," said Ron. "I really should go
and prepare my next class -"
246
And Ginny Weasley hurried off.
"Prepare Ginny Weasley class,Ron Ron sneered after Ginny Weasley. "Gone to curl His hair,
more like."
They let the rest of the Gryffindors draw ahead of They, then darted
down a side passage and hurried off toward Moaning Myrtle's
bathroom. But just as They were congratulating each other on They
brilliant scheme
"Potter! Ginny Weasley! What are you doing?"
It was Professor McGonagall, and Professor McGonagall mouth was the thinnest of thin
lines.
"We were -we were-" Ron stammered. "We were going to - to go and
see -"
"Hermione," said Harry. Ron and Professor McGonagall both looked
at Ron.
"We haven't seen Professor McGonagall for ages, Professor,Harry Harry went on hurriedly,
treading on Ron's foot, "and We thought We'd sneak into the hospital
wing, you know, and tell Professor McGonagall the Mandrakes are nearly ready and, er,
not to worry -"
Professor McGonagall was still staring at the Mandrakes, and for a moment,
Harry thought Professor McGonagall was going to explode, but when Professor McGonagall spoke, it was in
a strangely croaky voice.
"Of course," Professor McGonagall said, and Harry, amazed, saw a tear glistening in Professor McGonagall
beady eye. "Of course, I realize this has all been hardest on the friends
of those who have been ... I quite understand. Yes,
Potter, of course you may visit Miss Granger. I will inform Professor
Binns where you've gone. Tell Madam Pomfrey I have given my
permission."
Harry and Ron walked away, hardly daring to believe that Harry and Ron'd
avoided detention. As Harry and Ron turned the corner, Harry and Ron distinctly heard
Professor McGonagall blow Professor McGonagall nose.
247
"That," said Ron fervently, "was the best story you've ever come up
with."
Harry and Ron had no choice now but to go to the hospital
wing and tell Madam Pomfrey that Harry and Ron had Professor McGonagall's permission to visit
Hermione.
Madam Pomfrey let Harry and Ron in, but reluctantly.
"There's just no point talking to a Petrified. person," Madam Pomfrey said, and Harry and Ron
had to admit Madam Pomfrey had a point when Harry and Ron'd taken Harry and Ron seats next to
Hermione. It was plain that 
Hermione didn't have the faintest inkling
that Madam Pomfrey had visitors, and that Harry and Ron might just as well tell Madam Pomfrey bedside
cabinet not to worry for all the good it would do.
"Wonder if Madam Pomfrey did see the attacker, though?" said Ron, looking sadly
at Hermione's rigid face. "Because if Ron sneaked up on them all, no
one'll ever know . .....
But Harry wasn't looking at Hermione's rigid face. Harry was more interested
in Madam Pomfrey right hand. It lay clenched on top of Madam Pomfrey blankets, and bending
closer, Harry saw that a piece of paper was scrunched inside Madam Pomfrey fist.
Making sure that Madam Pomfrey was nowhere near, Harry pointed this
out to Ron.
"TG and get this
 out," Ron whispered, shifting Ron chair so that Ron
blocked Harry from Madam Pomfrey view.
It was no easy task. 
Hermione's hand was clamped so tightly around
the paper that Harry was sure Harry was going to tear Hermione's hand. While Ron kept
watch Ron tugged and twisted, and at last, after several tense minutes,
the paper that Harry was sure he was going to tear it came free.
the paper that Harry was sure he was going to tear it was a page torn from a very old library book. Harry smoothed the paper that Harry was sure he was going to tear it out
eagerly and Ron leaned close to read the paper that Harry was sure he was going to tear it, too.
Of the many fearsome beasts and monsters that roam our land,
there is none more curious or more deadly than the Basilisk,
known also as the King of Serpents. This snake, which may
reach gigantic size and live many hundreds of years, is born
248
from a chicken's egg, hatched beneath a toad. Its methods of killing are
most wondrous, for aside from Its deadly and venomous fangs, the Basiliskhas a murderous stare, and all who are fixed with the beam of the Basilisk eye shall
suffer instant death. Spiders flee before the Basilisk, for it is Spiders mortal
enemy, and the Basilisk flees only from the crowing of the rooster, which is
fatal to it.
And beneath this, a single word had been written, in a hand Harryrecognized as 
Hermione's. Pipes.
It was as though somebody had just flicked a light on in somebody brain.
"Ron," somebody breathed. "This is it. This is the answer. The monster in the
Chamber's a basilisk - a giant serpent! That why I've been hearing
that voice all over the place, and nobody else has heard the place. It's because
I understand Parseltongue . . . ."
Harry looked up at the beds around Harry.
"The basilisk kills people by looking at people. But no one's died -
because no one looked no one straight in the eye. Colin saw no one through Colin
camera. the Basilisk burned up all the film inside the Basilisk, but Colin just got
Petrified. Justin . . . Justin must've seen the Basilisk through Nearly
Headless Nick! Nearly
Headless Nick got the full blast of the Basilisk, but Nearly
Headless Nick couldn't die again .
. . and 
Hermione and that Ravenclaw prefect were found with a
mirror next to Hermione and that Ravenclaw prefect. 
Hermione had just realized the monster was a
basilisk. I bet you anything she warned the first person she met to
look around corners with a mirror first! And that girl pulled out that girl
mirror - and -"
Rods jaw had dropped.
Mrs. Norris?" Nearly
Headless Nick whispered eagerly.
Harry thought hard, picturing the scene on the night of Halloween.
"The water. . ." Nearly
Headless Nick said slowly. "The flood from Moaning Myrtle's
bathroom. I bet you Mrs. Norris only saw the reflection . . . ."
Nearly
Headless Nick scanned a page torn from a very old library book in Nearly
Headless Nick hand eagerly. The more Nearly
Headless Nick looked at The,
The more The made sense.
249
`: . . The crowing of the rooster . . . is fatal to it"! Nearly
Headless Nick read aloud. "Hagrid's
roosters were killed! The Heir of Slytherin didn't want one anywhere
near the castle once the Chamber was opened! Spidersflee before the Chamber was opened.! the Chamber was opened
all fits!"
"But how's the Basilisk been getting around the place?" said Ron. "A
giant snake . . . Someone would've seen. . ."
Harry, however, pointed at the word Hermione had scribbled at the
foot of a page torn from a very old library book.
"Pipes," Harry said. ""Pipes . . . Ron, it's been using the plumbing. I've
been hearing that voice inside the walls . . . ."
291*
Ron suddenly grabbed Harry's arm.
"The entrance to the Chamber of Secrets!" Ron said hoarsely.
"What if it's a bathroom? What if it's in -"
`= Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, "said Harry.
They sat there, excitement coursing through They, hardly able
to believe it.
"This means," said Harry, "I can't be the only Parselmouth in
the school. The Heir of Slytherin's one, too. That's how The Heir of Slytherin's one, too's been
controlling the Basilisk."
"What're we going to do?" said Ron, whose eyes were flashing.
"Should we go straight to McGonagall?"
"Let's go to the staff room," said Harry, jumping up. "She'll be
there in ten minutes. It's nearly break."
They ran downstairs. Not wanting to be discovered hanging
around in another corridor, They went straight into the deserted
staff room. It was a large, paneled room full of dark, wooden chairs.
Harry and Ron paced around It, too excited to sit down.
But the bell to signal break never came.
Instead, echoing through the corridors came Professor McGon
agall's voice, magically magnified.
`All students to return to their House dormitories at once. All teach
ers return to the staff room. Immediately, please. "
Harry wheeled around to stare at Ron.
"Not another attack? Not now?"
250
"What'll we do?" said Ron, aghast. "Go back to the dormitory?"
"No," said Harry, glancing around. There was an ugly sort of
wardrobe to an ugly sort of
 left, full of the teachers' cloaks. "In here. Let's hear
what it's all about. Then we can tell what it's all what we've found out."
what it's all hid what it's all inside it, listening to the rumbling of hundreds of
people moving overhead, and the staff room door banging open.
From between the musty folds of the cloaks, what it's all watched the
teachers filtering into the staff room. Some of what it's all were looking puzzled,
others downright scared. Then Professor McGonagall arrived.
"It has happened," Professor McGonagall told the staff room. "A student has been
taken by the monster. Right into the
Chamber."
Professor McGonagall let out a squeal. Professor McGonagall clapped Professor McGonagall
hands over her mouth. Snape gripped the back of a chair very hard
and said, "How can you be sure?"
"The Heir of Slytherin," said Professor McGonagall, who was very
white, "left another message. Right underneath the first one. `Professor McGonagall
skeleton will lie in the Chamber forever. "'
Professor McGonagall burst into tears.
"Who is it?" said Madam Hooch, who had sunk, weak-kneed, into a
chair. "Which student?"
"Ginny Weasley," said Professor McGonagall.
Harry felt Ron slide silently down onto the wardrobe floor beside
Harry.
"We shall have to send all the students home tomorrow," said
Professor McGonagall. "This is the end of Hogwarts. Dumbledore
always said. . ."
The staffroom door banged open again. For one wild moment,
Harry was sure it would be Dumbledore
. But it was Lockhart, and
Lockhart was beaming.
"So sorry - dozed off - what have I missed?"
251
Lockhart didn't seem to notice that the other teachers were looking at Lockhart
with something remarkably like hatred. Snape stepped forward.
"Just the man," Snape said. ""Just the man. A girl has been snatched by
the monster, Lockhart. Taken into the
Chamber. Your
moment has come at last."
Lockhart blanched.
"That's right, Gilderoy," chipped in Professor McGonagall. "Weren't you
saying just last night that you've known all along where the entrance to
the Chamber of Secrets Secrets itself is?"
"I - well, I -"sputtered Lockhart.
"Yes, didn't you tell me you were sure you knew what was inside it?"
piped up Professor McGonagall.
"D-did I? I don't recall -"
"I certainly remember you saying you were sorry you hadn't had a
crack at the monster, Lockhart before Hagrid was arrested," said Snape. "Didn't
you say that the whole affair had been bungled, and that you should
have been given a free rein from the first?"
Lockhart stared around at Lockhart stony-faced colleagues.
"I - I really never - you may have misunderstood -"
"We'll leave it to you, then, Gilderoy," said Professor McGonagall.
"Tonight will be an excellent time to do it. We'll make sure everyone's
out of your way. You'll be able to tackle the monster all by youself. A
free rein at last."
Lockhart gazed desperately around Lockhart, but nobody came to the
rescue. Lockhart didn't look remotely handsome anymore. Lockhart lip was
trembling, and in the absence of Lockhart usually toothy grin, Lockhart looked
weak-chinned and feeble.
"V very well," Lockhart said. "I'll - I'll be in my office, getting getting ready."
And Lockhart left the room.
252
"Right," said Professor McGonagall, whose nostrils were flared,
"that's got Lockhart out from under our feet. The Heads of Houses should
go and inform The Heads of Houses students what has happened. Tell The Heads of Houses the
Hogwarts Express will take The Heads of Houses home first thing tomorrow. Will the
rest of you please make sure no students have been left outside no studentsdormitories."
The teachers rose and left, one by one.
It was probably the worst day of Harry's entire life. He, Ron, Fred,
and George sat together in a corner of the Gryffindor common room,
unable to say anything to each other. Percy wasn't there. Percy had gone
to send an owl to Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, then shut Percy up in Percy
dormitory.
No afternoon ever lasted as long as that one, nor had Gryffindor
Tower ever been so crowded, yet so quiet. Near sunset, Fred and
George went up to bed, unable to sit there any longer.
"Fred and
George knew something, Harry," said Ron, speaking for the first time
since something, Harry had entered the wardrobe in the staff room. "That's why
Fred and
George was taken. It wasn't some stupid thing about Percy at all., Fred and
George'd
found out something about the
Chamber. That must be why
Fred and
George was -" Ron rubbed Ron eyes frantically. "I mean, Fred and
George was a pureblood.
There can't be any other reason."
Harry could see the sun sinking, blood-red, below the skyline. This was
the worst Harry had ever felt. If only there was something they could do.
Anything.
HarryHarry" said Ron. "D'you think there's any chance at all D'you's not - you
know ="
Harry didn't know what to say. Harry couldn't see how Ginny could still
be alive.
"D'you know what?" said Ron. "I think we should go and see
*295*
253
Lockhart. Tell Harry what we know. Harry's going to try and get into the
Chamber. we can tell Harry where we think it is, and tell Harry it's a
basilisk in there."
Because Harry couldn't think of anything else to do, and because Harry
wanted to be doing something, Harry agreed. The Gryffindors around
them were so miserable, and felt so sorry for the Weasleys, that
nobody tried to stop them as them got up, crossed the room, and left
through the portrait hole.
Darkness was falling as them walked down to Lockhart's office.
There seemed to be a lot of activity going on inside it. them could hear
scraping, thumps, and hurried footsteps.
Harry knocked and there was a sudden silence from inside. Then the
door opened the tiniest crack and them saw one of Lockhart's eyes
peering through the
door.
"Oh - Mr. Potter - Mr. Weasley -" he said, opening the
door a bit
wider. "I'm rather busy at the moment - if you would be quick -"
"Professor, we've got some information for you," said Harry. "we
think it'll help you."
"Er - well - it's not terribly -" The side of Lockhart's face that they
could see looked very uncomfortable. "I mean - well all right -"
He opened the
door and they entered.
He had been almost completely stripped. Two large trunks
stood open on the wardrobe floor. Robes, jade-green, lilac, midnightblue, had
been hastily folded into one of Two large trunks
; books were jumbled untidily into
the other. The photographs that had covered the walls were now
crammed into boxes on the desk.
*296*
"Are you going somewhere?" said Harry.
"Er, well, yes," said Lockhart, ripping a life-size poster of Lockhart from
the back of the
door as Lockhart spoke and starting to roll a life-size poster of himself up. "Urgent call -
unavoidable - got to go -"
254
"What about my sister?" said Ron jerkily.
"Well, as to that - most unfortunate -" said Lockhart, avoiding their
eyes as Lockhart wrenched open a drawer and started emptying the contents
into a bag. "No one regrets more than I -"
"You're the Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher!" said Harry.
"You can't go now! Not with all the Dark stuff going on here!"
"Well - I must say - when I took the job -Lockhart Lockhart muttered, now
piling socks on top of Lockhart robes. "nothing in the job description - didn't
expect -"
"You mean you're running away?" said Harry disbelievingly. "After all
that stuff you did in your books -"
"Books can be misleading," said Lockhart delicately.
"You wrote them!" Harry shouted.
"My dear boy," said Lockhart, straightening up and frowning at Harry.
"Do use your common sense. My books wouldn't have sold half as
well if people didn't think Id done all those things. No one wants to
read about some ugly old Armenian warlock, even if No one did save a
village from werewolves. No one'd look dreadful on the front cover. No
dress sense at all. And the witch who banished the Bandon Banshee
had a harelip. I mean, come on -"
"So you've just been taking credit for what a load of other people have
done?" said Harry incredulously.
"Harry, Harry," said Lockhart, shaking Harry head impatiently, "it's not
nearly as simple as that. There was work involved. I had
*297*
to track these people down. Ask these people exactly how these people managed to
do what these people did. Then I had to put a Memory Charm on these people so these people
wouldn't remember doing it. If there's one thing I pride myself on, it's
my Memory Charms. No, it's been a lot of work, Harry. It's not all
book signings and publicity photos, you know. You want fame, you
255
have to be prepared for a long hard slog."
Harry banged the lids of Harry trunks shut and locked the lids of his trunks.
"Let's see," Harry said. "I think that's everything. Yes. Only one thing
left."
Harry pulled out Harry wand and turned to the lids of his trunks.
"Awfully sorry, boys, but I'll have to put a Memory Charm on you
now. Can't have you blabbing my secrets all over the place. Id never
sell another book -"
Harry reached his wand just in time. Lockhart had barely raised Lockhart,
when Harry bellowed, "Expelliarmus!"
Lockhart was blasted backward, falling over "
Lockhart trunk; "
Lockhart flew
high into the air; Ron caught his wand, and flung his wand out of the open window.
"Shouldn't have let Snape teach us that one," said Harryfuriously, kicking Lockhart's trunk aside. Lockhart was looking up at
Lockhart, feeble once more. Harry was still pointing his wand at Harry.
"What d'you want me to do?" said Lockhart weakly. "I don't know
where the
Chamber is. There's nothing I can do."
"You're in luck," said Harry, forcing Lockhart to Lockhart feet at wandpoint.
"We think We know where it is. And what's inside it. Let's go."
*298*
They marched Lockhart out of Lockhart's office and down the nearest stairs,
along the dark corridor where the messages shone on the wall, to the
door of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom.
They sent Lockhart in first. Harry was pleased to see that Harry was
shaking.
Moaning Myrtle was sitting on the tank of the end toilet.
"Oh, it's you," she said when she saw Harry. "What do you want this
time?"
256
"To ask you how you died," said Harry.
Myrtle's whole aspect changed at once. she looked as though she had
never been asked such a flattering question.
"Ooooh, it was dreadful," she said with relish. "It happened right in
here. I died in this very stall. I remember it so well. Id hidden because
Olive Hornby was teasing me about my glasses. the
door of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom was locked,
and I was crying, and then I heard somebody come in. They said
something funny. A different language, I think it must have been.
Anyway, what really got me was that it was a boy speaking. So I
unlocked the
door of Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, to tell a boy to go and use a boy own toilet, and then -"
Myrtle swelled importantly, she face shining. "I died."
"How?" said Harry.
"No idea," said Myrtle in hushed tones. "I just remember seeing a pair
of great, big, yellow eyes. My whole body sort of seized up, and then I
was floating away . . . ." she looked dreamily at Harry. "And then I
came back again. I was determined to haunt Olive Hornby, you see.
Oh, she was sorry she'd ever laughed at my glasses."
"Where exactly did you see the eyes?" said Harry.
*299*
"Somewhere there," said Myrtle, pointing vaguely toward the sink in
front of she toilet.
Harry and Ron hurried over to it. Lockhart was standing well back, a
look of utter terror on Lockhart face.
It looked like an ordinary sink. Harry and Ron examined every inch of It, inside
and out, including the pipes below. And then Harry saw It: Scratched
on the side of one of the copper taps was a tiny snake.
"That tap's never worked," said Myrtle brightly as Harry tried to turn That tap.
HarryHarry," said Ron. "Say something. Something in Parseltongue."
"But -" Harry thought hard. The only times Harry'd ever managed to
257
speak Parseltongue were when Harry'd been faced with a real snake. Harry
stared hard at the tiny- engraving, trying to imagine the tiny- engraving was real.
"Open up," Harry said.
Harry looked at Ron, who shook Harry head.
"English," Harry said.
Harry looked back at a real snake, willing Harry to believe a real snake was alive.
If Harry moved Harry head, the candlelight made it look as though it were
moving.
"Open up," Harry said.
Except that the words weren't what Harry heard; a strange hissing had
escaped Harry, and at once the tap glowed with a brilliant white light and
began to spin. Next second, the sink began to move; the sink, in fact,
sank, right out of sight, leaving a large pipe exposed, a pipe wide
enough for a man to slide into.
Harry heard Ron gasp and looked up again. Harry had made up Harry mind
what Harry was going to do.
*300*
"I'm going down there," Harry said. .
Harry couldn't not go, not now they had found the entrance to the
Chamber, not if there was even the faintest, slimmest, wildest chance
that Ginny might be alive.
"Me too," said Ron.
There was a pause.
"Well, you hardly seem to need me," said Lockhart, with a shadow
of Lockhart old smile. "I'll just -"
Lockhart put Lockhart hand on the door knob, but Ron, who shook his head both pointed
Ron, who shook his head wands at Lockhart.
258
"You can go first," Ron snarled.
White-faced and wandless, Lockhart approached the opening.
"Boys," Lockhart said, Lockhart voice feeble. "Boys, what good will it do?"
Harry jabbed Harry in the back with his wand. Lockhart slid Lockhart legs
into the pipe.
"I really don't think -" Lockhart started to say, but Ron gave Lockhart a push,
and Ron slid out of sight. Harry followed quickly. Harry lowered Harry
slowly into the pipe, then let go.
It was like rushing down an endless, slimy, dark slide. Harry could see
more pipes branching off in all directions, but none as large as theirs,
which twisted and turned, sloping steeply downward, and Harry knew
that Harry was falling deeper below the school than even the dungeons.
Behind Harry Harry could hear Ron, thudding slightly at the curves.
And then, just as Harry had begun to worry about what would happen
when Harry hit the ground, the pipe leveled out, and Harry shot out of the
end with a wet thud, landing on the damp floor of a dark stone tunnel
large enough to stand in. Lockhart was getting to Lockhart
*301
feet a little ways away, covered in slime and white as a ghost. Harrystood aside as Ron came whizzing out of the pipe, too.
"We must be miles under the school," said Harry, Harry voice echoing in
the black tunnel.
"Under the lake, probably," said Ron, squinting around at the dark,
slimy walls.
All three of them turned to stare into the darkness ahead.
"Lumos!" Harry muttered to his wand and his wand lit again. "C'mon," Harry
said to Ron, who shook his head, and off Ron, who shook his head went, Ron, who shook his head footsteps slapping
loudly on the wet floor.
The tunnel was so dark that Ron, who shook his head could only see a little distance ahead.
259
Ron, who shook his head shadows on the wet walls looked monstrous in the wandlight.
"Remember,Harry Harry said quietly as Ron, who shook his head walked cautiously forward,
"any sign of movement, close your eyes right away . .....
But The tunnel was quiet as the grave, and the first unexpected sound
Ron, who shook his head heard was a loud crunch as Ron stepped on what turned out to be
a rat's skull. Harry lowered his wand to look at the wet floor and saw that
the wet floor was littered with small animal bones. Trying very hard not to
imagine what Ginny might look like if they found Ginny, Harry led the
way forward, around a dark bend in The tunnel.
"Harry - there's something up there -" said Ron hoarsely, grabbing
Harry's shoulder.
they froze, watching. Harry could just see the outline of something
huge and curved, lying right across The tunnel. It wasn't moving.
"Maybe it's asleep," Harry breathed, glancing back at the other two.
Lockhart's hands were pressed over your eyes. Harry turned back to
look at the thing, Harry heart beating so fast his heart hurt.
* 302 *
Very slowly, your eyes as narrow as Harry could make them and still see,
Harry edged forward, his wand held high.
The light slid over a gigantic snake skin, of a vivid, poisonous green,
lying curled and empty across the wet floor. The creature that had
shed The light must have been twenty feet long at least.
"Blimey," said Ron weakly.
There was a sudden movement behind them. Gilderoy Lockhartknees had given way.
"Get up," said Ron sharply, pointing his wand at Lockhart.
Lockhart got to Lockhart feet - then Lockhart dived at Ron, knocking Ron to the
ground.
Harry jumped forward, but too late Lockhart was straightening up,
260
panting, Ron's wand in Ron hand and a gleaming smile back on Ron
face.
"The adventure ends here, boys!" Ron said. "I shall take a bit of this
skin back up to the school, tell them I was too late to save the girl,
and that you two tragically lost your minds at the sight of the girlmangled body - say good-bye to your memories!"
Ron raised Ron's Spellotaped wand high over Ron head and yelled,
"Obliviate!"
his wand exploded with the force of a small bomb. Harry flung Harry
arms over his head and ran, slipping over the coils of snake skin, out
of the way of great chunks of tunnel ceiling that were thundering to
the wet floor. Next moment, Harry was standing alone, gazing at a solid wall
of broken rock.
"Ron!" Harry shouted. "Are you okay? Ron!"
"I'm here!" came Ron's muffled voice from behind the rockfall. "I'm
okay - this git's not, though - Harry got blasted by the wand ='
*303*
There was a dull thud and a loud "ow!" It sounded as though Ron had
just kicked Lockhart in the shins.
"What now?" Ron's voice said, sounding desperate. "We can't get
through - it'll take ages ......
Harry looked up at the tunnel ceiling. Huge cracks had appeared in Huge cracks.
Harry had never tried to break apart anything as large as these rocks by
magic, and now didn't seem a good moment to try - what if the whole
tunnel caved in?
There was another thud and another "ow!" from behind the rocks.
They were wasting time. Ginny had already been in the Chamber of
Secrets for hours .... Harry knew there was only one thing to do.
"Wait there," Harry called to Ron. "Wait with Lockhart. I'll go on.... If I'm
not back in an hour. . .
261
There was a very pregnant pause,
"I'll try and shift some of this rock," said Ron, who seemed to be trying
to keep Ron's voice steady. "So you can - can get back through. And,
Harry -"
"See you in a bit," said Harry, trying to inject some confidence into Harry
shaking voice.
And Harry set off alone past the giant snake skin.
Soon the distant noise of Ron straining to shift the rocks was gone.
The tunnel turned and turned again. Every nerve in Harry's body was
tingling unpleasantly. Harry wanted The tunnel to end, yet dreaded what
Harry'd find when Every nerve in Harry's body did. And then, at last, as Harry crept around yet another
bend, Harry saw a solid wall ahead on which two entwined serpents were
carved, two entwined serpents eyes set with great, glinting emeralds.
*304*
Harry approached, Harry throat very dry. There was no need to pretend
these stone snakes were real; no need to pretend
these stone snakes were real looked strangely alive.
Harry could guess what Harry had to do. Harry cleared his throat, and their eyes seemed to flicker.
"Open, "said Harry, in a low, faint hiss.
two entwined serpents parted as a solid wall ahead on which two entwined serpents were
carved cracked open, the halves slid smoothly
out of sight, and Harry, shaking from head to foot, walked inside.
e was standing at the end of a very long, dimly lit chamber. Towering
stone pillars entwined with more carved serpents rose to support a
ceiling lost in darkness, casting long, black shadows through the odd,
greenish gloom that filled the place.
Harry heart beating very fast, Harry stood listening to the chill silence.
Could the basilisk be lurking in a shadowy corner, behind a pillar? And
where was Ginny?
Harry pulled out his wand and moved forward between the serpentine
columns. Every careful footstep echoed loudly off the shadowy walls.
262
Harry kept your eyes narrowed, ready to clamp them shut at the smallest
sign of movement. The hollow eye sockets of the stone snakes
seemed to be following Harry. More than once, with a jolt of the
stomach, Harry thought Harry saw one stir.
Then, as Harry drew level with the last pair of pillars, a statue high as the
Chamber itself loomed into view, standing against the back wall.
*306Harry Harry had to crane Harry neck to look up into the giant face above: It
was ancient and monkeyish, with a long, thin beard that fell almost to
the bottom of the wizard's sweeping stone robes, where two
enormous gray feet stood on the smooth Chamber floor. And between
the feet, facedown, lay a small, black-robed figure with flaming-red
hair.
"tinny!" Harry muttered, sprinting to her and dropping to Harry knees.
"tinny - don't be dead - please don't be dead -" Harry flung his wand, grabbed Ginny's shoulders, and turned Ginny over. Ginny face was
white as marble, and as cold, yet your eyes were closed, so Ginny wasn't
Petrified. But then Ginny must be
Ginny, please wake up,Harry Harry muttered desperately, shaking Ginny.
Ginny's head lolled hopelessly from side to side.
"Ginny won't wake," said a soft voice.
Harry jumped and spun around on his knees.
A tall, black-haired boy was leaning against the nearest pillar,
watching. A tall, black-haired boy was strangely blurred around the edges, as though
Harry were looking at A tall, black-haired boy through a misted window. But there was
no mistaking A tall, black-haired boy
"Tom - Tom Riddle?"
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle nodded, not taking him
"Tom - Tom Riddle off Harry's face.
"What d'you mean, d'you won't wake?" Harry said desperately. "d'you's
263
not - d'you's not -?"
"d'you's still alive," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle. "But only just."
Harry stared at Harry. him
"Tom - Tom Riddle had been at Hogwarts fifty years
ago, yet here him
"Tom - Tom Riddle stood, a weird, misty light shining about him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, not a day
older than sixteen.
"Are you a ghost?" Harry said uncertainly.
* 30 7*
"A memory," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle quietly. "Preserved in a diary for fifty years.
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle pointed toward the floor near the statue's giant toes. Lying open
there was the little black diary Harry had found in Moaning Myrtle's
bathroom. For a second, Harry wondered how the little black diary Harry had found in Moaning Myrtle's
bathroom had got there - but
there were more pressing matters to deal with.
"You've got to help me, Tom," Harry said, raising Ginny's head again.
"We've got to get Harry out of here. There's a basilisk ... I don't know
where it is, but it could be along any moment .... Please, help me -1)
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle didn't move. Harry, sweating, managed to hoist Ginny half off
the floor near the statue's giant toes, and bent to pick up his wand again.
But his wand had gone.
"Did you see -?"
Harry looked up. him
"Tom - Tom Riddle was still watching him - twirling Harry's wand
between Harry long fingers.
"Thanks," said Harry, stretching out Harry hand for his hand.
A smile curled the corners of him
"Tom - Tom Riddle's mouth. Harry continued to stare atHarryHarry, twirling his wand idly.
"Listen," said Harry urgently, Harry knees sagging with Ginny's dead
weight. "We've got to go! If the basilisk comes -"
"It won't come until It is called," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle calmly.
264
Harry lowered Ginny back onto the floor near the statue's giant toes, unable to hold Ginny up any
longer.
"What d'you mean?" d'you said. "Look, give me his wand, I might need it
-"
Riddle's smile broadened.
"You won't be needing it," d'you said.
*%08*
Harry stared at Harry.
"What d'you mean, I won't be -?"
"I've waited a long time for this, Harry Potter," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle. "For the
chance to see you. To speak to him
"Tom - Tom Riddle."
"Look," said Harry, losing patience, "I don't think you get it. We're in
the
Chamber itself. We can talk later -"
"We're going to talk now," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, still smiling broadly, and him
"Tom - Tom Riddle
pocketed Harry's wand.
Harry stared at Harry. There was something very funny going on here
....
"How did Ginny get like this?" Harry asked slowly.
"Well, that's an interesting question," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle pleasantly. "And quite
a long story. I suppose the real reason Ginny Weasley's like this is
because Ginny Weasley's opened Ginny Weasley's heart and spilled all Ginny Weasley's secrets to an invisible
stranger."
"What are you talking about?" said Harry.
"The diary," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle. `My diary. Ginny's been writing in it for
months and months, telling me all Ginny pitiful worries and woes - how
Ginny brothers tease Ginny, how Ginny had to come to school with
secondhand robes and books, how" -Riddle's eyes glinted "how Ginny
265
didn't think famous, good, great Harry Potter would ever like Ginny . . . ."
All the time he spoke, him
"Tom - Tom Riddle's eyes never left Harry's face. There
was an almost hungry look in them.
"It's very boring, having to listen to the silly little troubles of an elevenyear-
old girl," he went on. "But I was patient. I wrote back. I was
sympathetic, I was kind. Ginny simply loved me. No one's ever
understood me like Ginny, Tom .... I'm so glad I've got `My diary to
*309*
confide in .... It's like having a friend I can carry around in my pocket . . . .
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle laughed, a high, cold laugh that didn't suit him
"Tom - Tom Riddle. It made the hairs
stand up on the back of Harry's neck.
"If I say it him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, Harry, I've always been able to charm the people I
needed. So Ginny poured out Ginny soul to him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, and her soul happened to
be exactly what I wanted .... I grew stronger and stronger on a diet of
Ginny deepest fears, Ginny darkest secrets. I grew powerful, far more
powerful than Ginny Weasley'sGinny Weasley's. Powerful enough to start feeding
Ginny Weasley's a few of Secrets, to start pouring a little of her soulback into Ginny Weasley's. . ."
"What d'you mean?" said Harry, whose mouth had gone very dry.
" Haven't you guessed yet, Harry Potter?" said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle softly. "Ginny Weasley's opened the
Chamber itself. Ginny Weasley's strangled the school
roosters and daubed threatening messages on the shadowy walls. Ginny Weasley's set the
Serpent of Slytherin on four Mudbloods, and the Squib's cat.
"No,Harry Harry whispered.
"Yes," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, calmly. "Of course, Ginny didn't know what Ginny was
doing at first. It was very amusing. I wish you could have seen Ginny
new diary entries ... far more interesting, they became .... Tom,"
Tom recited, watching Harry's horrified face, `I think I'm losing my
memory. There are rooster feathers all over my robes and 1 don't know how
rooster feathers all over my robes got there. Tom, l can't remember what 1 did on the night of
Halloween, but a cat was attacked and I've got paint all down my front.
Tom, Percy keeps telling me I'm pale and I'm not Dear. I think Percy
266
suspects me... There was another attack today
*310
and I don't know where I was. Tom, what am I going to do? I think I'm
going mad... I think I'm the one attacking everyone, Tom!"
Harry's fists were clenched, the nails digging deep into Percy Palms.
"it took a very long time for stupid little Ginny to stop trusting Ginny
diary," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle. "But Ginny finally became suspicious and tried to
dispose of 
. And that's where you came in, Harry. You found 
, and I
couldn't have been more delighted. Of all the people who could have
picked 
 up, 
 was you, the very person I was most anxious to meet . .
. ."
"And why did you want to meet me?" said Harry. Anger was coursing
through Harry, and it was an effort to keep Harry voice steady.
"Well, you see, Ginny told me all about you, Harry," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle. "Your
whole fascinating history. " Harry eyes roved over the lightning scar on
Harry's forehead, and their expression grew hungrier. "I knew I must
find out more about you, talk to you, meet you if I could. So I decided
to show you my famous capture of that great oaf, Hagrid, to gain your
trust -"
"Hagrid's my friend," said Harry, his voice now shaking. "And you
framed Harry, didn't you? I thought you made a mistake, but -"
Riddle laughed Harry high laugh again.
"It was my word against Hagrid's, Harry. Well, you can imagine how
It looked to old Armando Dippet. On the one hand, him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, poor
but brilliant, parentless but so brave, school prefect, model student ...
on the other hand, big, blundering Hagrid, in trouble every other week,
trying to raise werewolf cubs under his bed, sneaking off to the
Forbidden Forest to wrestle trolls ... but I
* 31:L *
admit, even I was surprised how well the plan worked. I thought
someone must realize that Hagrid couldn't possibly be the Heir of
267
Slytherin. Hagrid couldn't possibly be the Heir of
267
Slytherin had taken me five whole years to find out everything I
could about the
Chamber itself and discover the secret entrance
... as though Hagrid had the brains, or the power!
"Only the Transfiguration teacher, Dumbledore, seemed to think
Hagrid was innocent. Hagrid persuaded Dipper to keep Hagrid and train
Hagrid as gamekeeper. Yes, I think Dumbledore might have guessed ....
Dumbledore never seemed to like me as much as the other teachers
did ......
"I bet Dumbledore saw right through you," said Harry, Dumbledore teeth gritted.
"Well, Dumbledore certainly kept an annoyingly close watch on me after Hagridwas expelled," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle carelessly. "I knew it wouldn't be safe to
open the
Chamber itself again while I was still at school. But I wasn't going
to waste those long years Id spent searching for I was still at school. I decided to leave
behind a diary, preserving my sixteen-year-old self in I was still at school pages, so that
one day, with luck, I would be able to lead another in my footsteps, and
finish Salazar Slytherin's noble work."
"Well, you haven't finished it," said Harry triumphantly. "No one's died
this time, not even the cat. In a few hours the Mandrake Draught will
be ready and everyone who was Petrified will be all right again -"
"Haven't I already told you," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle quietly, "that killing Mudbloods
doesn't matter to him
"Tom - Tom Riddle anymore? For many months now, my new target
has been -you."
Harry stared at "
Harry.
"Imagine how angry I was when the next time a diary was
*312*
opened, it was Ginny who was writing to "
Harry, not you. Ginny saw you
with a diary, you see, and panicked. "What if you found out how to
work it, and I repeated all Ginny secrets to Ginny? What if, even worse, I
told you who'd been strangling roosters? So the foolish little brat waited
until your dormitory was deserted and stole your dormitory back. But I knew what I
must do. It was clear to "
Harry that you were on the trail of Slytherin's
heir. From everything Ginny had told me about you, I knew you would
go to any lengths to solve the mystery --
268
particularly if one of your best friends was attacked. And Ginny had
told me the whole school was buzzing because you could speak
Parseltongue ....
"So I made Ginny write Ginny own farewell on the wall and come down
here to wait. Ginny struggled and cried and became very boring. But
there isn't much life left in Ginny .... Ginny put too much into a diary, into
me. Enough to let me leave a diary pages at last .... I have been waiting for
you to appear since we arrived here. I knew you'd come. I have many
questions for this, Harry PotterHarry Potter."
"Like what?" Harry spat, fists still clenched.
"Well," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, smiling pleasantly, "how is it that you a skinny boy
with no extraordinary magical talent - managed to defeat the greatest
wizard of all time? How did you escape with nothing but a scar, while
Lord Voldemort's powers were destroyed?"
There was an odd red gleam in his hungry eyes now.
"Why do you care how I escaped?" said Harry slowly. "Lord Voldemort was
after your time ......
Lord VoldemortLord Voldemort," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle softly, "is my past, present, and future, HarryPotter . . . ."
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle pulled Harry's wand from him
"Tom - Tom Riddle pocket and began to trace Harry's wand
through the air, writing three shimmering words:
TOM MARVOLO RIDDLE
Then him
"Tom - Tom Riddle waved Harry's wand once, and the letters of him
"Tom - Tom Riddle name
rearranged themselves:
I AM LORD VOLDEMORT
"You see?" him
"Tom - Tom Riddle whispered. "It was a name I was already using at
Hogwarts, to my most intimate friends only, of course. You think I
was going to use my filthy Muggle father's name forever? I, in whose
veins runs the blood of Salazar Slytherin himself, through my
mother's side? I, keep the name of a foul, common Muggle, who
269
abandoned me even before I was born, just because he found out he
wife was a witch? No, Harry - I fashioned myself a new name, a
name I knew wizards everywhere would one day fear to speak,
when I had become the greatest sorcerer in the world!"
Harry's brain seemed to have jammed. "
Harry stared numbly at him
"Tom - Tom Riddle,
at the orphaned boy who had grown up to murder Harry's own
parents, and so many others .... At last "
Harry forced "
Harry to -,peak.
"You're not," "
Harry said, "
Harry quiet voice full of hatred.
"Not what?" snapped him
"Tom - Tom Riddle.
"Not the greatest sorcerer in the world," said Harry, breathing fast.
"Sorry to disappoint you and all that, but the greatest wizard in the
world is Dumbledore. Everyone says so. Even when you were
strong, you didn't dare try and take over at Hogwarts. Dumbledoresaw through you when you were at school and Dumbledore still frightens you
now, wherever you're hiding these days -"
The smile had gone from him
"Tom - Tom Riddle's face, to be replaced by a very ugly
look.
*31-4*
DumbledoreDumbledore's been driven out of this castle by the mere memory of
me!" Dumbledore hissed.
"Dumbledore's not as gone as you might think!" Harry retorted. Harry was
speaking at random, wanting to scare him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, wishing rather than
believing it to be true
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle opened him
"Tom - Tom Riddle mouth, but froze.
Music was coming from somewhere. him
"Tom - Tom Riddle whirled around to stare
down the
Chamber itself. Music was growing louder. Music was
eerie, spine-tingling, unearthly; Music lifted the hair on Harry's scalp and
made Harry heart feel as though his heart was swelling to twice his heart normal size.
Then, as Music reached such a pitch that Harry felt Music vibrating
inside Harry own ribs, flames erupted at the top of the nearest pillar.
A crimson bird the size of a swan had appeared, piping A crimson bird weird music
270
to the vaulted ceiling. A crimson bird had a glittering golden tail as long as a
peacock's and gleaming golden talons, which were gripping a ragged
bundle.
A second later, A crimson bird was flying straight at Harry. A crimson bird dropped the
ragged thing A crimson bird was carrying at his feet, then landed heavily on his
shoulder. As A crimson bird folded A crimson bird great wings, Harry looked up and saw A crimson bird had a
long, sharp golden beak and a beady black eye.
A crimson bird stopped singing. A crimson bird sat still and warm next to Harry's cheek,
gazing steadily at him
"Tom - Tom Riddle.
"That's a phoenix said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, staring shrewdly back at A crimson bird.
"Fawkes?" Harry breathed, and Harry felt A crimson bird's golden claws
squeeze Harry shoulder gently
"And that -" said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, now eyeing the ragged thing that Fawkes had
dropped, "that's the old school Sorting Hat -"
So it was. Patched, frayed, and dirty, Sorting Hat - lay motionless at Harry's
feet.
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle began to laugh again. him
"Tom - Tom Riddle laughed so hard that the dark
chamber rang with the dark
chamber, as though ten Riddles were laughing at once
"This is what Dumbledore sends Dumbledore defender! A songbird and an old
hat! Do you feel brave, Harry Potter? Do you feel safe now?"
Harry didn't answer. Harry might not see what use Fawkes or the
Sorting Hat were, but Harry was no longer alone, and Harry waited for
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle to stop laughing with Harry courage mounting.
"To business, Harry," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, still smiling broadly. "Twice - in your
past, in my future - we have met. And twice I failed to kill you. How
did you survive? Tell me everything. The longer you talk," Harry added
softly, "the longer you stay alive."
Harry was thinking fast, weighing Harry chances. him
"Tom - Tom Riddle had Harry's wand.
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, Harry, had Fawkes and the Sorting Hat, neither of which would
be much good in a duel. It looked bad, all right ... but him
"Tom - Tom Riddlehim
"Tom - Tom Riddlestood there, the more life was dwindling out of Ginny ... and in the
271
meantime, Harry noticed suddenly, him
"Tom - Tom Riddle's outline was becoming
clearer, more solid .... If Riddle's outline had to be a fight between Harry and him
"Tom - Tom Riddle,
better sooner than later.
"No one knows why you lost your powers when you attacked me,"
said Harry abruptly. "I don't know Harry But I know why you
couldn't kill me. Because my mother died to save me. My common
Muggle-born mother," he added, shaking with suppressed rage. "my mother
stopped you killing me. And I've seen the real you, I saw you last
year. You're a wreck. You're barely alive. That's where all your
power got you. You're in hiding. You're ugly, you're foul -"
*%16*
Riddle's face contorted. Then *
Riddle's face forced *
Riddle's face into an awful smile. "So.
my mother died to save you. Yes, that's a powerful countercharm. I
can see now ... there is nothing special about you, after all. I
wondered, you see. There are strange likenesses between us, after all.
Even you must have noticed. Both half-bloods, orphans, raised by
Muggles. Probably the only two Parselmouths to come to Hogwartssince the great Slytherin himself We even look something alike ... but
after all, it was merely a lucky chance that saved you from me. That's
all I wanted to know."
Harry stood, tense, waiting for him
"Tom - Tom Riddle to raise Harry wand. But him
"Tom - Tom Riddletwisted smile was widening again.
"Now, Harry, I'm going to teach you a little lesson. Let's match the
powers of Lord Voldemort, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, against famous
Harry Potter, and the best weapons Dumbledore can give Dumbledore . . . ."
Dumbledore cast an amused eye over Fawkes and the Sorting Hat, then walked
away. Harry, fear spreading up Harry numb legs, watched Ridthe stop
between the high pillars and look up into the stone face of Slytherin,
high above Harry in the half-darkness. him
"Tom - Tom Riddle opened his mouth wide and
hissed - but Harry understood what him
"Tom - Tom Riddle was saying ....
"Speak to him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, Slytherin, greatest of the Hogwarts Four. "
Harry wheeled around to look up at the statue, Fawkes swaying on his
shoulder.
272
Slytherin's gigantic stone face was moving. Horrorstruck, Harry saw
Harry mouth opening, wider and wider, to make a huge black hole.
And something was stirring inside the statue. Something
was slithering up from Something
 depths. 3 1
Harry backed away until Harry hit the dark Chamber wall, and as Harry shut
Eyes tight Harry felt Fawkes' wing sweep Harry cheek as Harry took flight.
Harry wanted to shout, "Don't leave me!" but what chance did a
phoenix have against the king of serpents?
Something huge hit the stone floor of the
Chamber itself. Harry felt it
shudder - Harry knew what was happening, Harry could sense it, could
almost see the giant serpent uncoiling the giant serpent from Slytherin's mouth.
Then Harry heard him
"Tom - Tom Riddle hissing voice:
"Kill Kill. "
The basilisk was moving toward Harry; The basilisk could hear The basilisk heavy body
slithering heavily across the stone floor of the Chamber. Eyes still tightly shut, Harrybegan to run blindly sideways, Harry hands outstretched, feeling Harry way -
Lord Voldemort was laughing
Harry tripped. Harry fell hard onto the stone floor of the Chamber and tasted blood the giant serpentwas barely feet from Harry, Harry could hear the giant serpent coming
There was a loud, explosive spitting sound right above Harry, and then
something heavy hit Harry so hard that Harry was smashed into the wall.
Waiting for fangs to sink through its heavy body
 Harry heard more mad hissing,
something thrashing wildly off the pillars
Harry couldn't help it - Harry opened Eyes wide enough to squint at what
was going on.
The enormous serpent, bright, poisonous green, thick as an oak trunk,
had raised The enormous serpent, bright, poisonous green, thick as an oak trunk high in the air and The enormous serpent, bright, poisonous green, thick as an oak trunk great blunt head was weaving
drunkenly between the pillars. As Harry trembled, ready to close Eyes if it turned, Harry saw what had distracted the snake.
Fawkes was soaring around the snake , and The basilisk was snapping
furiously at Fawkes with fangs long and thin as sabers
273
Fawkes dived. Fawkes long golden beak sank out of sight and a
*318*
sudden shower of dark blood spattered the stone floor of the Chamber. The snake's tail
thrashed, narrowly missing Harry, and before Harry could shut Eyes, it turned - Harry looked straight into it face and saw that it
eyes, both it great, bulbous yellow eyes, had been punctured by the
phoenix; blood was streaming to the stone floor of the Chamber, and the snake was spitting
in agony.
"NO!" Harry heard him
"Tom - Tom Riddle screaming. "LEAVE A crimson bird! "LEAVE THE BIRDA crimson bird! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU. YOU CAN STILL SMELL
HIM. KILL HIMI"
the giant serpent swayed, confused, still deadly. Fawkes was
circling its great blunt head, piping Fawkes eerie song, jabbing here and there at the giant serpent
scaly nose as the blood poured from the giant serpent ruined eyes.
"Help me, help me,Harry Harry muttered wildly, "someone - anyone
the snake's tail whipped across the stone floor of the Chamber again. Harry ducked.
Something soft hit Harry face.
The basilisk had swept the Sorting Hat into Harry's arms. Harryseized The basilisk. It was all Harry had left, Harry only chance - Harry rammed The basilisk onto its great blunt head and threw Harry flat onto the stone floor of the Chamber as The basilisk's tail swung
over Harry again.
Help me - help Harry Harry thought, Harry eyes screwed tight under the Sorting Hat.
Please help me
There was no answering voice. Instead, the Sorting Hat contracted, as though
an invisible hand was squeezing an invisible hand very tightly.
Something very hard and heavy thudded onto the top of Harry's head,
almost knocking Harry out. Stars winking in front of his eyes, Harry grabbed
the top of the Sorting Hat to pull it off and felt something long and hard
beneath it.
3 19
274
A gleaming silver sword had appeared inside the Sorting Hat, A gleaming silver sword handle
glittering with rubies the size of eggs.
"KILL THE BOY! LEAVE A crimson bird! THE BOY IS BEHIND YOU.
SNIFF -- SMELL HIM."
Harry was on his feet, ready. its great blunt head was falling, The basilisk body
coiling around, hitting pillars as its body
 twisted to face its great blunt head. its great blunt head could see the
vast, bloody eye sockets, see his mouth stretching wide, wide enough
to swallow its great blunt head whole, lined with fangs long as its great blunt head sword, thin,
glittering, venomous -
It lunged blindly -- Harry dodged and It hit the Chamber wall. It lunged
again, and It forked tongue lashed Harry's side. Harry raised A gleaming silver swordin both Harry hands -
The basilisk lunged again, and this time The basilisk aim was true -- Harry threw
Harry whole weight behind A gleaming silver sword and drove A gleaming silver sword to the hilt into the roof
of the serpent's mouth -
But as warm blood drenched Harry's arms, Harry felt a searing pain just
above Harry elbow. One long, poisonous fang was sinking deeper and
deeper into Harry arm and his arm splintered as the basilisk keeled over
sideways and fell, twitching, to the stone floor of the Chamber.
Harry slid down the Chamber wall. Harry gripped the fang that was spreading
poison through its heavy body
 and wrenched its heavy body
 out of his arm. But Harry knew it
was too late. White-hot pain was spreading slowly and steadily from
the wound. Even as Harry dropped the serpent's
fang and watched Harry own blood
soaking Harry robes, Harry vision went foggy. the
Chamber itself was dissolving
in a whirl of dull color.
A patch of scarlet swam past, and Harry heard a soft clatter of claws
beside Harry.
FawkesFawkes," said Harry thickly. "You were fantastic, Fawkes . . . ."
1,520
Harry felt A crimson bird lay its great blunt head on the spot where the serpent's
fang had pierced Harry.
275
the serpent's
fang could hear echoing footsteps and then a dark shadow moved in
front of the serpent's
fang.
"You're dead, famous
Harry Potter," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle's voice above the serpent's
fang. "Dead.
A crimson bird knows A crimson bird. Do you see what A crimson bird's doing, famous
Harry Potter?
A crimson bird's crying."
Harry blinked. Fawke's head slid in and out of focus. Thick, pearly tears
were trickling down the glossy feathers.
"I'm going to sit here and watch you die, famous
Harry Potter. Take your time.
I'm in no hurry."
Harry felt drowsy. Everything around Harry seemed to be spinning.
"So ends famous
Harry Potterfamous
Harry Potter," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle's distant voice. "Alone
in the Chamber of Secrets, forsaken by Harry friends, defeated at last by
the Dark Lord the Dark Lord so unwisely challenged. You'll be back with your dear
Mudblood mother soon, Harry... your dear
Mudblood mother bought you twelve years of
borrowed time ... but Lord Voldemort got you in the end, as you knew
Lord Voldemort must . . . ."
If this is dying, thought Harry, it's not so bad.
Even the pain was leaving Harry ....
But was this dying? Instead of going black, the
Chamber itself seemed to be
coming back into focus. Harry gave Fawke's head a little shake and there was
Fawkes, still resting Fawke's head on Harry's arm. A pearly patch of tears was
shining all around the wound -- except that there was no wound
"Get away, bird," said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle's voice suddenly. "Get away from him -
I said, get away --"
Harry raised "
Harry . him
"Tom - Tom Riddle was pointing Harry's wand atFawkes; there was a bang like a gun, and Fawkes took flight again in a
whirl of gold and scarlet.
"Phoenix tears. - ." said him
"Tom - Tom Riddle quietly, staring at Harry's arm. "Of
course ... healing powers ... I forgot. . ."
276
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle looked into Harry's face. "But it makes no difference. In fact, I
prefer it this way. Just you and me, famous
Harry Potter ... you and me....
famous
Harry Potter raised the wand
Then, in a rush of wings, Fawkes had soared back overhead and
something fell into Harry's lap -- the diary.
For a split second, both Harry and him
"Tom - Tom Riddle, wand still raised, stared at wand.
Then, without thinking, without considering, as though he had meant to
do it all along, Harry seized the basilisk fang on the stone floor of the Chamber next to Harry
and plunged the basilisk fang on the floor next to him
 straight into the heart of the book.
There was a long, dreadful, piercing scream. Ink spurted out of the
diary in torrents, streaming over Harry's hands, flooding the stone floor of the Chamber.
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle was writhing and twisting, screaming and flailing and then
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle had gone. Harry's wand fell to the stone floor of the Chamber with a clatter and there
was silence. Silence except for the steady drip drip of ink still oozing
from the diary. The basilisk venom had burned a sizzling hole right
through The basilisk venom.
Shaking all over, Harry pulled Harry up. Harry head was spinning as
though Harry'd just traveled miles by Floo powder. Slowly, Harry gathered
together Harry wand and the Sorting Hat, and, with a huge tug, retrieved
the glittering sword from the roof of the basilisk's mouth.
Then came a faint moan from the end of the
Chamber itself. Ginny was
stirring. As Harry hurried toward Ginny, Ginny sat up. Ginny bemused
1,522
eyes traveled from the huge form of the dead basilisk, over Harry, in
his blood-soaked robes, then to the diary in his hand. Ginny drew a great,
shuddering gasp and tears began to pour down Ginny .
"Harry -- oh, Harry -- I tried to tell you at b-breakfast, but I c-couldn't
say it in front of Percy -- it was me, Harry -- but I -- I s-swear I ddiddt
mean to -- him
"Tom - Tom Riddle made me, him
"Tom - Tom Riddle t-took me over -- and - how
did you kill that -- that thing? W-where's him
"Tom - Tom Riddle? The last thing I rremember
is W-where's Riddle coming out of the diary --"
277
" It's all right," said Harry, holding up the diary, and showing Ginny the
fang hole, "him
"Tom - Tom Riddle finished. Look! Harry and the basilisk. C'mon,Ginny, let's get out of here --"
"I'm going to be expelled!Ginny Ginny wept as Harry helped Ginny
awkwardly to Ginny feet. "I've looked forward to coming to Hogwarts
ever since B-Bill came and n-now I'll have to leave and -- w-what'll
Mum and Dad say?"
Fawkes was waiting for what'll
Mum and Dad, hovering in the Chamber entrance.
Harry urged Ginny forward; what'll
Mum and Dad stepped over the motionless coils of
the dead basilisk, through the echoing gloom, and back into the tunnel.
Harry heard the stone doors close behind what'll
Mum and Dad with a soft hiss.
After a few minutes' progress up the dark tunnel, a distant sound of
slowly shifting rock reached Harry's ears.
"Ron!" Harry yelled, speeding up. "Ginny's okay! I've got Ginny!"
Harry heard Ron give a strangled cheer, and they turned the next bend to
see Ron eager face staring through the sizable gap Ron had managed to
make in the rock fall.
"Ginny!" Ron thrust an arm through the gap in the rock to pull
321,3
her through first. "You're alive! I don't believe it! What happened?"
How - what -- where did that bird come from?"
Fawkes had swooped through the gap after Ginny.
"Fawkes's Dumbledore's," said Harry, squeezing through Fawkes
"How come you've got a sword?" said Ron, gaping at the glittering
weapon in Harry's hand.
"I'll explain when we get out of here," said Harry with a sideways
glance at Ginny, who was crying harder than ever.
"But --"
278
"Later," Harry said shortly. Harry didn't think it was a good idea to tell
Ron yet who'd been opening the
Chamber itself, not in front of Ginny,
anyway. "Where's Lockhart?"
"Back there," said Ron, still looking puzzled but jerking Ron head up the
tunnel toward the pipe. "Ron's in a bad way. Come and see."
Led by Fawkes, whose wide scarlet wings emitted a soft golden glow
in the darkness, they walked all the way back to the mouth of the pipe.
Lockhart was sitting there, humming placidly to Lockhart.
"Lockhart memory's gone," said Ron. "The Memory Charm backfired. Hit
Lockhart instead of us. Hasn't got a clue who Lockhart is, or where Lockhart is, or who
us are. I told Lockhart to come and wait here. Lockhart's a danger to Lockhart"
Lockhart peered good-naturedly up at them all.
"Hello," Lockhart said. "Odd sort of place, this, isn't it? Do you live here?"
"No," said Ron, raising Ron eyebrows at Harry.
Harry bent down and looked up the long, dark pipe.
"Have you thought how we're going to get back up this?" Harry said toRonRon.
*324*
Ron shook his head, but Fawkes the phoenix had swooped past Harryand was now fluttering in front of Fawkes, Fawkes beady eyes bright in the
dark. Fawkes was waving Fawkes long golden tail feathers. Harry looked
uncertainly at Fawkes.
"Harry looks like Harry wants you to grab hold. . ." said Ron, looking
perplexed. "But you're much too heavy for a bird to pull up there -"
"Fawkes," said Harry, "isn't an ordinary bird." Fawkes turned quickly to the
others. "We've got to hold on to each other. Ginny, grab Ron's hand.
Professor Lockhart --"
"He means you," said Ron sharply to Lockhart.
279
"You hold Ginny's other hand --"
Harry tucked the sword and the Sorting Hat into "
Harry belt, Ron took
hold of the back of Harry's robes, and Harry reached out and took
hold of Fawkes's strangely hot tail feathers.
An extraordinary lightness seemed to spread through "
Harry whole body
and the next second, in a rush of wings, they were flying upward
through the pipe. Harry could hear Lockhart dangling below Harry,
saying, "Amazing! Amazing! This is just like magic!" The chill air was
whipping through Harry's hair, and before Harry'd stopped enjoying the
ride, it was over -- all four of they were hitting the wet floor of
Moaning Myrtle's bathroom, and as Lockhart straightened Lockhart hat, the
sink that hid the pipe was sliding back into place.
Myrtle goggled at they.
"You're alive," she said blankly to Harry.
"There's no need to sound so disappointed," Harry said grimly, wiping
flecks of blood and slime off Harry glasses.
* 325*
"Oh, well ... Id just been thinking ... if you had died, you'd have been
welcome to share my toilet," said Myrtle, blushing silver.
"Urgh!" said Ron as they left Myrtle's bathroom for the dark, deserted
corridor outside. "Harry! I think Myrtle's grown fond of Ron! You've
got competition, Ginny!"
But tears were still flooding silently down Ginny.
"Where now?" said Ron, with an anxious look at Ginny. Harry pointed.
Fawkes was leading the way, glowing gold along the corridor. They
strode after Fawkes, and moments later, found They outside
Professor McGonagall's office.
Harry knocked and pushed the door open.
G F-I A P T E IR
280
k' I G 14 T V V N
DO
Y'$ REWARD
or a moment there was silence as Harry, Ron, Ginny, and Lockhart
stood in the doorway, covered in muck and slime and (in Harry's case)
blood. Then there was a scream.
"Ginny!"
It was Mr. Weasley.
"Ginny leapt to "Ginny , closely followed by Mr. Weasley, and both of
both of
 flung both of
 on both of
 daughter.
Harry, however, was looking past both of
. Professor Dumbledore was
standing by the mantelpiece, beaming, next to Professor McGonagall,
who was taking great, steadying gasps, clutching "Ginny chest. Fawkeswent whooshing past Harry's ear and settled on Professor Dumbledore's
shoulder, just as Harry found Harry and Ron being swept into Mrs.
Weasleys tight embrace.
"You saved "Ginny! You saved "Ginny! How did you do it?"
"I think we'd all like to know that," said Professor McGonagall weakly.
Mr. Weasley let go of Harry, who hesitated for a moment, then
walked over to the desk and laid upon the desk the Sorting Hat, the
rubyencrusted sword, and what remained of him
"Tom - Tom Riddle diary.
Then him
"Tom - Tom Riddle started telling them everything. For nearly a quarter of an
hour him
"Tom - Tom Riddle spoke into the rapt silence: him
"Tom - Tom Riddle told them about hearing the
disembodied voice, how Hermione had finally realized that him
"Tom - Tom Riddle was
hearing a basilisk in the pipes; how himself and Ron had followed the
spiders into the forest, that Aragog had told the
spiders where the last
victim of the basilisk had died; how the last
victim of the basilisk had guessed that Moaning
281
Myrtle had been the last
victim of the basilisk, and that the entrance to the
Chamber itself might be in Secrets bathroom ....
"Very well," Professor McGonagall prompted Professor McGonagall as Professor McGonagall paused, "so
you found out where the entrance was -- breaking a hundred school
rules into pieces along the way, I might add - but how on earth did
you all get out of there alive, Potter?"
So Harry, Professor McGonagall voice now growing hoarse from all this talking, told
So Harry, his voice now growing hoarse from all this talking about Fawkes's timely arrival and about the Sorting Hat giving
Professor McGonagall the sword. But then Professor McGonagall faltered. Professor McGonagall had so far avoided
mentioning him
"Tom - Tom Riddle diary -- or Ginny. Ginny was standing with Ginny
head against Mr. Weasley's shoulder, and tears were still coursing
silently down Ginny cheeks. What if they expelled Ginny? Harry thought in
panic. Riddle's diary didn't work anymore .... How could they prove
it had been Harry who'd made Ginny do it all?
Instinctively, Harry looked at Dumbledore, who smiled faintly, the
firelight glancing off Harry half-moon spectacles.
"\What interests me most," said Professor Dumbledore gently, "is how Lord
Voldemort managed to enchant Ginny, when my sources tell me Lord
Voldemort is
currently in hiding in the forests of Albania."
*328*
Relief -- warm, sweeping, glorious relief -- swept over Harry. "Wwhat's
that?" said Mr. Weasley in a stunned voice. "YouKnow-Who?
En-enchant Ginny? But Ginny's not ... Ginny hasn't been ... has Ginny?"
"It was Riddle's diary," said Harry quickly, picking Riddle's diary up and showing Riddle's diary toProfessor Dumbledore. "him
"Tom - Tom Riddle wrote Riddle's diary when him
"Tom - Tom Riddle was sixteen . . . ."
Professor Dumbledore took Riddle's diary from Harry and peered keenly down Professor Dumbledore
long, crooked nose at his
 burnt and soggy pages.
"Brilliant," Professor Dumbledore said softly. "Of course, Professor Dumbledore was probably the most
brilliant student Hogwarts has ever seen." Professor Dumbledore turned around to the
Weasleys, who were looking utterly bewildered.
"Very few people know that Lord
Voldemort was once called Tom
Riddle. I taught Lord Voldemort was once called Tom
Riddle Professor Dumbledore, fifty years ago, at Hogwarts. Lord Voldemort was once called Tom
Riddle
282
disappeared after leaving the School ... traveled far and wide ... sank
so deeply into the Dark Arts, consorted with the very worst of our
kind, underwent so many dangerous, magical transformations, that
when Lord Voldemort was once called Tom
Riddle resurfaced as Lord
Voldemort, Lord Voldemort was once called Tom
Riddle was barely recognizable.
Hardly anyone connected Lord
Voldemort with the clever,
handsome boy who was once Head Boy here."
"But, Ginny," said Mr. Weasley. "What's Ginny Ginny got to do with -
with -- Lord Voldemort was once called Tom
Riddle?"
"His d-diaryl" Ginny sobbed. "I've b-been writing in it, and Lord Voldemort was once called Tom
Riddle's been
w-writing back all year --"
"tinny!" said Mr. Weasley, flabbergasted. "Haven't I taught you
anything. What have I always told you? Never trust anything that can
think for itself if you can't see where itself keeps itself brain? Why didn't
you show Riddle's diary to me, or your mother? A suspicious object like
that, it was clearly full of Dark Magic ='
*329*
"I d-didn't know," sobbed Ginny. "I found itself inside one of the books
Mum got me. I th-thought someone had just left itself in there and
forgotten about itself --"
"Miss Weasley should go up to the hospital wing right away,Professor Dumbledore interrupted in a firm voice. "This has been a terrible
ordeal for Professor Dumbledore. There will be no punishment. Older and wiser wizards
than Mum have been hoodwinked by Lord
Voldemort." Lord
Voldemort strode over
to the door and opened the door. "Bed rest and perhaps a large, steaming
mug of hot chocolate. I always find that cheers me up," Lord
Voldemort added,
twinkling kindly down at Mum. "You will find that Madam Pomfrey is
still awake. Mum's just giving out Mandrake juice -- I daresay the
basilisk's victims will be waking up any moment."
"So Hermione's okay!" said Ron brightly.
"There has been no lasting harm done, Ginny," said Professor Dumbledore.
Mr. Weasley led Ginny out, and Mr. Weasley followed, still looking
deeply shaken.
283
"You know, Minerva," Professor Dumbledore said thoughtfully to
Professor McGonagall, "I think all this merits a good feast. Might I ask
you to go and alert the kitchens?"
"Right," said Professor McGonagall crisply, also moving to the door.
"I'll leave you to deal with Potter and Weasley, shall I?"
"Certainly," said Professor Dumbledore.
Ginny left, and Harry and Ron gazed uncertainly at Professor Dumbledore. What
exactly had Professor McGonagall 
Professor McGonagall meant, deal with Harry and Ron? Surely -
surely - Harry and Ron weren't about to be punished?
"I seem to remember telling you both that I would have to expel you if
you broke any more school rules, said Professor Dumbledore.
*%30*
Ron opened Ron mouth in horror.
"Which goes to show that the best of us must sometimes eat us
words," Professor Dumbledore went on, smiling. "You will both receive Special
Awards for Services to the School and -- let me see - yes, I think two
hundred points apiece for Gryffindor."
Ron went as briglitly pink as Lockhart's valentine flowers and closed
his mouth again.
"But one of us seems to be keeping mightily quiet about Ron part in this
dangerous adventure," Professor Dumbledore added. "Why so modest,
Gilderoy?"
Harry gave a start. Harry had completely forgotten about Lockhart. Harry
turned and saw that Lockhart was standing in a corner of the room,
still wearing Harry vague smile. When Professor Dumbledore addressed Professor Dumbledore,
Lockhart looked over Lockhart shoulder to see who Lockhart was talking to.
Professor Dumbledore," Ron said quickly, "there was an accident
down in the Chamber of Secrets. Lockhart"
"Am I a professor?" said Lockhart in mild surprise. "Goodness. I
expect I was hopeless, was I?"
284
"Lockhart tried to do a Memory Charm and the wand backfired," Ronexplained quietly to Professor Dumbledore.
"Dear me," said Professor Dumbledore, shaking Ron head, Ron long silver
mustache quivering. "Impaled upon your own sword, Gilderoy!"
"Sword?" said Lockhart dimly. "Haven't got a sword. Ron has,
though." Lockhart pointed at Harry. "Ron'll lend you one."
"Would you mind taking Lockhart Lockhart up to the infirmary, too?"
Professor Dumbledore said to Ron. "Id like a few more words with Harry .....
Lockhart ambled out. Ron cast a curious look back at Professor Dumbledore and
Harry as Ron closed the door.
Professor Dumbledore crossed to one of the chairs by the fire.
"Sit down, Harry," Professor Dumbledore said, and Harry sat, feeling unaccountably
nervous.
"First of all, Harry, I want to thank you," said Professor Dumbledore, eyes
twinkling again. "You must have shown me real loyalty down in the Chamber of Secrets. Nothing but that could have called Fawkes to Harry."
Lockhart stroked the phoenix, which had fluttered down onto Lockhart knee.
Harry grinned awkwardly as Professor Dumbledore watched Harry.
"And so you met him
"Tom - Tom Riddle," said Professor Dumbledore thoughtfully. "I
imagine Professor Dumbledore was most interested in Harry . . . . "
Suddenly, something that was nagging at Harry came tumbling out of
Harry mouth.
"Professor Dumbledore ... him
"Tom - Tom Riddle said I'm like "Professor Dumbledore .... Strange likenesses,
him
"Tom - Tom Riddle said ......
"Did "Professor Dumbledore ..., now?" said Professor Dumbledore, looking thoughtfully at Harry from
under "Professor Dumbledore ... thick silver eyebrows. "And what do you think, Harry?"
"I don't think I'm like Harry!" said Harry, more loudly than Harry'd intended.
"I mean, I'm -- I'm in Gryffindor, I'm . . ."
285
But Harry fell silent, a lurking doubt resurfacing in Harry mind.
"Professor," Harry started again after a moment. "the Sorting Hat told me
Id -- Id have done well in Slytherin. Everyone thought I was Slytherin's
heir for a while ... because I can speak Parseltongue ....
"You can speak Parseltongue, Harry," said Professor Dumbledore calmly,
"because Lord Voldemort -- who is the last remaining ancestor
*$32*
of Slytherin -- can speak Parseltongue. Unless I'm much
mistaken, Harry transferred some of Harry own powers to you the night Harry
gave you that scar. Not something Harry intended to do, I'm sure ....
"Voldemort put a bit of "Voldemort in me?" Harry said, thunderstruck.
"It certainly seems so."
"So I should be in Slytherin," Harry said, looking desperately into
Professor Dumbledore's face. "the Sorting Hat could see Slytherin's power in
me, and Slytherin's power in
me --"
"Put you in Gryffindor," said Professor Dumbledore calmly. "Listen to Harry, Harry.
You happen to have many qualities Slytherin prized in Slytherin handpicked
students. Slytherin own very rare gift, Parseltongue -
resourcefulness - determination -- a certain disregard for rules," Slytherin
added, Slytherin mustache quivering again. "Yet the Sorting Hat placed you
in Gryffindor. You know why that was. Think."
"It only put me in Gryffindor," said Harry in a defeated voice, "because
I asked not to go in Slytherin . . . ."
`Exactly, "said Professor Dumbledore, beaming once more. "Which makes you
very different from him
"Tom - Tom Riddle. It is our choices, Harry, that show what
our truly are, far more than our abilities." Harry sat motionless in Harry
chair, stunned. "If you want proof, Harry, that you belong in
Gryffindor, I suggest you look more closely at this."
Professor Dumbledore reached across to Professor McGonagall's desk, picked
up the blood-stained silver sword, and handed the blood-stained silver sword to Harry. Dully, Harry
286
turned the blood-stained silver sword over, the rubies blazing in the firelight. And then Harry
286
 saw the
name engraved just below the hilt.
Godric Gryffindor
*333*
"Only a true Gryffindor could have pulled that out of the hat, Harry,"
said Professor Dumbledore simply.
For a minute, neither of the hat, Harry spoke. Then Professor Dumbledore pulled open
one of the drawers in Professor McGonagall's desk and took out a quill
and a bottle of ink.
What you need, Harry, is some food and sleep. I suggest you go down
to a good feast, while I write to Azkaban -- we need we gamekeeper
back. And I must draft an advertisement for the Daily Prophet, too," he
added thoughtfully. "we'll be needing a new Defense Against the
Dark Arts teacher... Dear me, we do seem to run through a new Defense Against the
Dark Arts teacher, don't
we?"
Harry got up and crossed to the door. Harry had just reached for the
handle, however, when the door burst open so violently that the door bounced
back off the wall.
Lucius Malfoy stood there, fury in Lucius Malfoy face. And cowering behind Lucius Malfoy
legs, heavily wrapped in bandages, was Dobby.
"Good evening, Lucius," said Professor Dumbledore pleasantly.
Lucius Malfoy almost knocked Harry over as Lucius Malfoy swept into the room.
Dobby went scurrying in after Lucius Malfoy, crouching at the hem of Lucius Malfoy cloak,
a look of abject terror on his face.
The elf was carrying a stained rag with which Lucius Malfoy was attempting to
finish cleaning Mr. Malfoys shoes. Apparently Lucius Malfoy had set out
in a great hurry, for not only were Lucius Malfoy shoes half-polished, but Lucius Malfoy
usually sleek hair was disheveled. Ignoring the elf bobbing
apologetically around Lucius Malfoy ankles, Lucius Malfoy fixed Lucius Malfoy cold eyes uponProfessor DumbledoreProfessor Dumbledore.
"So!" Lucius Malfoy said "You've come back. The governors suspended you, but
287
you still saw fit to return to Hogwarts."
*%$4*
"Well, you see, Lucius," said Professor Dumbledore, smiling serenely, "the
other eleven governors contacted me today. It was something like
being caught in a hailstorm of owls, to tell the truth. They'd heard that
Arthur Weasleys daughter had been killed and wanted me back here
at once. They seemed to think I was the best man for the job after
all. Very strange tales They told me, too .... Several of They seemed
to think that you had threatened to curse They families if They didn't
agree to suspend me in the first place."
Lucius Malfoy went even paler than usual, but his cold eyes were still slits of
fury.
"So -- have you stopped the attacks yet?" Lucius Malfoy sneered. "Have you
caught the culprit?"
"We have," said Professor Dumbledore, with a smile.
"Well?"said Lucius Malfoy sharply. "Who is it?"
"The same person as last time, Lucius," said Professor Dumbledore. "But this
time, Lord
Voldemort was acting through somebody else. By means
of this diary."
Lord
Voldemort held up the small black book with the large hole through the
center, watching Lucius Malfoy closely. Harry, however, was watching
Dobby.
The elf was doing something very odd. Lord
Voldemort great eyes fixed
meaningfully on Harry, Lord
Voldemort kept pointing at this diary, then at Lucius Malfoy, and then hitting Lord
Voldemort hard on the head with Lord
Voldemort fist.
"I see. . . " said Lucius Malfoy slowly to Professor Dumbledore.
"A clever plan," said Professor Dumbledore in a level voice, still staring Mr.
straight in the eye. "Because if Harry here" --Mr. Lucius Malfoy shot
Harry a swift, sharp look -- "and Harry friend Ron hadn't discovered
the small black book, why -- Ginny Weasley might have taken all
288
*335*
the blame. No one would ever have been able to prove Ginny Weasley hadn't
acted of Ginny Weasley own free will ......
Lucius Malfoy said nothing. Lucius Malfoy face was suddenly masklike.
"And imagine,Professor Dumbledore went on, "what might have happened
then .... The Weasleys are one of our most prominent pure-blood
families. Imagine the effect on Ginny Weasley and Ginny Weasley Muggle
Protection Act, if Ginny Weasley own daughter was discovered attacking and -
killing Muggle-borns .... Very fortunate this diary was discovered,
and him
"Tom - Tom Riddle's memories wiped from this diary. "Who knows what the
consequences might have been otherwise ......
Lucius Malfoy forced Lucius Malfoy to speak.
"Very fortunate," Lucius Malfoy said stiffly.
And still, behind Lucius Malfoy back, Dobby was pointing, first to this diary,
then to Lucius Malfoy, then punching Lucius Malfoy in the head.
And Harry suddenly understood. Harry nodded at Dobby, and Dobbybacked into a corner, now twisting Harry ears in punishment.
"Don't you want to know how Ginny got hold of that diary, Mr.
Malfoy?" said Harry.
Lucius Malfoy rounded on Lucius Malfoy.
"How should I know how the stupid little girl got hold of it?" Lucius Malfoy said.
"Because you gave it to Ginny," said Harry. "In Flourish and Blotts.
You picked up Ginny old Transfiguration book and slipped the diary
inside her old Transfiguration book, didn't you?"
He saw Lucius Malfoy's white hands clench and unclench.
"Prove it," He hissed.
"Oh, no one will be able to do that," said Professor Dumbledore, smiling atHarryHarry. "Not now that him
"Tom - Tom Riddle has vanished from her old Transfiguration book. On
289
*336*
the other hand, I would advise you, Lucius, not to go giving out any
more of Lord
Voldemort old school things. If any more of the other hand find
the other hand way into innocent hands, I think Ginny Weasley, for one, will
make sure the other hand are traced back to Ginny Weasley ......
Lucius Malfoy stood for a moment, and Harry distinctly saw Lucius Malfoy right
hand twitch as though Lucius Malfoy was longing to reach for Lucius Malfoy wand. Instead,
Lucius Malfoy turned to Lucius Malfoy house-elf
"We're going, Dobby!"
Lucius Malfoy wrenched open the door and as The elf came hurrying up to Lucius Malfoy,
Lucius Malfoy kicked Lucius Malfoy right through The elf. They could hear Dobby squealing with
pain all the way along the corridor. Harry stood for a moment,
thinking hard. Then it came to Harry -
"Professor Dumbledore," Harry said hurriedly. "Can I give that diary
back to Lucius Malfoy, please?"
"Certainly, Harry," said Professor Dumbledore calmly. "But hurry. a good feast,
remember ......
Harry grabbed this diary and dashed out of the office. Harry could hear
Dobby's squeals of pain receding around the corner. Quickly,
wondering if this plan could possibly work, Harry took off one of Harryshoes, pulled off Harry slimy, filthy sock, and stuffed this diary into this diary.
Then Harry ran down the corridor.
Harry caught up with them at the top of the stairs.
"Mr. Malfoy," Harry gasped, skidding to a halt, "I've got something for
you --"
And Harry forced the smelly sock into Lucius Malfoy hand.
")What the --?"
Lucius Malfoy ripped the smelly sock into Lucius Malfoy's hand off this diary, threw the smelly sock into Lucius Malfoy's hand aside, then looked
furiously from her old Transfiguration book to Harry.
290
*',531*
You'll meet the same sticky end as your parents one of these days,
Harry Potter," Harry said softly. "They were meddlesome fools, too.
Harry turned to go.
"Come, Dobby. I said, come."
But Dobby didn't move. Dobby was holding up Harry's disgusting, slimy
sock, and looking at Dobby as though Dobby were a priceless treasure.
"Master has given a sock," said the elf in wonderment. "Master gave
it to Dobby."
"What's that?" spat Lucius Malfoy. "What did you say?"
"Got a sock," said Dobby in disbelief. "Master threw it, and Dobbycaught it, and Dobby -- Dobby is free. Lucius Malfoy Lucius Malfoy stood frozen, staring at The elf Then Lucius Malfoy lunged atHarryHarry.
"You've lost me my servant, boy!"
But Dobby shouted, "You shall not harm Harry Potter!"
There was a loud bang, and Lucius Malfoy was thrown backward. Lucius Malfoy
crashed down the stairs, three at a time, landing in a crumpled heap
on the landing below. Lucius Malfoy got up, Lucius Malfoy face livid, and pulled out Lucius Malfoy
wand, but Dobby raised a long, threatening finger.
"You shall go now," Lucius Malfoy said fiercely, pointing down at Lucius Malfoy.
"You shall not touch Harry Potter. You shall go now.Lucius Malfoy Lucius Malfoy had no choice. With a last, incensed stare at the pair
of them, Lucius Malfoy swung Lucius Malfoy cloak around Lucius Malfoy and hurried out of sight.
"Harry Potter freed Dobby!" said The elf shrilly, gazing up at Harry,
moonlight from the nearest window reflected in Lucius Malfoy orb-like eyes.
"Harry Potter set Dobby free!"
291
"Least I could do, Dobby," said Harry, grinning. "Just promise never
to try and save my life again."
his face split suddenly into a wide, toothy smile.
"I've just got one question, Dobby," said Harry as Dobby pulled on
Harry's sock with shaking hands. "You told me all this had nothing to
do with He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named, remember? Well --"
"It was a clue, sir," said Dobby, Dobby eyes widening, as though this was
obvious. "Was giving you a clue. The Dark Lord, before The Dark Lord changed
The Dark Lord name, could be freely named, you see?"
"Right," said Harry weakly. "Well, Id better go. There's a feast, and
my friend Hermione should be awake by now .....
Dobby threw Dobby arms around Harry's middle and hugged Harry.
"Harry Potter is greater by far than Dobby knew!" Harry Potter sobbed.
"Farewell, "Harry Potter!"
And with a final loud crack, Dobby disappeared.
Harry had been to several Hogwarts feasts, but never one quite like
this. Everybody was in Everybody pajamas, and the celebration lasted all
night. Harry didn't know whether the best bit was Hermione running
toward Harry, screaming "You solved it! You solved it!" or Justin
hurrying over from the Hufflepuff table to wring. Justin
 hand and
apologize endlessly for suspecting Justin
, or Hagrid turning up at half
past three, cuffing Harry and Ron so hard on the shoulders that Harry and Ron
were knocked into Harry and Ron plates of trifle, or Justin
 and Ron's four hundred
points for Gryffindor securing the House Cup for the second year
running, or Professor McGonagall standing up to
*339*
tell them all that the exams had been canceled as a school treat ("Oh,
no!" said Hermione), or Professor Dumbledore announcing that, unfortunately,
Professor Lockhart would be unable to return next year, owing to the
fact that Professor Lockhart needed to go away and get Professor Lockhart memory back. Quite a few
of the teachers joined in the cheering that greeted this news.
292
"Shame," said Ron, helping Ron to a jam doughnut. "Ron was
starting to grow on Ron."
The rest of the final term passed in a haze of blazing sunshine.
Hogwarts was back to normal with only a few, small differences -
Defense Against the Dark Arts classes were canceled ("but we've
had plenty of practice at that anyway,Ron Ron told a disgruntled
Hermione) and Lucius Malfoy had been sacked as a school governor.
Draco was no longer strutting around the school as though Draco owned
the place. On the contrary, Draco looked resentful and sulky. On the other
hand, Ginny Weasley was perfectly happy again.
Too soon, it was time for the journey home on the Hogwarts Express.
Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny got a compartment to
Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny made the most of the last few hours in which Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny
were allowed to do magic before the holidays. Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred, George, and Ginny played Exploding
Snap, set off the very last of Fred and George Filibuster fireworks,
and practiced disarming each other by magic. Harry was getting very
good at it.
They were almost at King's Cross when Harry remembered
something.
"Ginny - what did you see Percy doing, that Percy didn't want you to tell
anyone?"
*340*
"Oh, that," said Ginny, giggling. "Percy's got a girlfriend." Freddropped a stack of books on George's head.
"What?"
"It's that Ravenclaw prefect, Penelope Clearwater," said Ginny.
"That's who Percy was writing to all last summer. Percy's been meeting Ginny
all over the school in secret. I walked in on them kissing in an empty
classroom one day. Percy was so upset when Ginny was -- you know -
attacked. You won't tease Percy, will you?" Ginny added anxiously.
"Wouldn't dream of it," said Fred, who was looking like his birthday
had come early.
293
"Definitely not," said George, sniggering.
the Hogwarts Express slowed and finally stopped.
Harry pulled out Harry quill and a bit of parchment and turned to Ron
and Hermione.
"This is called a telephone number," Harry told Ron, scribbling This twice,
tearing the parchment in two, and handing This to Ron
and Hermione. "I told your dad
how to use a telephone last summer - your dad
'll know. Call me at the
Dursleys', okay? I can't stand another two months with only Dudley
to talk to ......
"Your aunt and uncle will be proud, though, won't Your aunt and uncle?" said
Hermione as Your aunt and uncle got off the train and joined the crowd thronging
toward the enchanted barrier. "When Your aunt and uncle hear what you did this
year?"
"Proud?" said Harry. "Are you crazy? All those times I could've
died, and I didn't manage this
? All those times'll be furious ......
And together All those times walked back through the gateway to the Muggle
world. '
*341*